Thank you for your service!
And support the rest of of us by voting against repeal of healthcare!
YOU must vote "No" on this so-called healthcare reform.  Do it for the guy next to you getting chemo.
What we need is McCain to retire immediately

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
We follow President Trump, not you! http://prepareforchange.net/2017/09/11/navy-releases-mccains-records-mccain-was-personally-responsible-for-the-deadliest-fire-in-the-history-of-the-us-navy/ …
The haters don't seem happy with you, Senator. Do what is right. Vote no on disgraceful attemp to wreck ACA and healthcare for millions.
Jesus Christ Senator how could you consider this??
Here are what the premium markups would be for various health conditions: 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/04/20/430858/latest-aca-repeal-plan-explode-premiums-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
Sir, my grandson is 4 & has type 1 juvenile diabetes.
Don't make him a preexisting condition.
Do the right thing.
Please do the right thing
Do not repeal ACA
We're counting on you again
You are Hero 
#25the45th 
#45NoNoSOULNoDecency 
#saveDACA
John McCain, Please vote No again on the proposed Health Care Bill. You will save lives. Please do the right thing.


My father served in 2 wars. You let US down over petty stuff! You lost my respect!

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
If you support this new heller health bill it will cost you big on judgement day ! And your pretty old!
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy. The lives of so many depend on your vote. Please.
People matter. Healthcare matters.Most people now on ACA can't afford an increase in premiums&isnt the reason 4 ACA repeal.the in cost.
Senator McCain...please don't repeal Obamacare. It needs to be retooled but please force it thru the proper committees
And for Americans, a must read:

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
I don't understand. This is worse than all previous bills. Why would this be a yes? Please do the right thing and protect us.
Now on to more important things. Saving people's lives. Please stand up for those who have power. Vote no on this deadly bill imitation bill
If you pass Graham-Cassidy, while treating your disease with government funded healthcare, you will be the world's biggest hypocrite.

John McCain Faces a New Test of His Principles https://nyti.ms/2jDUrKC 
Please put people first sir. Vote no on graham/Cassidy bill. We want to grow old,cuddle our grandkids. Vote no.
Now pass the repeal so we can have health care like you have
I urge you to OPPOSE Graham-Cassidy. Please save our healthcare. Thank you.
Just having a history of a cancer in years past -
John, I want to believe you are a hero.  Taking healthcare away is not heroic.  Your legacy is more important than your love for Lindsay.
How will vets fare when Graham-Cassidy bill exponentially increases premiums for mental health incl anxiety, depression, PTSD? #walkthetalk
We r calling on you now to do the right thing about health care. UR being asked to vote before you know the full impact of #GrahamCassidy
Give Americans the insurance coverage they need, millions will die when pre-existing conditions like your cancer are not covered anymore.
Senator a healthy America is a strong America, this is beyond difference of opinions between left and right, do not repeal the ACA
FOR SHAME, MCCAIN!!! Knowingly leaving P.O.W.s & PREVENTING THEIR SAFE RETURN HOME!!!
Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
There are more of us. #realnews Thank you for your sanity @SenJohnMcCain #wethepeople #createdequal #HealthCareForAll #Equality

*If* McCain votes yes—so blatantly violating his own principles—he will do extraordinary damage to his reputation and legacy. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/909449023203024902 …
Senator McCain, vote no...for the people.
NO on #GrahamCassidy. Many vets depend on Medicaid which it completely eliminates (not just expansion) in 2026. Please. So many will die.
Republicans will have Essentially killed Americans if this healthcare bill passes!!!!
Yes, I agree. What about everyone who is not in the Military, not over 65, not in Congress/do we just leave them to die without Healthcare??
Why do you want to take away healthcare?
If you actually cared about veterans, you won't vote for #GrahamCassidy.
New name, same mess.

This vet, of @VoteVets, explains why #GrahamCassidy is such a disaster for veterans' healthcare: 
Hey, I agreed with this. What about everybody else??
Please please please continue to oppose Trumpcare!! Doesn't matter to you of course, or to me, but thousands of Americans will die
We also ask for healthcare 4 all Americans What you're planning to take away with #GrahamCassidy is so sad. You will be ashamed ifU vote yes

"give our troops the support they need"? McCain, u WENT OUT OF YOUR WAY to MAKE SURE that VIETNAM MIAs WOULD NEVER COME HOME!  ROT IN HELL!

@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
I am a German/Dane living in the US. My granddad was in WWI and refused hitler i WW2
Doesn't AZ deserve the same care you recently received?  Be brave Senator.
Current ACA repeal state of play, per GOP senator: "We are one vote away from doing this thing" http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/18/obamacare-repeal-senate-republicans-242854 … w @jenhab
Please continue to be a HERO & vote NO on the pending H.C.B Imagine being poor & no quality care for your illness
Please also stop trying to take health care from older Americans, the disabled, and people with pre-existing conditions. Thumbs down!
. @johnMcCain America will remember the day you sold us out. VOTE NO ON #CassidyGraham !
Graham-Cassidy bill cuts Medicaid. 1,750,000 vets are covered by Medicaid. A vote for Graham-Cassidy is a vote to take healthcare from vets.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy.  The country needs medicare for all.  Let everyone have the same great treatment you are getting.  Txs!
I don't know anyone who doesn't have a pre-existing condition.  You're condemning everyone to denial while you're receiving utmost care.
Vets need healthcare. How can you live w yourself & your superior healthcare while letting everyone else be denied for pre-existing conds???
You must not let the health care bill pass
Please do not let your legacy be that you ended ACA & took away people's healthcare. You are a hero, do it again, & save Healthcare please!
Where is the regular order on Healthcare and bipartisan discussion to fix ACA? Please, do not allow this outrageous attempt to succeed! 
Thank you for all you've sacrificed and for working to protect our healthcare. Please keep it up and oppose #GrahamCassidy. It is dangerous.
He won't. John McCain will flip. #GrahamCassidy

You must not vote to take away healthcare from millions of Americans!!!!
I can't believe your going to screw american wools I thought you was a patriot guess not
Me McCain, u should remain the hero u are, if u vote yes for Trumpcare, Vets will be disappointed in you,Trump degraded you, Vets respect U
America is asking for a no vote on trumpcare. Please.
700 billion? I hope 600 billion is going to vets. GOOP is not thinking right. I didn't vote for this
Please repeal ACA we r suffering under ACA Don't sacrifice repeal looking for a perfect process U made your point We r on road to socialism!
And America asks YOUR service in protecting the healthcare & lives of millions of people & VOTING NO on #GrahamCassidy - do the right thing
Don't ask us to support others if you don't support us. Don't blieve ur constituents wld agree w/ u if u vote to take ACA away. Plz vote NO
2/conditions? I thought you we'd going to have panels and discussions? Shame on you if you vote for it.  You know better Thant that!
1/Please tell me you are NOT voting to repeal Obamacare and go for this new horrible bill that would kick off people with preexisting
Plz b the wonderful Maverick that we all supprt by voting NO 2 Graham/Cassidy bill.Yes Linsday is ur friend,but we depend on U & Sens like U
Please don't vote for this new healthcare bill, it will hurt veterans
Please don't allow trampling of ACA. It won't even have CBO score by the time it goes to floor. Worse plan than you voted against already.
Right now senator we need you to stand by your word to make health care bipartisan. No to @LindseyGrahamSC
And we must pass the Graham-Cassidy bill. It's a step in the right direction. Support the American voter! Sen, thank you for your service.

You sure did mange to drop out SA639. I am sure that was accidentally on purpose also. #rhino
A vote for Graham-Cassidy is as good as a death sentence to countless Americans suffering from cancer. The same cancer you have. Be a human.
Vote No on repealing talk about vets then stab them in the back . GOP are an embarrassment on the treatment of our veterans
Don't leave millions of people high and dry, the revised pre existing condition clause will make cancer treatment financially impossible
Veterans are important, but so are average citizens they fight to defend. @SenJohnMcCain please protect both & vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Linsey has a health plan.  U damn well not vote no on it!  Sorry Meghan was to embarrassed to comeback to Outnumbered.
Please Sen. McCain Don't leave us without healthcare
https://www.dailykos.cfom/stories/2017/9/18/1698904/-The-Senate-Trumpcare-bill-could-leave-many-veterans-with-no-health-care
Please dont kill the ACA.. this is the lifeline to 22 million Americans !Vote NO
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. vote for GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Millions of lives in ur hands, do not leave a legacy of being a part of sending them to their deaths. Do not repeal.
Voting for this new healthcare bill will take coverage away from veterans so aren't you being more than a little hypocritical here??
You are a fraud.
Vote yes to this disgusting health bill because Graham is your friend you go down in history as a hypocrite, coward - & murderer!!!!
Yes, support the military and also plz vote no on #GrahamCassidy. Please fight for America. We need you!!!
Plz say not true. voting yes on repeal? Respected Bc u put people before party, Plz dont - even if just for ur grandchildren & theirs.
And America needs health care for all citizens at reality based costs for adequate coverage. Please don't support the bill to repeal AHCA
Please do not raise Medicare costs for Retirees.
Vote No on the Cassidy-Graham"too poor,just die"bill. Make it your heroic action/legacy for all Americans who will die without insurance.
Plese sacrifice with America Vote NO on Health care repeal.
is not the answer for the vote on healthcare!
America is urging you to stand stand strong and PREVENT a rushed healthcare bill from being crammed down our throats.
Hey. Something we agree to. What you did to us is dirty and sneaky. Trump is better off without friends like U.
Please protect Americans on Medicaid, and those with pre-existing conditions by voting NO on the Cassidy-Graham repeal bill.  Thank you!
Just vote for repeal & replace like u said u would to get elected 
Once again congress is frozen in fear of progress
Please Vote no on Graham Cassidy.
3/ Medicaid expansion vanishes. Millions will lose insurance, including loads of disabled and children. Many will die without care.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
Don't ever say you care for vets or the people if you vote for the GrahamCassidy bill, it strips care away from 2 mil vets & 32 mil people.
33,000 people will lose Healthcare. Need to return regular order. Need debates, public meeting w Healthcare industry,new CBO score#protectus
Correction 33,000,000 Thirty-three Million LOSE HEALTHCARE and will get NO Help.
Pass this but stop the latest attack on healthcare.  It is only a power play for 45 to undo anything Obama accomplished
Shame on you!!!
As I hope your recovery goes well, I hope you find sympathy for the millions who could lose insurance on #GrahamCassidy say no! save lives!
If you vote for this new healthcare bill you will go to your grave knowing you killed 10's of thousands. Are you really okay with that?
Now, all Americans will suffer by dying early and paying more for health care
#Sayno2grahamcassidy
We are begging you once again, not to support a bill that's said 2B worse than anything before! Please vote no, and don't cave to bullying!
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.  Guts Medicaid for thousands of veterans.  We need a return to normal order! #SaveACA
The blood will be on your hands if you help pass Graham/Cassidy. You really want that legacy?
President Trump has given the Military more than any other President before him. God Bless them, God Bless President Trump.
Don't let us or our families members with cancer down please:
Please #VoteNOGrahamCassidy !!! 32 million Americans will lose their healthcare!
PLEASE vote NO on the #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill!
please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill  again no cbo score + attempt to ram pile of  through and throw millions off insurance
.@SenJohnMcCain looks like vote will take place w/o full CBO score showing how many of us will lose coverage. Criminally reckless. PLEASE NO
Why are you on the fence about doing the right thing regarding health care for all, It should be a simple NO vote on the current proposal!!!
If you vote yes on this newest healthcare then you really don't care about vets or anyone else. This one is WORSE than the 1 you said no to!
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill .
Please vote NO on #Graham-Cassidy
Sir, respectfully, don't allow your friendship w/ @LindseyGrahamSC distract from regular order and the lives of millions. Stop the madness.
Coverage ripped away from tens of millions of Americans with Graham-Cassidy – kids with disabilities, grandparents in nursing homes.
People are scared of losing their HCare. The bill will kill us. Please don't vote yes.
Please vote No on "new" Trumpcare. Please.
Why would you vote yes on care act! Not everyone has your insurance! You should know how this would affect people! Shame on you if u do
I have sacrificed enough. Please do not vote for grahams healthcare bill. Fix ACA please.
Senator, #GrahamCassidy is bad for Americans. This process is a disgrace. Please vote NO again!
How will it feel to rip away health care to millions while the American ppl will still be paying for your cancer treatment 
NOT FAIR VOTE NO
Is this regular order?  Shame, shame on you if you vote yes.  https://twitter.com/bendreyfuss/status/909863719362088960 …
I agree we need to support them. The American people need support too. Not more things taken away and given the the wealthiest! That's wrong
Replying to @SenJohnMcCain
You brought back pride to the senate with your no vote. Please don't let us down when voting on #GrahamCassidy
if you want your legacy to mean anything you will not vote to kill your fellow americans with #trumpcare - VOTE NO
PLEASE vote no on repealing ACA. Let other Americans enjoy excellent healthcare as you received. No ins: No routine checkup, no CT, no MRI.
We need infrastructure spending & affordable healthcare for all, not more Offense spending. If the rich want war, let them fight/pay for it.
Guess its all okay as long as you have your health care in place, right Senator.
McCain would see a 1,093% premium increase based on his brain cancer dx.   But as long as the AZ governor agrees.  ... smh
Senator, do you want your legacy to be that of a hero, or of a GOP lemming who ripped healthcare away from millions? Your vote. Your choice.
Senator, please vote no on  the Graham-Cassidy bill...the Republicans have rejected your call for a return to regular order.

Yeah but don't sacrifice the lives of many in passing health to get #FY18NDAA passed - that would be an abomination.
Just cut their health care, like you'll probably do to 32 MILLION Americans, because your little buddy Lindsey wants you to! #Republicowards
It is also our duty to take care of hard working Americans health. Removing employer mandate will leave millions of min. wagers uninsured.
Hear you are voting yes to take away health care for millions of Americans! Shame on you! Thought u were an honorable man! Guess not !
Senator, please protect the health care of the people of Arizona and of this entire country.  Please vote No on #GrahamCassidy .
Please do not join insensitive members, fix loopholes in ACA. Repeal and replace by G&C will deny millions in similar predicament as yours.
He is a pussy traitor. He is on the fake news allot. That shows he never changed that traitor in him.
We know you and Graham are friends, but his healthcare bill does not improve care or cost for Americans. Please vote No on Grahams bill.
We're back on healthcare again.  New Graham bill does not improve healthcare for Americans.  Please vote NO.
You must vote no on the Graham-Cassidy "healthcare" bill.
@IndivisibleofAZ @Indivisible_SAZ @indivisiblephx @IndivisibleAZWV will the Senator stand by his words or vote in favor of Graham-Cassidy?
 Democracy? 
No, the Graham-Cassidy bill must another thumbs down-- no -- Senator McCain.
You must understand what it's like, I am a cancer survivor. I will not be able to afford coverage under the Graham-Cassidy hc bill.
POTUS 46= USA HCAccess.  REFOCUS the multitude from being a good little PUPPET to BIG JOHN WAYNES!
Please stay firm and vote NO for the latest ACA repeal bill. Thank you and best wishes for speedy recovery!
Sen. I was excited when you said NO to trumpcare. Now I am worried that you will vote for this new bill. Please vote for the American people
