what about the Saudi Kingdom family ? You don't think they are 100% worse that Putin. No one has any right
specially if you are a Christian- why do t you change that Mr McCain ????!!!!!
you have a responsibility infront of God to fight for these Christians working there to have a place to pray
How long until you turn on Trump? How many broken promises or nazi actions?
The Republicans have yet to put America above partisanship. We see your votes. 
@jonahowenlamb the time is coming where you will have to #resist Senator. You will be a great help.
@rezaaslan Then vote against him! Don't be a toady McCain!!!
@rezaaslan but according to Trump we are similar to Russia. Yea cause they love democracy.
Care about Russians and dishonor our solder that is killed you are a Political hack and a traitor to our country.
Why do you constantly say negative things about Russia, but never Saudi Arabia? @SenJohnMcCain
yes John! Or where were u & MSM when Obama told Russia he would have more flexibility after the 2012 election
so stop voting for his pal's cabinet appointments, okay? you're being two-faced.
So risk your party's approval by defying 45 & his admiration of Putin's tyranny! He hates you anyway. Do what's right.
@riotwomennn yet you refuse to defy Trumps Tyranny. Even as he bashes your name and your service to our country.
why did you voted yes on DeVOS???? I actually liked you but you betrayed us :( #sWAP
sadly!
More gas lighting for the military industrial complex and the House of Saud. Enough with the proxy wars with Russia. @SenJohnMcCain
You all remember when Russia was weak in the 90-s with drunk impotent president. Just like in Ukraine right now. It's over!
@charster99611 Russian resistance release the vids Putin has on Trump we are citizens of planet earth we dont need tyrants!!
while so many vets died fighting for their health care in your state...in reality mccain you are a bigger killer than putin
and you wouldn't even risk bucking the party line to vote against Devos #Craven
guess all the ppl with BACKBONE r in the dems evidently money makes liars and cowards out of gop so called senators
Millions of kids lost their life in #Vietnam, because of the tyranny of the #USA and your participation in slaughtering them
Speaking of defying Putin, how is that investigation into the Trump administration's ties to Russia going?
They'll be dead soon, by mysterious illnesses or accidents across from the Kremlin
Kudos Senator!  Our Nation counts on you as being the only one strong enough to stand up to the misinformed & inept potus.
Think you might defy the Don? Come on follower, who's it going to be. Time to Be or Do.
Do what's right, Senator. Oust the Cheeto in Chief!
try opposing the Clintons, lots of "suicides" and "accidents" in that group
Are u willing to risk ur life for the truth or will u keep playing along with Trump's fascist regime?!?
Nemtsov w/4 illegitimate children whom he never supported,Kara-Mursa who's frequently overdosing cocaine.NO thnx
Yes but what about OUR people! OUR VETS! Out of site out of mind?
Keep promoting another cold war with the Russians benefting the military industrial complex Oblivious to middle class economy
Stick by your guns. U know as well as I do that Trump is a Traitor to America. Hold him accountable.
Why not let the new Secy State handle foreign policy and you can try to support our new Commander in Chief?
I'm worried about Trump's tyranny.
Please John. Stop the damage Trump & crew are doing to our beautiful country. Can Tillerson get Kara-Murza home? Plz Plz Plz
looks like you betrayed your party yellow songbird . The Soros writing is literally on the wall #NORINO'S
You don't start fighting Trump tyranny early, you might end up on Nemtsov's Bridge too Senator. It'll be too late to cry foul
Thank you, Senator. Please tell us why your colleagues won't stand up to DT pro-Putin stance.
Please keep holding this president accountable. Thank you !
Az resident
thank you John!
I think it's wise to have Sen McCains back, even though I disagree w/Devos. Maybe if he, others, see that he'll get more bold
how about you speak up for Senator Warren? You talk big and act small. Vote No on Sessions.
Why did you vote for Betsy Devos? Do you really think she's good for American education?
while you are praising truth tellers, how about some for Elizabeth Warren! You are a hypocrite, sir!
Meanwhile, you are supporting Putin Puppet's agenda.Stand up already and work on behalf of the people. #impeachTrump unstable
I would have thought you would want to leave the same legacy against tyranny #shepersists
unlike you, who talks tough, but then rubber-stamps every insane appointment. What was the price for your integrity?
can you risk yours one more time defying tyranny here at home
not that you owe us any more... you dont but..... ijs  we have our own problems
Thank you for speaking out against Trump's lunacy. Please do more: block these dangerous nominees. @NaFr102
something's wrong with the way Trumps is acting. We don't need Putin for the fight on terror, he's part of the terror.
So why aren't you looking into Russia's involvement with hacking the election?
when are you people going to accept that fact that Russia was NOT the election factor in this country. WE have a brain
Antirussian putin evil
@djrothkopf good to have you back, John.
@Billbrowder come to the right side, Senator McCain, it's now or never. Speak ur mind. Pls, don't disappoint. U can do it!
Interesting words those, truth and justice. I hope you can take US in that direction.
I cannot believe you voted YES on #DeVos today Senator. Where is your integrity? Country before party? You let me down.
what about Anna Politkovskaya who was murdered in front of her apt building about a decade ago by #Putin thugs?
And yet you support a Russian agent in dismantling our public education system. You of all people. So sad for America.
Why bit do something to stand up to the tyranny that has come into office recently? You are the Maverick do what's right
You have risked so much defending our country. Please be a man willing to dispute our President's AG nomination.
Thank you for all you have done for our country Senator McCain.
thank you for standing up today and insisting that Putin is not a hero and morally equal to American leaders.
right now there are a only a few republicans I still respect. You sir are one of them. #keepupthegoodwork
.@SenJohnMcCain @AKimCampbell if only you were as principled as these men. By your actions as of late, you're what's wrong in the Senate.
@POTUS shame on trump for comparing the USA to Russia! Putin is an evil man & so is trump!! #impeachtrump
#subversive #GEORGESORROS paid you and your pal Sen Linsey Grahm.   Its no wonder you are part of the #oppostionparty  #shame
I had so much respect for you Senator until you voted against our children's futures today
Don't pretend to give AF about to his country after you caved to every cabinet pic!
Says the Senator from the Ukraine...supporter of Syrian terrorists
You are such a hypocrite. You should be ashamed of yourself. Get used to Putin's tyranny because you've allowed him in
"in the end we will win, because even when dictators prevail for some time, sooner or later, freedom wins.’"
#ResistTrump
Speaking on behalf of Democracy. I don't always agree w/ McCain, don't understand his confirmation votes.  He is WARNING us of CORRUPTION.
start defying Trump's tyranny. We're headed down the same road.
u should worry more about domestic education.
Your vote for DeVos speaks volume of your character...your lack of.  You were not willing to risk your skin for our children
but you can't stand up to Trump!  I used to respect you!  WTF?!
Same people who got the "supposed POTUS" elected...you know, the guy who called you a "loser"? And you back him?! Sad.
@tedtoake1 you could have helped the American kids today. And now you can't.  Shameful
...Devos is a total joke, but the kids won't be laughing...
I know you're worried enough about this that you'll float every single one of his unqualified nominees through confirmation.
How many republicans R speaking out against tyranny in our beautiful country? None.
@djrothkopf What wld happen if this level of retaliation started happening here? We need 2 nip it in the butt. Impeach fast!
@deejay90192 Too bad you won't stand up to Trump's inglorious cabinet picks
Keep talking the talk and not walking the walk, like you always do.
@deejay90192 You voted for DeVos today. You betrayed American children.
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain @djrothkopf
@djrothkopf great point! But you voted for #DeVos . if Putin contributed to your campaign would you vote for him too?
@djrothkopf best to pass on the juice box when in Russia...
Explain then why so many Republicans starting w/the POTUS are risking theirs and our futures by supporting it.
WHEN R WE GOING TO HAVE SIMILAR LISTS OF AMERICAN REFORMERS KILLED BY TRUMP. WHYD U SERIOUSLY VOTE FOR BETSY DEVOS? Character
Senator McCain, help to impeach Trump.
@JeffersonObama Next up, US school children trying to get an education while defying your unqualified joke of a Secretary.
@JeffersonObama then why are you enabling him by supporting trump?
@JeffersonObama I'm sure they are feeling very betrayed by the US and PotusPutin right now.
@JohnLeguizamo and yet you backed his nominees?
You are one of the few Rep. standing up to this lunatic. Why did you sell out w/ DeVos. Our AZ schools are so bad as it is!
interesting story. Why no mention of how you put America's school kids against the wall today for @BetsyDeVos and $50.6k ??
probably what's in our future with the current president.
Putin is a Dictator and a Killer and he wants Europe !!!
I had hope in you today. You failed me. Did DeVos buy u out too? Shame on you.
and you could have defied the Putin puppet by voting NO on deVos. But you didn't.
@chryslap But you couldn't risk the ire of the party or the president with a "no" vote. You were our last hope, Senator.
Too bad you're supporting Tyranny by supporting the new administration. American People mean nothing to you
If there was an justice, Putin would meet with an unfortunate fatal accident.
@Billbrowder yet you support a treasonous president because he is a republican. Very sad
and you just voted for an incompetent Christian supremacist for education secretary
He risked his life, YOU threw our education system in the toilet.
Gaslight
Newsflash. John McCain utters world's most ironic statement.  Why don't YOU defy YOUR dictator and the tyranny right here????
big deal you just sold out your states kids with DeVos
PLEASE make us understand why you voted for Devos.  You voting for Sessions
Please!!!!!! Explain why you voted for Betsy Devos
But nothing for childrens education?  sad
You guys need to investigate and uncover Trump and Flynn ties with RUSSIA.  Why is this not national security issue #1???
don't let him suffer in vain go after Putin
And when do Trump/Bannon's enemies start being dispatched similarly? You fight with the same tyranny you speak against.
@JohnLeguizamo I thought you and Senator Graham would be the ones to say no to those nominee's who are corrupt. No  faith
& yet, you wouldnt risk a vote against DeVos? shame. W/o quality ed, how will todays youth learn about these men you praise?
@JohnLeguizamo I'm disappointed in you Senator McCain  for not taking a moral stand against Betsy DeVos
Can you and the @GOP do the same? Asking for my son.
You said Yeltzin on Greta today.  I was kind of taken aback.
how could you. Our children's futures are at stake but I guess you had to "pay back" those campaign contributions. #SellOut
thank you #impeach Putin's #moralequivalent @REAldonaldtrump for #TREASON too many are dying!
Let us know if Kremlin asks you for an apology as it asked of Bill O'Reilly and Fox "News" @SenJohnMcCain

a reminder: the guy sitting in white house is a present from Putin. Do you have a plan to do something about it?
Senator. With respect, WHY are you/we not investigating the Trump & Putin connection? This is Heresy!
SenJohnMcCain =loser
pls don't project. You were captured then & again captured now. Like this morning, bow down to Presidents Trump and Bannon!
And we will risk our lives defying yours and Trump's.
Our GOP only cares about guns and money. Embarrassed to be an American. 
#shameful
@fundthepension 
@TrentonOB56 
@weezie
and then you vote for DeVos?
Didn't you just vote yes for Russian DeVos?
So why do you continue to knuckle under to #PutinsPuppet @realDonaldTrump ? He was aided by, praises & emulates Putin. Shame.
The question: When will @SenJohnMcCain start 2 make his presence felt & stop being a #yesman 2 @POTUS who refuses 2 show us his #TaxReturns
You fought in Nam. You survived POW. Don't cave to partisan politics. Be a hero one more time.  End this coup. Please.
CrocodileTears4 @georgesoros Agents! NeverA Word FromMcCain4 @RogerJStoneJr ! @cnni @ap @PRNewswire @TeamTrumpRussia @foxnews
This is fake just like you traitor
then investigate Russian ties and find out why they tried to kill him again. Talk is cheap.
you what is happening in #PresidentBannon administration. History will remember if you fought or sold out. Do better.
.@SenJohnMcCain Which is why you voted for Tillerson right? Cause a guy who gets a "friendship" award from a tyrant is A-ok in your book.
Thank you for speaking out. You are, and will always be, a hero to me, sir.
And yet you play along.
Mccain Russian best friend
Thank You!
you should be really mad, you got stiffed by DeVo$.  Rubio got $100K to sell his vote and you only received $50K
there is a lot of respect that has been lost, pitty! @ChrisCuomo
Yet you support a pro-Russia regime in @POTUS.  To quote him, "Sad."
Too bad our children won't learn this, since DeVos has been confirmed. You are dismissed, thanks for playing.
but your going to support TRUMPS? #ibelievedyouwereforthrPEOPLE
are you going to let Putin complete takeover of the WH?  Jeff Sessions is part of this Russian plot.  Stop him being AG!
Senator -what is the President doing to this country? Why is he siding with tyrants whom he compares favorably to the the US?
why ? Putin is YOUR president's friend. DeVos lover
too bad you don't have the integrity and courage to defy Trump now
but you did not stand up for education
litvinenko doesn't belong in this list, he was a defector, a Russian spy that went rogue ... hardly an accomplishment
Just imagine how quickly this will begin happening here in the USA with Trump's tyranny!!!!   So much fun to come!!!
thank you sir for being a man of integrity that will speak out on what Putin really is. Why are most other republicans silent
I really want to understand. Please explain why you voted YES on DeVos?  Why didn't you stand up to the  #BananaRepublic ?
I can see how you'd vote for DeVos, given who you picked as your running mate. You really opened the door to the clown car.
So why doesn't Congress DO something about Russia instead of just talk.  Come on, John!
you're a coward. You showed your true colors today when you voted yes to DeVos.
Had your chance to be a stand-up guy.  Blew it.  Move on...and out.  DeVos is pathetic and you know it!
Are you even sure of your facts anymore?
thanks for voting to destroy the education system. Good job hero
But you were still bribed to appoint someone who will damage the lives of millions of children. Good days work John.
Putin is a killer. Trump?
so very disappointed in you today.  
while you stand by a POTUS who admires Putin
WHERE IS THE INVESTIGATION OF PUTIN?
Where's your fellow Republicans in questioning Trump's allegiances to our Constitution, Democracy and Country?? Silent!
All you have to do is stand up to Trump.  Please start doing that. You know what's the right thing to do.
that too many to close eyes on it
you have my back 100% on your tireless quest to help our @POTUS understand who this thug n murder #VladimirPutin really is.
He risked his life to defy Putin and you wouldn't even risk some measly donations to defend our children's education. Shame!
you could have done something big for the children of this country but you chose your Party over Country sad
