u know this was Obama's raid. I despise u above all. To have been burned by The Fire & still do evil.
This is fucking trumps  fault  his administration  his fucking problem.
everything that happened bad during Obama though. Your a joke !
like I said something else haha
Let's  not forget the real reason you hate Obama.
cause I'm "racist" these tactics are making your party crumble
Well I was gonna say because his dick is bigger than yours!!!
but I guess when you can't call someone a rascist you gotta go after his dick hah
You should be ashamed !!!
nothing is a success? Or when you lose equiptment. What a joke. Should have left you as a POW
your digusting John McCain truelly disgusting
if I was you mccain I would be disgusted deep down inside the lack you do for your own veterans!!! Yet protect illegals
also found it funny you said the mission wasn't a success when you didn't know anything about it. Guess whenever someone dies
and zero effort to help the VA in arizona. Get back to working for the people not speaking out your ass
mccain. Your the biggest joke not only in the Republican party right now but in govt as a whole. Too much bs talk not enough
BRAVO!!!!!!!!!  Trump needs to know this. YOU are real GOP. Trump is a dangerous hybrid. Stay strong.#TrumpPutins Puppet.
hybrid of Republicans and democrats.....sooo dangerous hahahha
there's a rumor going around #PresidentBanon / Trump is planning on giving #Putin the medal of freedom & the key to the WH
Arizona is proud! American hero and bipartisan. First fights #russianhacking and now stands up on the #yemenraid
Do you know that over 50,000,000 preborn babies have been murdered? That's evil. Are you defending that? Putin bad?
thank you for your independence of mind and standing against tyranny/strong men worldwide, even those in our great land.
Trump can't even talk to Putin as he's Killer but you can support ISIS & Muslin Brotherhood BOTH CONSIDERED TERRORIST GROUPS
Thank you Sen. McCain for rejecting the despicable "moral equivalence" statement   Please fight to get Bannon off NSC.
amazing how Mc Cain remained practically silent on Putin during Obama reign! Now wants to pick a fight instead of diplomacy!
you- on the other hand- a traitor
I am ashamed you are a senator, you need to support our President.  Whether you like him we elected him
Mr.McCain, I am a democrate, I don't see eye to eye with some polices, but have always admired you. Please stand your ground
bullcrap, another non-system oppositioner, worthless, done nothing for Russia.
would be nice to read about folks in the US who held the best qualities in leadership too. even when there are head winds.
Ever notice how @SenJohnMcCain cares more about someone in Russia than he does your family? He's a warmongering little man.
.that's great.
But the President likes Putin! He just doesn't know if he will get along with him or not! If he does, we're good, right? Lol.
I didn't hear him say America is " morally equivalent to Russia ".  What are you trying to do?? I so regret voting for you.
word on the street is that he's in soros pockets but how do we know what to believe?
John McCain is probably deepthroating Obama right now
traitor
Thank you 
ахахахаха))) известный наркоман перебрал с дозой и загремел второй раз в больницу)))))
понятно же что по личному приказу Путина и КГБ он стал наркоманом. При Ельцине такого не было.
Agreed 
Senator, Continue to push the FBI to actually analyze and report on the Russian Dossier.
Maybe you should keep quite. You chiming in makes me start to doubt it.
US govt is falling apart but you give all this attn to Kara-Murza - who is now fine. Agenda much?
How much did Soros pay you?
I have disagreed with you on policy, but I have always had the utmost respect for you. Please do the right thing. Impeach DT
do u think big bad John can just impeach with magic. Impeach is a big word POTUS has done nothing for the like
You need one person to lead the charge. Trump hasn't been caught - we are 1 mo. in. Let's revisit in a year
and you support fake news stations like #CNN? No wonder you supported the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. Just turn left already
this message shows that U don't know a bit about Kara-Murza)
And you voted yes on Tillerson, to make Putin & his mafia richer! Time to put country before party! #ShameOnRepublicans
Why is Putin not considered a terrorist? Why is our government doing business with terrorists?
You're really listening to CNN???  Traitor
Thank you for speaking out. Your voice is important. Please do not stop. @NaFr102
"It's a dangerous vocation to oppose Putin" We should all take note. The claim of "nonsense" rings familiar. Keep at it Sir!
Doctors state there was never any poison the whole claim is a lie http://www.thepeoplesvoice.org/TPV3/Voices.php/2015/05/31/relentless-putin-bashing …
his doctors stated there is no poison, was never any poison the guy made the same claim years ago Putin isn't dumb
You might as well be a democrat.
.@SenJohnMcCain Get on board with Trump!
I believe you just described our President Trump. He is fighting 4 ALL patriotic Americans then he has 2 listen 2 u on MSNBC
Thank you John for being the lone Republican leader in Washington willing to call out Trump on being an apologist for Putin
@HrunMorgov what's courage? Debil, blin (Lavrov)
Let's hope you're the next target, because terrorist supporters are the worst scums.
Thank you for standing up to Trump (Donny Dictator).
ухахахаха))) прав был Задорнов)))
наверное хочет сделать его ,президентом США.
только в Гондурасе! Хотя... за что это бедным гондурасцам?
Kara-Murray stands up to known murderer Putin, but yet you   don't have the courage to vote your convictions or oppose Trump.
.John McCain @SenJohnMcCain Why not mention CIA, Kennedy's, Clinton's & Obama in UR group ,I'm sure they were behind killings N some manner.
For God's sake help us!  Stand up to Trump or OWN IT.  #TalkIsCheap
You sold out so don't act like you care. #TalkIsCheap
Thx 4 standing up 4 what's right instead of going along with the @GOP herd who says nothing about #POTUS inappropriateness
is Obama/Soros holdover and obstructing our @POTUS because that's what's he's paid to do NOT a representative of the people!
All Russian opposition are paid by Gorge soros who is also your puppet master!
Russians who oppose putin are agents of  Gorge soros your puppet master and should face justice.
Christmas vist to Ukraine and death of many now. Offering their blood to devil?
THANK YOU FOR SERVING OUR COUNTRY AND FOR BEING OUR VOICE
You must be stopped going to the middle east and organising terriosm against America and Europe.
& you voted for Sessions & DeVos? U and yor rep team is creating Putin 2.
guess that should be ARR creating!
Never spoke about work and health only about Russia. Puppet of Gorge soros.
The people demand a full investigation of Trump's Russian connections! #impeach
please gather your Rep colleagues 2stand up to TrumpHe is a 2nd Putin. Cant believe the Rep r falling in line w this dictator
You never listen to people who voted for you. U  need medical help to come out of your russophobia.
thank u 4 being a true leader. So few of u supporting us by telling the truth U r so brave 2 stand up 2 the lies thank u.
He is a puppet of Gorge soros. Traitor!
I'd like to say the same of you, but you are discouraging me. Yes to DeVos, Yes to Sessions, and Yes to silencing a female.
To say disheartened and demoralizing is Anti American
Pls report on Seth Rich brutally gunned down after the DNC leaks!
McCain was disrespectful by talking nonsense about a mission that lost one of its finest!!! Infuriating.
Is deporting Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos best for USA? Here since kid, works, has 2 kids.  Can we focus on the "bad dudes."
so they try to kill him, then take him to a hospital and he gets better???  They should call the CIA to ask how its done.
I think showing the world that we have a president who is clearly anti American is far more important
You have nothing but empty words for the people of the United States.
why do you continue to support DT in ALL cabinet choices when America needs u right now? Stand up 4 us!
have you voted to confirm DeVos? Sessions? WHY? Have U no moral compass? U say things and do the opposite A DJT clone F'n SAD
u are a traitor a embarrassment to Ur party n Ur country...Shameful
Thx for you service. However, you are and have been for some time out of touch. Be honorable and resign. You're embarrasement
he was fucking poisoned.....again by trump's cozy playmate, putin.
thank you for your thoughtful/strong response to Trump and Spicer on Yemen raid.

Personal curiosity... how much does it cost to print up that large of a picture?
criticizing the Yemen operation saying it was unsuccessful is demoralizing to our brace men and woman who serve! Shameful!
Remember when you had those qualities? Golly, been decades, huh? Now you're a words-only, party hack. A toast to honor lost..
pig
did you see 45's latest tweet? Good thing you are supporting him eh?
Russians must pick their own leaders.  We cannot police the world.  Stop the rhetoric.  Words matter.
you and others need to discuss sensitive issues with the president in private.  Stop this public bashing.
Quit talking shit and actually vote like you talk..I am sick of the lot of you #bullshit
stop it.  It does no good to label leaders no matter how bad.  What is the goal?  More wars?
John.  Youre far too decorated to allow a draft dodger destroy your legacy.  Fight back already.
why are trying to send American troops to their death by creating WW3. you are wrong and should be in jail.
if anyone knows true definition of failure it's U Where were you when Owen's body was received. U R proof we need #termlimits
You're obsessed with this Russia crap. Where was @SenJohnMcCain, when Hillary sold URANIUM to Putin?
sir, wth are you doing. Stop fighting president. Your comments border on traitorous.  What, navy seal death in vain?
negative comments about military actions not helpful or appreciated
Senator: stop talking against Trump administration. Your motive is wrong. Self-serving political motives. WRONG!! STOP!!!
how can The Senator turn his back on the Navy Seal that gave the ultimate sacrifice for our Country Worried about an airplane
Great speech, Sir. There is no possible comparison
Losing Republicsn supporters.
Extremely sorry to hear Murray only has a 5% chance of making it. Republican Party MUST end the Trump courtship w/ Putin
#fakenews spreading again ? 
Why is #twitter not blocking this as #fakenews , fact & baseless like Goldenshower McCain RT
CNN???  Proven to be a fake news channel.  Did you find those WMD's yet???
Instead of changing pictures of Russian traitors go back to the aged care facility to have your diaper changed.
Isn't POTUS Trump glorifying Putin and his disdain for News media something that worries you Senator? Apples and apples
Pls use your Integrity & contacts to shunt POTUS Trump and Bannon from the White House. They are beginning to act like Putin.
Resist! You are HUMAN FIRST, American second, republican last!
Thank you Senator McCain for continuing to have the courage and honesty to speak out. I am proud of you and thankful to you.
glad u spoke out about Yemen.trump is war monger & trying to create fear.Losing seal & civilians reckless not worth it!
They should have left you in  Vietnam
Foreign policy, . With respect to AZ though, you continue to make poor decisions that hurt us. AZ deserves better.
- you should switch party affiliation since you been whining worsr than @SenWarren. PLEASE RETIRE! we need fresh ideas
@Morning_Joe This is what Trump would do to his critics.
Everybody knows Putin is a killer without hesitating except Kook.
I love you John Mc Cain and I'm a Democrat  
I'll pick a fight with you. Your votes were as poor as trumps vision as a commander in chief. SHAME. SHAME. Kevin Baron SHAME
YOUR A KILLER! SENILE OLD MAN!
and yet you voted in Putin's good friend Jeff Sessions. Thanks McCain.
Disappointed that you voted for racist Jeff Sessions as AG. Thought you were smarter than that.
as a leader for this country- how are you letting your republican colleagues get away with this #letlizspeak
you voted for a racist today. I can't believe anything to say anymore. You have outstayed your welcome in DC.
why do you care more about this than  DeVos or Sessions?
Standing by a president elected in a fair election is not kissing ass it's doing the job of your constituents.
trying 2 believe u still love this country as much as we do @SenJohnMcCain redeem yourself & start aligning yourself with what's right
thank you for speaking out for Vladimir. Now speak out for America. Against the demagogue sitting in the WH.
Don't stop this Senator.  Stand up every day and show this regime for what it is.
Thank you for being a voice of Reason and not partisan anger.  Many Americans fear the autocracy forced upon us
seems both sides are complying about you. Hmmm
Donation records show #Soros funded John McCain
why did you vote for DeVos & Sessions?  Really,  please explain.

.@justdreamin91 @SorenJnaii1 Absolutely

Here is the #StarfleetVerified script for the #PriceIsWrong phone call

…
@Jean_ie step up USA needs you now and yet you fall in line when told to what they r doing is wrong on so many levels.
and you are letting a lot of people down
"single most irritating thing" "special treatment" Words of your AG about children with disabilities. #resist
thank you for speaking up on this.
patriotism would also be voting #NoBetsyDevos #nosessions
Sir, I'm a Democrat, and I would like to thank you for being an honest, honorable voice of reason for America. #EveryAmerican
sir, Trump is telling you that he too is a killer
then why are you supporting trump snd his cronies.
Your recent speech about Kara-Murza and Nemtsov along with moral relativism was much needed. Thank you for it.
@navalny stay strong, you will prevail.
The Manchurian Candidate has Spoken !  No praise for your countrymen?
you really should be a dem
how can you protect America from a Soviet puppet President?
thanks for fueling the opposition to your unconstitutional acts with trump. We're angry and well going vote ur friends out
@CaseyHinds Unlike all of our GOP Senators. Green lighting all of his nominees not patriotic.
can't believe anything u say when u ratify unqualified cabinet picks. Have u no shame no caring for public school kids?
U dishonor your friend if you do not act. Trump undermines judiciary, conflicts of interest, horrid appointees, Russian ties
you are unscrupulous and hypocritical. You say u care about USA then approve unqualified devos racist sessions anti envirprut
Where is your courage?! Confirming Sessions and DeVos, you have no integrity
u vote for AG
Well said now it up to you step up w/same qualities and defy this so called president
I have no idea how you can speak out against #Putin yet kiss DT's ass. Please explain
NUCLEAR WAR Kool-Aid! All UCanDrink Sponsor: @georgesoros ! @cnn @nato @LitdelNATO @LV_NATO @USArmyEurope @USArmy @USNavy @ap
Well the WH admires the great leader that kills his opponents, after all we aren't innocent #comradeTrump
we have as a country killed our opponents too when they didn't go with our agenda. Reality goes a long way
When will you stand up to Trumpism  you need to be the example #2018resist
does #soros pay you in gold
When will you confront your pres on this issue. Start by doing a fair investigation. I am not holding my breath
get this CNN fake news off my twitter feed
