Mr. Magoo needs to retire. Thank you for your military service; your political one? not so much
it appears the situation is getting more volatile (ie "bad hombres" threat). What will you do to stop this madness?
Nieto will be out soon. Trying to bolster his image.DOn't fall for his tough talk. Clueless.
please save our country trump is not fit  I voted for you I consider you a patriotic man
McCain the RINO I've seen a lot of comments from your loyal liberal followers. What a sell out !
thanks for the party support mccain @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
sick of Mexico dictating how many of their people we must take and on what terms,that's over,and so are the terrible
BS!!! TRUMP KNOWS WELL WHAT IS NEEDED---YOU DONT
Does Trump get along w any world leaders...except one?
I often now find myself rooting for foreign leaders that have to deal with Trump.
Trump is going to ruin GOP, the core won't stand for this, or Congress or states supporting his deranged views
John McCain is liberal And needs to be voted out.
stay out of it JM, stop undermining the POTUS about paying for wall, stay out of it and let him do his job
80% of heinous crime in Phoenix is due to illegal Mexicans in Phoenix. 90% is against other Hispanics.
Maybe Vietnam songbirds should read something patriotic and not the WSJ, Huff P, or NYT.
If you and Trump have issues fine whip em out and measure in private not out Here!! We do not regret Sending Trump to WA  Quit where u 
The MAJORITY of the Country does not support dictator tRump. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a #Patriot
That was then, this is now.
He undermines himself. He makes fools out of us to the world. Really wish it were different w @POTUS
Really?   Who's the winner all the time?  @ForTrump
polls show majority of Americans want Mexico to pay for at least some of the wall.  Please support our President!
FYI Americans stand with @realDonaldTrump
Just a minority- most Americans do not
Wall needs to be built, the tariff is legitimate. Mx refuses to talk, I expect Trump to continue. McCain, get on board.
Please impeach him!!!!!!!
why are we destroying our relationship w Mexico? BC of Trump' machismo??
terms we excepted or negotiated for the US in NAFTA
Flood of illegals into Arizona, make low income blue collar poorer.  60% of Hispanics in AZ support border enforcement.
thanks for nothing, as usual.
you fight harder  than anyone I have ever seen against someone trying to protect the USA
Oh, and just how would you make out with him, our big hero?
Trump is going to alienate all of our allies while continuing to support Putin, our enemy! Why? He will cause a war.
finally someone willing 2 call out the corrupt Mexican government U would never have the balls 2 do it
#Trump says he wants wall built to keep drugs out.I don't get it.The drugs are bein made and grown in the USA legally.
thank you for showing backbone and courage in opposing the things that are wrong!
- keep up the great work, and please continue to oppose Trump!  This is not what the Republican Party should look like.
President Trump is correct. John McCain couldn't even win against Obama
Rep u sure your a Republican
Nieto has a 12% approval rating. His people are sick of his corruption. Why don't you concern yourself with that instead of defending NAFTA?
COM ON ITS JUST STARTING..WILL NOT BE OVER TILL ITS OVER  CHECK SIX PLEASE!!  REPUBLICANS TIGHTEN UP!!
Maybe Mexican leaders should do more to make Mexico Great Again
I have it on good authority that @realDonaldTrump has taken to calling tacos, "Freedom Foldies."
The Wall Street Journal is "fake news!"
Well Trump won that one handily! Quit Fear-mongering Soros-oops I mean mccain ha! It couldn't be clearer that you are working with the Dems
He needs to retire. Nonproductive
Stop siding with foreign countries. It's unpatriotic. Get on board with your president. Traitor tactics.
Mexico needs us more than we need their drugs, criminals .. build the WALL
Senator instead tell how you you world solv 60 billion trade deficit with mexico do soemthing for you wage.
Mr McCain, please stop adding to the inefficient stalling in Congress. We elected you to do a job! Start doing it!
NO YOU MCAIN DO NOT UNDERSTAND-YOU ARE OUT TO DESTROY-IT IS OBVIOUS-GET AGRIP
thank you Sen. McCain for being who you are. I'm a DEM but can't deny that you are a reasonable and principled man.
McCain failed to understand why Trump was elected, and how we the people are pissed at you the RINO
What purpose 2 insult & berate Mexico? DJT could have gotten what he wanted & more coming from a place of respect! SAD!
DJT's desire 2 insult Mexico & make them an enemy is pathologic & has irreparably damaged trade w/ them. IMPEACHABLE!
Mr Trump is an embarrassment to our nation. Please oppose his Facist agenda, but support ideas that help the USA
We love you McCain, the USA would be a lot better if you were elected in 2008!!!!

We must tighten loopholes in the Visa Waiver prgm, ensure passports can’t be faked & stop terrorists who want to exploit the system.
I hope you don't just follow along with all this party nonsense and use your votes to stop this maniac
hey John....Buddy....Your embarrassing yourself and the people of Arizona....Just go away quietly ...Very quietly.
Yesterday's solutions didn't work yesterday, so stop with the same old bs rhetoric. It's past time for America first
Show solidarity with #POTUS or you'll be voted out come next election @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
Don't be jealous; be supportive if you like winning; either way we win without you.
The wall keeps getting higher; Mexico will pay for the wall one way or another; WE WIN w/best POTUS ever!
#ImpeachTrump
have faith in the art of the deal!  I think JMC should handle his own borders for his citizens Off road travel unsafe!
SENATOR- Please vote NO to TOM PRICE. TY
SENATOR- Please vote NO to REX TILLERSON. TY
SENATOR- Please vote NO to STEVE MNUCHIN. TY
Trump doesnt understand any world politics,, world leaders, etc, etc. So ignorant, so uncaring, so narcissistic!
please help stop this administration.  Firing of attorney general?!??!
It's about damn time someone in DC stood up to Mexico. They're sending everyone to our damn border. Trade deficit!!
SENATOR- Please vote NO to Jeff SESSIONS. TY
SENATOR- Please vote NO to Betsy DEVOS. TY
media and politicians we can trust!
Sen McCain - can't you LG, LM and a few others form an independent caucus to deny Trump control of  Senate?
Please read. We are terrified.
You should not be surprised at pace of admin's destruction. You should be thinking many steps ahead, which means thinking fast, acting now.
Thank you Senator. You are a true patriot standing up for what this country is all about! Bring the real GOP back!
When is McCain going to go away. You are a pathetic example of corrupt politican
McCain you are a traitor
time to call for POTUS to resign. He's lost it #StandUpToTrump #StopPresidentBannon
stand up against Trump and tea party. I want the republican party back. I have hope with you
Enjoying your must read articles. You are a voice of reason. Thank you.
@RepPeterDeFazio @RonWyden Hold some kind of moratorium on all Trump appointments!
Trump and Bannon are dangerous.  They need to be stopped.
It's time to get going on your job and get Senator Sessions confirmed let's go get it done
you should be Ashamed of your actions against President Trump !!!
You're a US Senator offering a Wall Street Journal article? 
Antagonists McCain Mexican President is dangerously corrrupt n Immagration needs to be fixed NOW
Please, we beg you to stop the insane person in the Whitehouse. This democracy is at stake.
I disagree with you on many things but I respect and laud your commitment to your beliefs while under siege from PresBannon
John, you need to get on board with President Trumps agenda!
please protect from altright Bannon and altfacts.
Please stand up to Trump.  He is dangerous.   It's time for republicans to actually HELP america.
PLEASE HELP US! Our country is being taken over by Bannon! Please stop this before it is too late! HELP!!
Mr McCain. Time to get on the trump train or park your bus.
You are a poster child for term limits. Please retire.
WHY ARE YOU NOT TAKING ACTION?!? #impeachTrumpnow #MuslimBan
I bet you will not get re-elected.
You need to do your job we did not elect you to always belittle our POTUS you had your chance and failed miserably!
one thing that we all DO UNDERSTAND, McCain, is that you are a traitor and a lover of war. No more creditability 4 you
American ppl chose Trump & he won. Don't even think about undermining the president.
Please continue to stand up to @realDonaldTrump . I'm liberal, but I believe there's a few good @GOP left. Just a few.
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ what's your real hidden agenda? You need to support our President and keep America safe!
More Propaganda John! Get back to work helping your President and all of us who voted for him! When you dis him, you dis us!
never thought I would say this, but I LOVE JOHN McCAIN!
How can you continue to support the choices made by this administration? Do you agree with allowing Bannon on the NSC?
ashamed I gave u my vote in 2008
We The Ppl r going to sign a petitionto have u unseated.We r sick of ur demo ways ur a representative usTime to dethrone
"songbird" u shld go away u hag  #termlimits  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump god bless america and our commander in chief 
you really should retire it looks like you can't keep up to Trump
We, the Patriots of this Great Nation - stand with our President @realDonaldTrump ! Eff off, McCain - traitor to USA!
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump. Regardless of who said what swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor..
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump. Regardless of who said what swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor.
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump. Regardless  of who said what swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump. Regardless of who said what swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor
You are a pitiful little man that's so jealous of @realDonaldTrump, you don't know up from down.
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump. Regardless of who said what, swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor
I, for one am glad we have a non politician that has balls to show the we will not be taken advantage of.
keep the articles you believe tell the truth - we Americans need to educate ourself on what the "real" news is
WHO EXACTLY DO YOU REPRESENT USA OR MEXICO, OR POTETIAL TERRORIST YOUR A EMBARRASSMENT WAS TRUMP RIGHT ABOUT YOU JOHN???
where was all this anger when Obama did the things he did, silence from U and Graham.So keep silent now.
what I'd give to be a fly on the wall when NAFTA gets renegotiated
Sad you cannot support president and are so negative

It's terrifying. What are we to do as America's?
thank you for all you're doing, Senator McCain. As if your country hasn't asked enough of you already.
Thank you for having the intelligence and courage to stand against the insanity. If only your colleagues would do the same...
no sane American stand with Hitler Reincarnated aka Donnie Trump. to you for standing up for the majority of the World
#boycotttesla #deleteuber Hit em where it hurts - their pockets!!!! Cancel #Model3 reservations !!!!!!
How about some attention to confirmation hearings and votes.
it's wrong, it's all wrong. Mr. McCain, retweeting articles against Trump is not taking action. Please do what's right.
What's wrong 894/899, afraid your favorite resorts will have to hire American and pay fair wages?
AZ supports McCain!! He represents AZ not DT!!!
Mexico needs us more, without us their in trouble, man up! Stop bugging missing every country we deal with
Bravo Sen McCain! Actual article. Credible news source. Reasoned argument. Leading by example!
What will you guys do to stop This madness? We will be watching and paying close attention to how you respond
omg! Why would you bring light to a negative against us! Whats wrong with you!? SHAME SHAME  #Support our President!
A majority of the country does not want trump or bannon. We are done with the bully in our White House.
Stay tough Johnny.
@SenJohnMcCain  Very good article. Now if we can only get the pres. to read it. Oh and by the way, stop trying to start WWIII???
Why are you re-tweeting this to us? DO SOMETHING! #NoTillerson too! Election 2018 - we WILL remember!
"Radical Departure" Are you joking! This is CRAZY Sen McCain! You need to STEP THE HELL UP NOW! Bannon must go!
Go away!  You had your chance to be President!
U R either blind or without knowledge re Mexico n its corruption
Must read John McCain and the old party demise
Senator what is it that you are trying to accomplish? Way more harsh and sabotaged Trump,but pretty quiet on BHO and HRC
Sen' @SenJohnMcCain U R really caught up in yourself n a position that people have given for u work@realDonaldTrump
please stop attacking our Pres. Get on board and do your job to help him keep us safe. You've been within Beltway too long
Great article! Thx McCain 4 not letting Trump's incompetence ruin the Econ. #maverick
The increasingly irrelevant Angry Little RINOs .@SenJohnMcCain & Lindsey Graham need to realize they will never be .@POTUS. Please go away!
The New POTUS is spitting all over the constitution everyday. He threatens our safety, and our freedom, and you know it!
You might be our only hope to save this great democracy. You swore to defend the constitution- Please, do your job!
Until you do more then talk. 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
One adversary he fails to understand? Is there one adversary he understands? If he cares
wait 'till he pisses off the Chinese. They have a bigger stick than him and I hope they beat him with it.
Thank you for being sane....I'm hoping some more colleagues will join you.
Obama put the US government's wars and in war funds industry and to kill. Not worth the praise.
two words: term limits.
disgusted with you and lindsey
thank you Senator we do not stand with @realDonaldTrump we are the majority
@POTUS WHY Can't this POTUS understand that we cannot live on an island?
XPOSED-LyinFRAUDSTER Entire Narcissistic Life! Ross Perot HATES Him! @teamtrump @WSJ @greta @drudgeheadlines #maga @FoxNews
XPOSED-LyinFRAUDSTER Entire Narcissistic Life! NancyReagan HATED Him! @teamtrump @WSJ @greta @drudgeheadlines #maga @FoxNews
please stand with our President!
thank you for standing up against @realDonaldTrump. Hope other @GOP leaders have the courage to follow in your footsteps.
we stand with @realDonaldTrump . You and the other RINOS were rejected by the people. Sad!
Who think is going win John and @ wsj
help us Senator no more trump
ru testing the waters? stand up to Trump/Bannon and #resist Sincerely, a republican from az border town
you love insulting-media hopping insulting foreign leaders peers? check yourself shutup be competent for once do the job
DO something mccain. what are you doing? promised to heavily consider noms and then voted yea 4 rex? what are you doing?
PLEASE CONTINUE TO STAND UP TO TRUMP! The USA needs sane Republicans to stop this psycho!  Stay strong.  #resist!
Maybe should wall all but Arizona? You can have a boatload no coyoteload of constituents. Join ObamaCare yet?  Only 100%
