please start impeachment proceedings against Pres Trump. He is putting us in danger.
snow flakes melt when u apply heat,that's York we never bring a snowball to a glob terrorist threat
heh?
congress has not backed the military morally or monetary in the past 8 years how do u expect US to win with no support?
what? More than half the federal budget goes to the DoD. Non discretionary funding is over a trillion . GTFOH
I might agree on Obama paying off other countries but equip was going bad, tanks, old, dead batteries no gas etc..
in fraud, waste, and abuse. They also spent over a trillion on the terrible F-35
send the link 2 report & the F35 I just heard Pres Trump negotiating $ he met with airplane manuf's recently
that money for the. F-35 has already even spent. I'll send you the link a of the trillion dollar mismanagement soon
you cannot blame current admin for what Obama's Admin. wasted not to mention, McCain has been apart of it 4 years
mismanaged under McCain
with all due respect i am DEM but you are one of our great honorable heroes of our time Pres comments R wrong disrespectful
Why? A hero for being shot down? No, he's a flag waving interventionist simpleton. Nothing more.
Blah, blah. Bonerlanders trying to run the world, screwing it up royally. As always. So, buzz off, spare me the US indignation.
Fantastically intellectual and witty comeback. But, hey, it's all you've got.
I'd be crying too if I were you. Quit while you're behind.
it's time to grow up and support the country and the POTUS or change parties.
some patriot you are. Cut one of the most honorable Senators in US history because he disagrees? Evil.
remains to be seen.....
Can we save America first please?  Everybody I know is poor or struggling.  Let's cut bait and save ourselves first. Please!
John McCain you was once a  hero.  Now you are part of the swamp. America is ashamed of you.
RUSSIA AND NOW THE USA CAN NOT WIN????
Our kids are dying.Nobody has ever 'won' there. Why don't we learn from history? The Brits & Russians left in defeat. OUT!

Do you know that over 50,000,000 preborn babies have been murdered? That's evil. Are you defending that? Putin bad?
So, what do you recommend?
Thank God he is not!!
I consider McCain a Benedict Arnold
It is no secret we are losing the war. We can thank Obama for that
well, someone's winning, according to their bank accounts.
Trump need a mental evaluation! He seriously needs help.
Are you a doctor or just play one on twitter?
Since you are all set financially, it may not matter to you, this tax "bill". It matters to most Americans and you are on the wrong side of history, and that hurts my heart. Please, reconsider FORCING us to pay for the ultra rich. Please, reconsider. Blessed Be
why don't you do something? All you do is whine sorry I voted for you
Take off the handcuffs and let the Generals take care of business or get out. It’s looking like Viet Nam
Obama created a shadow government. Soros is supporting it. Protesters are paid and disbursed for dishonest news.
Where's the rest of the video? My husb served with OIF/OEF deploymnts. THIS does not tell he story. Playing politics :(
Always causing trouble
Did you ask if those poppy fields need more American troops so Wall Street banks can keep laundering the drug proceeds
- Offer help 2 our Prez!  Us 'hobbits' finally have a voice in our government!! Stop trying 2 be relevant
@ReaganBattalion also the fact that you retweet mccain and hate Flynn are even more suspicious than you already are
He is a self indulgent political hack that has been lining his pockets with the peoples money. Trump gave up a lot for us.
If we were #Winning we wouldn't have been there more than a decade.
But under so-called president Trump "you're gonna win so much that you're gonna get tired of winning!"
Whether you agree or disagree with him, John McCain is man of his word & a bastion of American integrity.
he's a democrat. But runs as a republican. True to his word?
You had your chance and lost. That should say a lot. Media said you were a jerk so they must be right, you said so. Shut up!
You think the left media is honest.. Thy said a lot of bad things about you. So if they are right you've got to be wrong
Trump has done more good in 3 weeks than Obama (BO) did in 8 very long years! Support our President!
maybe it's due to the President's dangerous retoric. Our alies can't depend on us and our foes can't trust our word. #shame
our new president will get us all killed if no one stands up to him
Senator, fight in Afgh
Is lost. Afgh will be lost if change in policy is not considered.  NUG has failed. New vision needed
@potus @loudobbs @aliseraj1 @senjohnmccain McCain doesn't understand #afghanistan nor trusts historic lessons learned by former USSR. #MAGA
thank god you are in government . As a registered republican who hates trump, we need you more then ever
Daddy issues?
Stale mate?  Not good enough!
keep that war machine humming at all cost to life right?
don't worry we will before to long. Hit them hard and bring the troops home
why are they not talking too general Mathis or general Kelly?
If we judged a successful military mission by Sen McCain's standards they were all failure cuz someone always died.
please retire McCain, your getting old and your thinking has diminished to a liberal all time low, time to go.
your obvious disdain 4TRUMP duly noted..USA will reject your next campaign.monies &votes allocation to TRUMP endorsement
You have done NOTHING for last 8 yrs. and now you open your mouth?What is wrong with you?
What exactly is the objective. Can you even quantify "winning" in Afghanistan? Has anyone, EVER? Define it or get out.
Thank you for talking about Afghanistan. My Marine son tells me that almost everything he did there in 2010 is undone.

And who's fault is that? You've been part of the Washington swamp for ages. Please RETIRE
WHY DO HATE TRUMP SO MUCH? What did you do to for our Veterans anyway??? Tell them your a POW?
How would McCain know what winning is? Or bravery? Vietnam vets remember. Songbird McCain.
that's a not winning in any language.
If you ask again in 10 years it will be the same. Land war in Asia? Not good idea.
Shame on You McCain! Trying to drag our Country in a War. PEACE for America!
Arizona, do America a favor, remove this unhinged Senator, all he wants to put America on WWIII with Russia.
3 Times Loser
Oh and another question:  When ru going to stop lying to urself & the American people and finally come out as a democrat!!??
here's a question:  was D Day a success because a lot of lives were lost... what's your take McCain?
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain mccain,what's next?you going to start sharing military plans online? Share top secret conversations? Shut up
who's fault is that? Trump only in office for two weeks. Where the hell have you been and what have you been doing??
keep at it senator- you are a patriot with the power, influence and respect to save our government- thank you
..Becomes the 2nd Vietnam. May be McCain pleased. Maybe he can get his old job at Radio Tokyo again.
dud we need you there w your Skyhawk!
why aren't you retired ALREADY? You've made your $$$ . Stop it with President TRUMP! You lost years ago.
hey who cares...according to  u lost!
when will the hearings start? Or did the GOP just waste $$$$ going after a political opponent (Clinton)
You'r out of line stating a recent military operation was no success with petty office killed.
Apologize!
U.S. is paying#Ransom to #Pakistan  on name of war against terrorism.
please retire we need young smart blood and your just not in touch with Americans any longer!
Sir, we must resort to what works. During Reagan Admn US partnered with us.Tribes ready to defend nation. Need US partnership
I want to know why you take money from Soros?
Why telegraph an strategy while cameras are rolling? Stop telling our enemies what we are or are not doing 
@morgfair there's no money to be made in winning a war. How much of AZ economy is contingent on continued aggression?
We know why we're there and we need to destroy the poppy fields.
You know why we're there and the poppy needs to be destroyed and it will stop the Heroin production
Then you must be thrilled. Because you want perpetual war. In fact, you campaigned on that very promise.
We should not be there. It's a money pit. Give it back to Putin.
Winning what?  You can't be winning any conflict after ten years of back and forth, what is wrong with you?
@ReaganBattalion Time to leave Afghanistan. Stop propping corrupt govt, wasting US tax $$ & our precious military lives
John McCain is funded by Soros.  It's public record!
Time to out
Shame on u....I'm really sick of ur behavior.  R u a democrat?
, you were quiet as obama down spiralled our country for 8 years. Either back President Trump or shut your mouth!
Senator McCain first I'd like to say you are a hero God bless you I also believe president Trump is correct in his assessment
exactly! Stop spouting military info on media! Our enemies don't need 2know our #s! Why don't U just give them the whole plan
It's all President Trumps's fault, huh Johnnyboy. Blinded by hate.
I have heard many retired military for the last ten years that we could not win.
foreign buyers are losing interest in our debt! Balance the budget get us on track
Please begin impeachment proceedings ~ this is OUR country and this demagogue has proven he will lie about anything!
don't back down John, we're counting on you
pretty impossible to fix bo mess that u backed in 20 days.
have u figured out where the leaks came from? There is the reason our brave sailor is dead.Plane cost, not even close to pork
'winning'  yall really need to change your civil servant attitude.
You sir are a disgrace to your fellow Veterans and are a traitor to our beloved Arizona!!
please keep asking the difficult questions!  They are nessary
did he mean a stalemate at this hearing? Or in the field? Like to hear entire conversation!
TO LITTLE TO LATE JOHN RETIRE CAN'T GROW BALLS NOW
How does a US enemy ever become friends again? Atom bomb or Invasion of Eur.  Think about that.
Pakistan hid OBL for years. We had to send Seals in to get him,now you want to be friends? I think you just want a war .
Stalemate
walk a mile in Senator McCains shoes
Rick LENCHUS USMarine Corps Vietnam era and Democrat
#Iran is the biggest sponsor of terrorism around the world. #IRGC_Terrorist
focus on trump.  He is/has been aligning with putin.  Investigate Putingate and impeach for America sake.
What is on your head? Is that *ussy? Are you a *ussy head? lol
How can we objectively measure if we r winning or losing?
@POTUS you were a part of that eight year under Obama that made us a small military so help fix the mistake so we can all win
@POTUS you have the chance to build up our military and make us a strong nation again you said bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran
@POTUS that's because of eight years under Obama now we get the chance to win please give us a chance that's all were asking
Our tax dollars are going to Afghanistan so they can have a dick waving party over there?
If the information gathered in the Yemen Raid saves even one innocent life is it still a "failure"?
# keep up good work 
withdraw before it's too late. You can't win in this country
Trump and Pence both implicated in Flynn's illegal pre-inauguration conversations with Russia #LockThemUp #PenceKnew
you confirmed every Trump pick.  Therefore, you are an empty suit. #notamaverick
senator you are the only voice of truth in the senate,keep it up.impeach the student of politics that calls himself president
@ArmOfKremlin biggest military in the world and can't win against taliban in 16 years... 
is it true you and Lindsey g are on Soros payroll or do you just hate djthat much
speechless. ;) Thank you Sen. John McCain.
lol #winning.Stop #fooling #masses. Most advance #USArmy hiding in #safe #zones, 0 #performance. Buy #Drugs, u r there for.
#US #Economy running on #Iraq-i #Petrol & #Afghanistan #opium. #USArmy, no time to fight,busy #smuggling #Drugs to feed #USA
thank you and all of the POW's who sacrificed for my freedom #howdareyouTrump!
Just switch to the Democrat side #undercoverdem #rememberyournotthepres
I Voted for you #NEVERAGAIN
please back your fellow conservative and President for once or go to the left your beginning to seem extremely fake
I ask you Sir do you think you're a hero??? My uncle was a prisoner of war for 18 months!!! No one ever called him a hero
glad you grew a set of balls but your a president 2 late where was u on Obama we don't need u on TRUMP! You  p.o.s.#lnyhbt
Nobody gives a fuck what you have to say after your vote for DeVos. You're just another bought and paid-for Politician
war is never a solution, you have experience of Vietnam war, which US lost and so many innocent people killed, need justice
duh
hey John, please surrender to @realDonaldTrump

There is a lunatic in the White House.  We can't afford the dangers that will occur because of his mental instability.
What have you been doing about it in the last 8 years. #RecallMcCain #MAGA
You should really stand united w the Prez right now. U can fight w/ him AFTER we defeat liberalism.  GAL 5:15
Senior military in charge need the resources to get the job done! Stalemate is not an acceptable place to be!!
Any day still  in Afghanistan is a losing day. He was being polite. Non-rhetorical relevant questions next time please.
@BabaUmarr Why bash #Pak only when #Russia & #Iran both actively support #Taliban and #India supports #ISKhorasan in #AFG ?
Sir, what do we do now?  Thank you for your updates and your sound thoughts.  You  give me confidence when I lose hope.
thank you for your service. You are a hero and @realDonaldTrump is way out of line in criticizing you.
loser #so sad. Ur time is done. #uvelost
What are your thoughts. More boots on the ground?
You been losing for too long. You heard the prez. You got capture and you are no hero. We r done with u
Why are you always in photos with terrorist
.@JordanUhl @VP I suggest we not talk about insult, SIR. Loyalty maybe? #MAGA 
who cares what you have to say. You're irrelevant.
I sure hope the people of Arizona wake up and get this guy out of office
Go home..never voting for you again...I'll vote for a Dimmer first...
Who pissed in John McCain's corn flakes?
ThankYou Secretary Mattis for defending the honor of a soldier whos been slain,when folks disrespect his work behind his back
