My favorite part is all the awful things u have done & all the horrible things people have to say about u are all hidden near the bottom
What horrible things has he done?
Uhhhh aid & arm "moderate" terrorists/rebels in multiple countries, singing like a canary while captive, it goes on. He's a puppet neocon
Do you have more specifics? I mean arming foreign fighters sounds better than send our troops to fight.
Tell that to all the Christians that have died in the hands of ISIS and other muslim crap! Brainwashed ass!
Legacy of a liar!!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Nope. McCains legacy is he dumped on the GOP. His feelings got hurt.
He has brain cancer & should not be allowed to voting on anything! What are you people thinking!!! @realDonaldTrump @gop @FoxNews @CNN
@SenJohnMcCain has not been in battles with @realDonaldTrump because Trump is too much of a lightweight and does not engage intellectually
Your so gross
Legacy?  Let's destroy the GOP and crush the American people a flowing river of double talk and bullshit
Love you John McCain.

Your legacy is, you're a traitor and a bitter old man
And has left US with Obamacare!!!
Narcissist talking and promoting himself while the country mourns .. here is why he needs to retire and stop negatively affecting progress!!
Mr McCain have you taken $$$ from the @NRA?  If so, why?  Will you return that blood money? Is real gun control laws a priority for you?
Gun control.
@SenJohnMcCain legacy? That's easy...

Mr. McCain, as a man of integrity Don't allow NRA's money to rule this country & lead to millions of gun deaths. Ban assault weapon at least
The weapons used were fully automatic, they were banned in 1986.look into what it takes to get a permit. Black market,  almost guaranteed.
Nevada does not prohibit the transfer or possession of assault weapons, 50-caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines.
He used an automatic weapon.
Easily modified to a machine gun
If he got them on the black market gun laws wouldn't mattered
He bought them at gun shows
Not automatic weapons
I admire and respect you more that words can say.
Democrat?
RINO
We need to make some positive changes to gun laws!!! Please fight to bring that change !!!!
Here we go!
You've become an embarrassment to the People of Arizona and your party.
And America and the uniform and humanity
GUN CONTROL NOW.
Hahahahhahahaha #fakenews....his legacy , dont get me started
And a jerk.  Think.about that
A flowing river of corruption & deception is more like it!
A Legend in your own mind!!!'
What a laugh.....
Thank YU sir
More like a tidal pool of human excrement. Songbird.
Retire!  Term Limits!
The only thing flowing is money in your pocket from Soros.
a flowing river for economic development ? Yes for you and the rest of the swamp !
Get rid of McCain ! # MAGA
I don't agree
 John McCain is only wishing that was true
Narcissistic post. Figures.
The man is a rock for the people. Even in his struggles. Real man!
No, heres his legacy
Mr.McCain, you have taken $7.7 million from the NRA. If you do not regulate these horrible weapons, your only legacy will be all the death.
Mr Swamp Dweller;   Your legacy is one of 'Not so much'.  You spend tooooooooooooo much money.
Legacy will be angry, jealous,hypocritical back stabber who couldn't win the Presidency
His true legacy...military waste, and Obamacare.
Hey shut up 
John MCCain legacy the traitor songbird!
For his wallet & personal bank account.  Not for the middle class & small business who come after his ego & foreign nationals
John McCain, PLEASE!!! Run for president. We need you more than ever. Trump has managed to turn this country upside down & backwards
Tax reform and healthcare will pass as soon as McCain passes on
How many vetrans have died in the 30 yrs this SOB has been a Senator and he never lifted one finger until Trump was elected and demanded it
His legacy is more like a overflowing toilet
McCain has got to have some $$ enrollment to get that kind of statement. $$ buys a lot and his wife has alot
Your legacy should be getting blue water Navy veterans their earned agent orange benefits before they die
Ask him about his involvement in the Keating 5 scandal, now that was a river of economic flow for a select few, he skated, but so involved
John should get some loyalty!!! I'm ashamed I wasted a vote on him!!!!
What planet did you come from?

He will be forever my hero! I'll never forget him for saving my health care!
Yeah right. His legacy is obamacare repeal lie
Please just.....go away
Sure! Right into his bank account!
Totally disagree. This is the most faked GOP senator. He campaign to repeal and replace Obamacare & lied to his people. He insulted us.
More like a glowing river of lies & beat downs. 1st Obama made you look bad after the election in front of the world. 2nd time to yourself
Maybe the GOP who do not agree with Trumpshould speck up.   Tax reform is a house of lies: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/tax_reform_is_one_big_lie.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … … … via @slate
Not in AMERICA
Legacy will be a trader to his party that's it by 85% of America
Nope, Wet Start Johnny. When you are finally dead and buried, your records will be unsealed. Then everyone will know what a traitor you are.
A history of lost opportunity and causes unjust and biased... RETIRE!
John McCain read your Phoenix mail
Oh really. Not what I had in mind.
Your legacy is" Traitor "
Very
Flowing river of shit 
Do something pass one of the 300 bills that are setting in Congress
Please for gods sake retire to that home
Go Away will you
Smile Senator as people who can't afford ACA payments cut food and clothes budgets ect.They hurt because of non vote of a one percenter
term limits
A self serving crybaby traitor.
*for himself
Economic development! What about millions forced into ins families can not afford? What about hundred of thousands whose hours cut under 30?
No it’s a legacy of being a traitor and a loser
His backstabbing non vote on repeal of ACA will be legacy for millions paying way more than they can afford or can't afford at all!#needhelp
Whatever you say. Retire now please.
John McCain Legacy of accomplishing NOTHING, except for SCREWING the AMERICAN CITIZENS!
Legacy:murdering those men on ur ship&but hide, sing and turn ur men in, voted in as Republican takes money from Soros&BO votes democrap hum
Millions in our nation now carry Insurance families can not afford and carry deductibles they will not reach taking even more income away
Your post a bit self-serving, in light of the massacre in Las Vegas.
YOUR LEGACY IS COOPERATING WITH CHI-COMMS AND CAUSING THE DEATHS OF OVER 60 US AIRMEN...KILLING 134 SAILORS ON THE USS FORRESTAL AND LYING!
More like a flowing river of lies and deceit.
Really we are 20 trillion in debt and you were part of the problem.
Hahahahaha all these responces our negetive but the mccains dont care....politics and government cheques our the family biz..go away
Omg go away mccains ... you guys walk around as if u havent seen the polls about ur approval...Go Away...simple..
Is this a bad joke  ?

Great in your own mind
@John McCain legacy is a flowing river of RINO shit.
Your legacy? Songbird to the Viet Cong. Traitor to conservative principals in D.C. Congratulations!
Nope -that's all the plans Congress had flushing down the toilet from this two-faced liar!  YOU RAN ON REPEAL & REPLACE -YOU PROMISED THIS!!
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
You are known as.The Non War Hero!
Hahaha a war profiteer more likely
I would love to travel to a parallel world where the Bush Campaign didn’t attack McCain in South Carolina and he became Prez in 2000
McCain's 'legacy' is that of becoming a traitor to the Republican Party because he hates Trump. The world knows.
Or one who stopped repeal and replace
Thank you for your service & dedication to your country especially now, when you are facing extreme illness. Praying for you.
Greater legacy is modeling service and duty to county
Boy talk about FAKE NEWS.
I don’t know about all that, cancerous one. I only see fake war hero and traitor to the party.
Right to the swamp.
GOOD!!!
No. Legacy is thumbs down for US citizens. Liar & thief.
Your best legacy should be to vote to Repeal & Replace the ObamaCare & to work with the new administration to benefit our country & people!!
Not to badmouth econ devel, but his legacy is also courage, equitable voting practices, etc.
I did not know you were a comedian too hahahaha
You " F'd " your legacy. Go home
BS flowing rivers of money in your pocket traitor!
Flowing river if lies,
Ban assault rifles! Let that be your legacy!! #guncontrol #BanAssaultWeapons #campaignreform #NoNRAdonations
Flowing river of bullshit!
Perhaps it once was but after not after 2017.
Stop shootings! Ban automatic assault weapons and ammunition!
Oh puleese
What
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
In this horrible and tragic day McCain talks about the most important to him: Himself! Such a petty!!
You best known legacy is that you prevented  Obamacare to be repealed meaning you support it, just another Dem.
John McCain's legacy biggest hypocritical liar in the Republican Party what a disgrace
More Fake News...
Wrong. Your have killed you legacy. It's no that of a liar who betrayed his constituents was left with only rich lib Dems praising him!
A flowing river of betrayal.
That’s great. How about legislation on gun control instead of honoring yourself?
Pffffffft.  His legacy is #McCainCare
Legacy = Forrestal, songbird, 894/899, Keating, McCain Institute, Soros money, pettiness, vindictiveness. RETIRE Brutus
McShames legacy ,screw the people who voted for him and pretend he's a republican.Traitor
Only legacy he has is a rhino traitor
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Um more like a flowing river of bs and flip flopping like a fish trying to dodge the hook.
it becomes mandatory to cut the evil (IS) from the root
BEING A TRUMPET PLAYER IS A FLOWING RIVER OF ECO DEV?  YOU TOOT YOUR OWN HORN BECAUSE YOU ARE A LIAR AND LOSER

Allow me to puke! 
Really? All ArizonianSeeIsAnOldTired
ManTrying2StayRelevant&OutOfTouch
WithTheCitizenOfHisState....Retire John
There Is Nothing Left 4U
Right Benadict Arnold

WITH ALL OF SENATOR MCCAIN'S PROBLEMS, HE STILL MAKES TRUMP LOOK LIKE AN ASS!
His problems???? He is the problem. And just an fyi---he cant hold a candle to trump. A traitor is the lowest of the low.
That's one way to look at it Songbird.
Flowing river of shit I think

The John McCain Legacy
Another idiot #Trumpflake
And back stabbing his President.
Won’t you stand with us on sensible gun law reform? The NRA and special interest groups should be kept out of politics.
The weapons used were almost certainly bought on the black market,  control that,  good luck. Chicago is a prime example of fun control laws
And than they instill more law and restrictions of rights upon us all
We will remember U as  THE GREAT  LIER
Right. Going back to factory and coal miner jobs for all Americans isn't economic development: It's non-competitive - a loser strategy.

Ahhhh.... are you a McCain lover? Shame. smdh.
Legacy as a traitor.
Another idiot#Trumpflake
Your speaking of the POTUS. Where was McCain when Obama was sending our Tax Money to Muslim Countries? McCain has ruined his legacy.
Who do you think you're kidding????

Nothing but a Soros stooge. A traitor to the US in the real sense. He should have hung for his war crimes. This man is no hero.
@SenJohnMcCain legacy: failure and treachery under blackmailing puppet masters. What did you do, John?
You are chosen by a higher power,to save millions of Americans.Our love,respect,Will be known generations to come.
Gag!!!
like I really care
Tweeting about himself as the country mourns the biggest mass shooting in the country. Way to show your true colors. #retireMcCain
Ur legacy: Obamacare.
OMG!   Hand in hand with the banksters a flowing hemorrhage of taxpayer dollars into a dark world of pedophilia, body parts & death.
