Why don't you use the VA like the rest of us?
Because he believes he's special
He is special!  He deserves respect.  Far more than the man who is in the White House and has given nothing!
Right far more sold out in Nam abandoned our MIAs 133 dead on Forestall, lied keating 5 & got away with it, abandoned Vets for treatment +.
John McCain has never abandoned anyone.
McCain in the navy & Senate a complete sell out. You must be speaking about another McCain
Thank the tax payers for the best health care policy you have, than apologize to us for higher premiums lose our doctors & policies.
Glad to see you up an at them Senator. We need you back in the Senate, and I am from the state of Washington
Hope he gets well but we don't need a traitor back in the Senate! Time to retire!
How dare you call @SenMcCain a traitor, he & his family have served this county for 4 generations. You are a clown, not fit to carry his bag
He is a traitor +a friend of George SOROS whose main objective is 1 world order! There's a lot of questions unanswered how he was released
You're delusional
Just saw your an actress, that espains a lot! Bahahahaha
"Explains " are you home schooled?
RETIRE from the Senate Johnny...good thing you don't have ObamaCare huh?
No McCain believes he and the rest of the Rats in DC are special, we who pay for their HC & our families are not.
Looking good!!!!!!
John McCain why are you such a backstabber on your own Republican Party? Why do you not let another in your place after all brain cancer?
Stupidity has no cure
Good think they don't care about politics.
As the ex-wife of a DOJ executive....trust me---WE PAID ALOT for our health insurance!!  Please don't think it's free or cheap
Most people think it's free. Most people think Medicare is free but it's not
Good luck senator 
Praying for you Senator -- and thank you for making a stand for bipartisanship and regular order.
He needs to be sent back to Hanoi.
so happy you could get the best care. glad u r doing well. keep in mind though medicare patients can't get that care cz mayo wants 15% above
Mayo serves many Medicare patients including me. I need a Medicare supplement to afford outpatient services but that's not unique to Mayo.
if you call to make an appt tell them u have medicare + supplement they advise you your bill will be 15% more than medicare pays. no secret
You said Medicare patients can't get care at Mayo. That is false. Most medical providers charge more; that's why we buy supplements.
You are however correct if you're talking about Medicare Advantage although even then some with prior auth may be served.
i have medicare and a supplement no advantage. straight 80% medicare and 20% picking up the rest. Mayo wnted 15% above medicare. my experinc
Plans F & G pay excess charges (15%). That's why they are the most popular plans- they have the most comprehensive coverage.
yep i have plan F however, mayo still adds 15% to that plan too. and they tell you they will when you make an appt unfortunately
GOD save McCain !
I said a prayer for you to recover from your Blood Clot Operation, only to have you comeback to screw everyone. What A Guy!!!
You look great, Senator McCain. Keep up the great work. Sending prayers for you, your family and those who are working to help heal you.
@SenJohnMcCain My best wishes to you from a proud daughter of another Naval Aviator (WWII,  my late father, John William Sparkman, Cdr. USN
We know Cancer is Bipartisan & shame on those who post otherwise !!!!!
Senator McCain, you are a true American Hero. Thank you in all ways.
Maverick were with you#RI Republicans
, I think it's time for Americans to know Big John is a big traitor and coward Of Americas Vets, Song Bird of Viet Nam
Be strong and hope better always
The equivalency is in behavior.
I hope and pray you Get Well soon Sir
What's wrong with people, humanity compassion and love are disappearing right in front of my eyes. God bless you senator
Senator McCain, I go to Mayo in MN so I know first hand what great care you're getting. You have been in my heart and prayers.  Stay strong
I don't know you but I will pray for you. You will be cancer free soon.
Godspeed get healthy to get back in the fight!! We need you... USA needs you
From a 2 time cancer survivor to you, you got this, stay strong and kick cancer to the curb!
No VA???
Why don't u rub salt in the wounds of the people u screwed out of healthcare.  How dare u!
Hey but the good side is you have Great coverage that taxpayers pay for.
Thank you and everyone else that stuck the American people in this deep ass hole we're in.
I think about u every month when I write that $1,600 check 4 healthcare that I can't use because I don't have the $10,000 to pay deductible
Mayo Clinic for senators not for the average person with ACA is that not correct you get the best care while others struggle with health
Too bad the rest of America can't get good healthcare...because of you!
Must be nice to be king
That this man is entitled to better healthcare choices than the citizens he represents bc of laws he refuses to repeal is beyond the pale
I wonder if McCain would have the same results if he used ObamaCare or VA...
Did the docs discover what makes you so petty you'd screw the American people to get back at a pol that insulted you? #RepealObamacare
No go retire and give your position to a republican
And unlike media RINOs, I THANK @SenJohnMcCain for opposing that monstrosity of an Anti-@realDonaldTrump-bill called AHCA (#ObamaCareLite!!)
Note: We did NOT elect #McConnell as @POTUS.
DT ran on opening insurance ACROSS STATE LINES for EVERYONE. We'll help you keep that promise.
Now please retire to speed your recovery.
America would have appreciated u 2 repeal Obamacare,  then u purposely wait to vote last so you can get ur $ from schumer n the left #usuck
Another misstake  Flake is a waste in the sentor and snowflake.
I have a great team at Mayo Clinic too! Their cardiac care is Amazing! They understand the fears the family is facing too!
Wishing the best for your treatment. 

Wishing all Americans had the same access to the same healthcare you do.
Prayers and best wishes, Senator McCain!
Glad he can afford to be treated at Mayo Clinic.
That's great u r able 2 get top quality care.Unlike d rest of America! 6 year cancer survivor & still paying medical bills, govt w/not cover
Too bad OBAMACARE KEEPS SO MANY AMERICANS FROM EXPERIENCING GREAT CARE!
He needs to be sent back to hanoi
Wish I could afford such health care! Thanks for nothing
Mccaine the viet cong should have left you rot in prison, then American taxpayers would have to foot your wages and H?care traitor
Fight on, Mr. McCain
Meanwhile you voted against Americans having truly affordable health care. You don't deserve this medical treatment traitor. #maga
You can beat this, Sir! Praying for you!
John McCain = traitor
YEAH>>BUT THEY COULDN'T MAKE YOU PRESIDENT? ONLY A HERO?
Clovis NM clinic has no Dr. Didn't have a nurse practioner for almost a year. Amarillo bureaucracy too thick.
Veterans Choice Program not working. Can't get cooperation from Amarillo VA. No procedure. No one knows they're doing.
Please try to do something about the Amarillo VA hospital. Appts longer than 30 days out. Can't talk to them. Don't call us we'll call you
Best health care our tax dollars can buy. Wonder what kind of health care we the people could have with lower taxes.
Sen. McCain, my thoughts and prayers are with you sir! Thank you for your service!

Get well Mr McCain. Your family and the world need you. God bless.
Wishing you excellent care, health and hope you get well soon.
You are in great hands Senator!
I may not have always agreed your ideas but I have always respected you as a man, a soldier and a politician. God speed and be well.
Hang in John.
VA not good enough?
Now retire
Senator McCain, we are far apart politically, but I have a ton of respect for you and wish you all the best. Hang tough!
I wish you well....but what about the people that can not afford treatment? Please get well and be the voice of reason! ....hugs...
I haven't been Republican, for a much long time but you Sr, have certainly stood for good principals. Blessings
It's great to have unparalleled insurance to have the team to treat what you and I have had in common, BC survivors!
I'm glad you have great insurance and doctors, most veterans would be dead because they have VA they can't even see.
As a very recent cancer survivor I know how important the medical team surrounding you is. I had an awesome one so grateful
To bad you don't have Obama care which you and only you force on us citizens
Didn't vote for you,  but wish you well and thanks for vote against Trump care.
Are they taking obamacare? Oh, that's right I forgot Congress got a waiver from Obamacare.
Funny how this guy thinks he's on top of the worl and that we care!  He must watch CNN
Thoughts and prayers for you Senator.
is this part of the obama care treatment plan?
God bless @SenJohnMcCain
Wishing you all the best, Senator McCain! Regards from NYC...
We all wish McCain good luck !  Don't we all wish when get sick our insurance covers us going to Mayo Clinic????
WE STAND WITH OUR PRESIDENT WE KNOW WHAT UR DOING TOMORROW  AND WE DONT AGREE AND WILL NOT STAND FOR IT
I have pulmonary fibrosis, the only drug that could help is $10k a month, the insurance won't cover it, you know what my options are? None!
You have free health care. Sorry you're ill, but you people could care less about the regular folks in this country! Shame on you all!!!
Glad you're kicking the heck out of cancer!
happy to hear you are doing well. do you believe everyone deserves such high quality care? I do!!
Senator John  McCain you're a fighter and conqueror you will beat this!  Praying for you Senator McCain
Senator, my father has to use the Phoenix VA and he served in Vietnam. Why don't you?
All Americans must have access to this quality of healthcare.  Thanks for taking a step in the right direction @SenJohnMcCain.  All the best
Glad You have Great Health Care - We United states Veterans are Not getting even Good Health Care -Due Lack of Doctor's in TN
Too bad all citizens can't get the same great treatment
Must be nice having that Govt Insurance.
@MayoClinic is one of a kind!
Just a photo opp
Can they make you retire? That would be praiseworthy indeed
Mayo saved my father - wonderful place!!! From inexpensive food court for the families to the piano in the entry..amazing!
Glad you're at Mayo.  Reassuring environment all around!
DID HILLARY PAID FOR THIS TOO?
Wishing you all the best!
Don't be a hater.
Whoa you guys.  Mayo is used for our Az community healthcare.  It's fantastic so simmer down.
Sen McCain, regardless of party affiliation or national ethnicity or religious belief, all Americans are pulling for you, keep up the  fight
Sending love and prayers your way Senator McCain!   You look GREAT!
How wonderful that your RINO ass can afford the Mayo Clinic., while you betray the country with your lie about repealing Obamacare.
Senator McCain you look wonderful! You are a tough one. Get back on the Hill and work for us.
Thankful you can get good care at this excellent facility. I'm waiting tor my patients to have same option
Wouldn't it be great if ALL Americans had access tonsuch great care?
Teamwork makes the dream work. Good luck, Senator.
Best wishes Senator!
When my mom passed we had everyone who would have sent flowers donate to the Mayo clinic instead...they are awesome
I'm a dem and may not agree policy with you but you always do the right thing. God bless you and your family
You're an inspiration to us all Senator McCain and a true American patriot.
Speedy recovery! You're a fighter! @SenJohnMcCain 
keep the Great work going..
Lookin' good and strong, Senator.
I wished I had your health care program oh you voted against to replace and repeal but at least you're in good hands that's all that matters
@jaketapper @MayoClinic time to retire and give someone else a job.
Why aren't you getting care at the VA like others veterans have no choice? You hypocrite!
Mayo clinic was great 2 me at Jacksonville. I'm praying 4 you. Are you on
an AF diet? Low sugar, good fats? Was a fungal culture taken?
Looking good Mr McCain :)
Seriously people... Sn McCain needs our 's and blessings right now!! He did the right thing & voted no.. BE THANKFUL!!
@jaketapper @MayoClinic Ip McCain is a Rep.. He still want to repeal ACA but he don't want to hurt the American people.
God Bless You Sen McCain. Pls consider immunotherapy... we appreciate all you have done & NEED U healthy!!! Continued 
Are they with the VA?
Best wishes Senator!
Hey, all. Please keep in mind that it was MCcain's vote that prevented the destruction of Obamacare.
Glad you are doing well. Thank you for putting the interest of our citizens over party politics. Please continue! Blessings to u&family.
Be well sir.
Can my veteran son go to the Mayo Clinic?
Stay well and hurry back to amend ACA against premium hikes and high deductible.  A single payer would be best. I believe in you
God bless. 
Don't you mean at the VA? Oh wait, that's right, you're BETTER than us.
it would sure be nice if the rest of us had access to that kind of care.
John they have good doctors in Cuba..

Get well soon, Sir!
It's GRRR-RRREAT to have health insurance instead of worrying about bankruptcy, eh John????
Keep up the good fight and get well Senator McCain. My thoughts are with you. The US needs you.
Why did you not use the VA medical system? No disrespect sir and hope you have a full recovery, but that proves the swamp is alive....
Good job guys. Get that good Jimmy Carter brain surgery! You deserve it
Good luck and recovery Sen Mccain
Glad that you are healthy.
Please resign from the senate and be with your family.
Best of luck Senator McCain, from an Arizonan Democrat who respects you, even if we don't often agree.
The original RINO
I wish success to you and your team John.
All the best Sir! Get ready for 2020! It's just around the corner! 
The VA was making you a bed, it would have been ready in a couple months.
Looks like you have pretty good health insurance Mr. McCain. Sellout to Soros...
Get well John we need your wisdom and leadership in congress now more than ever
Get Well Soon!
Good Senator, I don't agree with all your politics, but cancer sucks. Truly. Courage to you all.
Speedy recovery, Senator.
Stay well
There are many Americans that would love to go to the mayo but cannot afford it. Stop turning your back on conservatives.
It's nice to have Health Coverage, isn't it?
Please remember how many millions don't have such Ins. or care.
Be well and peace be with you, Senator.
Well, for all the good you've done for the country, we don't appreciate your no vote on health just to get even with @realDonaldTrump
Best wishes Senator McCain!
But they forgot to remind Mr. McCain he meant to vote YES.  Sorry and wish him well, but he is Dem dress in Republican clothes. WHY?
Too bad @mayoclinic will not offer health insurance next year for regular folks in need of care.
Retire john
Get well soon
Hang in there Mr. McCain! We are counting on your sane leadership sir!
Much  from !  Keep up the good fight Sir!
Even though I haven't agreed with u in many occasions. Get well soon senator! No one deserves this fight
