Globalist wake up and smell the coffee. One day Europe will rule America.  No more America.  Will be the worst time in all of human history
Please stop accepting anymore neutral countries into NATO..and remove foreign troops from Baltics, Poland, nukes from Romania, Baltics
Good for #Montenegro Good for @NATO Good for USA Too Bad So Sad Putin. Welcome #Montenegro!
I wish our president agreed with you.
Now how about a whole, free, peaceful America? #ImpeachTrump
Allowing Muslims huge mistake...
According to trump, who refused to re-commit to Article V, we no longer stand with our allies & are no longer committed to a peaceful Europe
Yak yak yak.  Less talk more action, McCain.
Our president finds it appropriate to push & tx our allies like adversaries & vice versa. Hold him accountable, then I'll believe you.
Hey McCain, thought that you lost the election, if you think you didn't, you suck!!!
Please do what you can to get the rest of the Republican Party to honor our commitments to the international community.
Why? This Country was not set up to take care of every Country & fight everyone's fight!
Big freaking deal! Your "Boss" wants out and is doing EVERYTHING but MOON THE QUEEN to try and get us kicked out!
Could you please call the Mayor of London and tell him ,not all Americans are like Mr. Trump? My prayers are with London
Are we still in that? #complicity #youareeitherwithusoragainstus
That's the guy your party's leader pushed around. Embarrassing. Hope you sent an apology.
Dear ally, please do something to protect us from *45.
You might want to remind Trump of that
But the @gop does not.
Rrrrright....
Till twattrump pushes them aside
Despite, and without Trump.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1608540862807629&set=a.1419221028406281.1073741829.100009551928000&type=3 …
Then why does NATO exist ? Warsaw Pact was disassembled 25 years ago. Bartleson your BF rapes children and is in big trouble. Bye Mcain org.
Sen. McCain, which is more painful: your time in Hanoi or what President Trump is doing to our country?  Seriously.  Work to impeach Trump!
It's too bad out ill-informed, shameful, and brutish president couldn't see it that way. #shameontrump
Well, you should probably let the president know.
Don't tell us, tell Trump. You know the orange guy who dissed NATO on behalf of the American public without our consent? And my dissent!
Montenegro is a great tourist attraction and nothing more. Haven't you noticed, John McCain???
If Russia is such a threat why does Germany only have a 180k army & 550 tanks! NATO doesn't carry its own weight!!!
Such Bullcrap, Montenegro's 1,250 man army is a joke, there were more kids in my old high school than in their army.
How long until your boy in the White House decides we should leave NATO too?
Oh good, another country the US can pay for.
That's all the EU and others want us for, sick of taking care of every foreign Country with either blood of R troops or $$.
I've lost faith in you, every single republican, past Presidents, the American people and what I thought my father, in his prime, fought for
Not according to 45.
RUSSIA
As a welcoming gift, their leader gets a shove from the POTUS
Now tRump hotel money laundering for Iran's Revolutionary Guard!?! Wtf. Well, at least they arrested woman who leaked today. #GOParetraitors
Yes, but will POTUS ever treat our NATO allies with the friendship and respect they deserve? And will the GOP impeach him?
No we aren't committed.  No one knows what we are committed to.  Changes daily.  #trumpsucks
does your traitor president know this?#Trumprussia
No sir no. Europe should spend money defend themselves not paying for refugees.  Soon there will only be Islamic union of Europe.
Not per the incompetent person occupying the WH. He is an embarrassment to America - NATO we apologize for this display of ignorance.
Montenegro's population is less than 1/3 of K.C. MO metro and has a GDP of 1/10 K.C. MO metro. I'm sure Montenegro will make us much safer.
Did you tell that to Trump? What an embarrassment he was hugging brutal regimes&scolding allies
It's apparent from your followers you R definitely a liberal. It's time you retire, no one trusts you. Support R president or get out!
Yes and @POTUS mocks it everyday stand for truth Senator #Russiagate #Impeach45
Not #45. We all know how he feels. However, true Americans share your sentiment.
Does @realDonaldTrump know that we're committed? .@SenJohnMcCain can you step up? More action less talk!
Says you.  Says Trump, "Not so much."
unless you are listening to our president.
Wow, real powerhouse there. How about getting NATO to step up and deal with the out of control Muslim migrant threat in Europe?
Except that our President will not say so.
Is this the best accomplishment that presented? Or prod Russia into further aggressions in Ukraine & the Baltic? Precipitating war you want?
Their PM being man handled by @POTUS ur job sir is not tweeting  things rather dial up the removal of this traitor in WH #resist @funder
I hope we are committed. I am heartsick about Trump's refusal to say so.
Is that why 45 shoved him out of his way?
thanks for your work and support on this. Trying to keep our alliance of liberal democracies together is getting harder
Trump may be challenging that beautiful concept; the man has his own retrograde ideas about what a free society should look like.
And yet the Republican POTUS takes Article 5 out of G7 speech?
Sen. McCain, that's not what your boss Trump is saying. Doesn't Trump speak for your party?
@SenJohnMcCain is a closet democrat
Who our embarrassment nearly ran over right ?  Cool
US must keep NATO strong!
Please tell the President that.
But the message that Trump sends doesn't support what you are saying.  I agree with you.
Try explaining that to the orange one in our House. You withstood torture and yet you are cowering at trumps feet. Stand up!
Did you talk to the Commander in Thief about that? Looks like he rescinded our role as Leader of the Free World
Recorded from the "leader" Obama? LMAO 
Ah, so sorry, my Russian programming is a bit, how do you Americans say, full of bugs?
Does this mean that there's another member that won't pay their full 2% of GDP like Germany. And will now sponge on the US
John, Help.  @realDonaldTrump is unfit. Help!! 
Unless, of course, this is left up to your lord dRumpfdemort who denies Art 5.
Senator you are whistling in the wind as long as you have isolationists Trump & Bannon in the White House.What are you going to do about it?
Don't U Kniw how fake this sounds coming from both sides of mouth Traitor hero @SenJohnMcCain
NO the US does not stand w NATO but with Russia thanks 2 @GOP TRAITORS. Stop lying or IMPEACH
Expect for @realDonaldTrump who currently controls military.
With all due respect, sir, it doesn't feel that way. The man in the White House stands committed to no one and nothing but his ignorant POV
It doesn't seem like potus agrees with you. He appears to be trying to pick fights with our allies.
Pick fights or finally stand up to them so they quite screwing us ?
@SenJohnMcCain nothing you say means anything. Go to your real party lib
Stop trying to change the subject, senator.
Empty words are all the GOP and President have for "US"...Supporting an incompetent man-child for the sake of a few terrible policies.
@JeanGrey80 @NATO With due RESPECT.  You sir are ALL TALK!  YOU VOTE WITH TRUMPOV, YOU STAND WITH HIM.
Hope you will put your money were you mouth is so the saying goes.. Impeach the national embarrassment. Making a mockery of u.s
STHU, you traitor!
I hope so ! USA wants America first be careful what you wish for #allies
The people are telling him and there saying great job we're not going to be bullied anymore thank god
What are ru doing about this madness Mr. Maverick...oh forgot u chose SP as a running mate
Blah blah blah no action John. We need to talk to your GOP buddies n actually DO something other than blah blah blah blah blah. 
We can give a flying fuc$. Do what you must do, NOW! - #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #LiarInChief is unhinged
Are you sure about that Senator?  It does not appear that is what our President is going for.
You don t  care about terror attack in London except  ur war monger song.
Preparing for world war lll, warmonger!!!
Beef up our military and give them everything they need please! Nothing but the best for our heroes!  #militarylivesmatter
America, yes. But what about a @GOP that's now indebted to Putin for making advance of their "conservative" agenda possible?
You might want to ask @potus. He "left out" Article 5 commitment. This is not good for anyone except Russia. Ive always respected u Fix this
Trying to understand GOP acceptance of Putin.  Is Putin money finding its way to support re-election of GOP candidates thru PACs?
And one nation weaker without our whole hearted support.  Common Senator. The country is looking to you and Graham
Population of Montenegro: 622,388 (2015). Pop of USA: 321.4 million (2015). 516 times larger. Good for them! Now USA has to protect them.
Retire.
Please tell that to the President .Apparently he does not understand purpose of NATO or what it has done over last decades supporting peace
I hope so... Some in US Administration might not agree...
Are we going to fight Russia for them as well.
Keep up!!! Trump proposing selling our infrastructure. Of course not.. why do I bother with you? Songbird!
Seriously?  Have you been paying attention?  Help the USA!
After 8 years of not acting like the USA we finally are the USA I'm proud of not apologizing to other countries
Bet the US arms manufacturers are drooling over the money they'll make getting them up to NATO specs.
Great now how about you and the other Senators standing behind our President!
Yea because Montenegro is a vital ally and worth going to war over should the need arise
Have you mentioned this to trump. He doesn't seem to have gotten the memo
But yes, I agree with you that adding another country is wonderful just as taking away one country from the #ParisAccord was a disgrace
Close to NATO but for Montenegro's own safety, they sure will keep safe distance from POTUS. Sad!
Actions speak louder than words from our POTUS, Senator, and the words from our POTUS are well...you know. Please stand up against him.
Great to hear...you may want to inform @realDonaldTrump of that commitment.
Really John? Are you sure? I am not at all sure that is the direction Trump plans to take our country. Could start the impeachment  please?
And how much military aid (money) are we giving them? Greased your palms pretty good with that trip last month eh?
John, you are now our Sec of State, thank God, someone with a brain is taking the job.
Until you actually do something about Trump you're just a fraud complicit in his actions. Country first?  Yeah, that was a good lie. Smh
Guess who isn't happy? Well....guess *two* someones who aren't happy. Putin and his American Puppet.
When not shoving their leader out of the way, you mean?
Maybe u need to tell your president since he shoved the poor man!
Tell that to your parties President. Who for some Russian reason dropped affirmation of Article V treat obligations apparently on his own
Can we move are bases from Germany to Poland? Germany needs to pay its share Senator.
Do we sir? Because the American people out here in USA are not feeling all that confident that we stand for anything anymore.
US does. Trump does not.
Still think Nato members need to increase their own home military at the same time. It ok to have nato as a buffer.
Sorry about the shove, #Montenegro.
So should @POTUS give a congratulatory shove? Oh wait, he already did.
