... Gen Flynn did NOT ask for contributions from the Russians like you...  disgusting. #recallmccain signatures are growing.
Please speed investigations into Putin's attacks on our elections and his contacts with the Trump campaign in the election.
why don't you just come out and say Donald Trump what is your Russian connection?
@ScratchPolitics Senator McCain....people voted for you for president and respect you.  Do the right thing!
wrong the people voted for trump
In 2008.  He's the last respected Republican to run for office.
There were many respected Rep.'s that ran for President.
True--i just mean that got the nomination. Kasich was another.
But I voted for Trump. I believe in Trump. Work together folks!!
Nancy-I just got to ask-Do you think Trump lies at all?  What %?
SHUT UP! WE DIDN'T GO FROM DEMOCRATS TO REPUBLICAN TO HEAR U! OTHERWISE NEVER LEFT DEMOCRATS HEARING U! U WLD DRIVE PPL BACK!
we are very disappointed in you. But I like your   Daughter.
Not quite as strong a statement as I would prefer, but thank you for having more of a backbone than other GOP
remember we voted for DJT as our commander and chief. You & Graham ru to cameras to undermine him/us at every turn. Sad!
You and @LindseyGrahamSC were probably behind this nonsense with your NSA buddies. Please retire now, both of you.
Empty words. 
Do something concrete to end this treason or see your legacy tarnished forever. Have you no honor left?
He threw the honor away when he founded, funded and armed ISIS to overthrow Assad
Agree 100 % .
Pipe down, Ruskie.
i know your posing as a cheerleader for the Empire, but HEY @SenJohnMcCain where is your evidence in support of Flynn's removal?
I READasMUCHas I CAN&LISTEN2THOSE WHO HAVE MORE INFO&SAMEorDIFFERING VIEWS, from MYview,RUSSIA's PUTIN's MO HAS never changed
PUTIN IS DETERMINED TO CREATE CHAOS THOUGHOUT THE WORLD WITH LDRS/REGIMES WHICH HE KNOWS WILL SUPPORT HIS AGAINST USA.
FAKE NEWSis GLOBAL,SUSPICIONS  ARE HIGH EVERYWHERE,TRUST IN u.s. IS GROWING SLOWLY RECOVERING FROM OUR OTHER LDRSfromTHE PAST
PAST LDR HAVE DESTROYED WHAT REAGAN ACHIEVED AND TRUMP HAS BEEN THE ONLY ONE TO RALLY TRUE& STAUNCH BELIEVERS IN AMERICA.
THE OTHER HOPE IS 2SHOW OTHER ELECTORS WHERE THEY WERE DECEIVED&RALLY THEM EVEN THO WE HAVE THE VOTES IN CONGRESS TO CHANGE
OUR MILITARY NEEDS TO BE AS READY AS NEVER BEFORE AS RAPIDLY AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE2A OVERWHELMING SHOW OF FORCE IN WEAPONS&MEN
THE RUSSIANS & THE TERRORISTS HAVE THEIR CONNECTIONSinOUR COUNTRY, PUTIN IS MONITORING COM'S FROMourCOAST PROBING WEAKNESS
Why did you solicit money from Russia's U.N Ambassador Vitaly Churkin for your campaign?
wouldn't be surprised if you weren't behnd the whole thing
support the president please, anything else does not help anyone
I'd rather read your russian connections thru wikileaks!
always admired U appreciate your service  wk w @POTUS 2 accomplish what he was elected 2 do
hey big head my chest is available for ur poopy
If you want complete destroy GOP go against Trump, but maybe it is you plan, RINO , maybe ???
do ur job sir...I know you have classified access do what's right sir
I know it's ur last term  don't go out in this bs. Make a stand sir..or was the payoff too great?
You're suppose to be working with PRESIDENT TRUMP! He is the Commander and Chief. Not YOU.
I have much respect for you Sir. Why isn't congress investigating Trumps Russian ties? Tax returns ? Transparency ?
Maverick, we need you now to stand up to the Trump/Bannon infection thats is destroying the fabric of our nation
many concerns about @realDonaldTrump, please investigate him.  Stand up like you have so many times before, save us.
Let's find out the truth!  Release transcripts and let the chips fall where they may! Patriotism not GOP first! Russians out!
@amroerhubes1971 you need to be part of the team  dude
RUSSIA DID NOT HACK ELECTION.  WHY DO YOU WANT A WAR WITH RUSSIA BUT KISS IRAN'S ASS
YOU ANX RNC ARE DISGUSTING
We need a special investigator appointed ASAP to investigate the Trump-Russia connection/Trumps financial ties to Russia.
This is dream  come true  for you. You are  abt  to  take Pres Trump down. But it won't happen. God put him there
Your lack of support & open criticism of @POTUS shows traitorous qualities. Troubling.
You just never give up.
Please continue to support investigating Flynn's and the administration's links to the Russian regime.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GenFlynn @mflynnjr Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain talks Russian influence not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
THANK YOU for demanding  a full investigation into Trump/Russia ties and for caring more about liberty than political agenda
You were considered by many as a true patriot who put country 1st - What happened? #DoYourJob #investigatetrump #TrumpKnew
yes! Re Putin and Trump buddies
I know the public would like to see what President Trump's part might be in Flynn's communication with Russia.Pls follow thru
You better be working with POTUS instead of against him
Americans can't trust Trump, media, FBI, Congress, Dems or Repubs. This weakens us. Restore trust. Public release Flynn tape.
Americans want to know who knew what and when.  Did this come from the top?  A bipartisian investigation is crucial.
been there too long.Allowed uranium to be sold to Russia, Iran to process it, Mussy-Brotherhood to receive Libyan arms.
I'm starting to regret voting for him. He sounds more n more like he works for CNN always giving shots on Trump
B.S., It's an anti-Trump screed. Your establishment can't accept that the American people didn't back the GOP's candidates!
why no investigation into all Trumps administration for acts of treason, silence & apathy equal participation. Do something
where is the investigation you are letting your country down to protect your GOP administration
Demand an investigation into your Republican president!  #ManchurianPresident #illegitimate
please push for an investigation--too many unanswered questions and half-truths #FollowTheFacts
Free speech and tolerance only applies if you are liberal! #leftwingnuts
your own words were enough to convince anyone trumps a traitor and should be investigated through campaign! But u refuse!
Sir, I may not always agree with your POV, but always held you and your service in high regard.  PLEASE PUSH RUSSIA INVEST.
Please continue the investigation on the administration's ties to Russia and everyone involved. You are the hero, not DT!
we really don't care what you think
It is not illegal. Trump is serving USA for free and gave up everything to #MAGA support him. #drainingtheswamp
Not happy w/this statement. No facts just here-say. Barack told Russia he'd be flexible, Barack and Cuba? Trump is serving US
. @SenJohnMcCain How is #SarahPalin? Still VP-stuff?
Thank you for your statement on #Flynn and commitment to holding Russia accountable.  Do you support an investigation?
I am aghast at Senator @JeffFlake for not taking a stand and treating this like a partisan issue when it is not. Thank you.
clear this up! Demand to see all call transcripts and investigate
not enough, John.
The GOP can't walk this issue back. If so history will remember all of you as incompetent and treasonous.
POTUS is guilty of sedition. Let's just put that on the table.
Sir, I believe our country is at least just as concerned about traitors with access to classified material leaking it.
As a heroic veteran, why are you not supporting our elected President? In 2008 you refused to call out a radical and lost.
Thank you for your strong condemnation of these actions by the Administration. You are a hero! Please continue!
Demand an #IndependentInvestigation to protect #USA
We want an independent investigation for the Trump Administration ties to Russia. Let us hear the truth.
Please investigate soon and thoroughly #russia #potus #impeachment
Once again stop, your hurting the country with your hate!
we need a select committee on Russian interference in election and contacts between Trump and Russia.
Breaking News  #DemocRAT operative John #McCain responsible for NSA Leak ! Everyone knows your a scammer ! liberal wacko
lock him UP!!
Please push for independent investigation!  We need your leadership in this very dangerous situation.
complicit silence or investigation? coward or hero?   way bigger than holding party line. repubs HAVE to step up. YOU!?
...Said the man you takes photos with ISIS!! #Flynn
Why is the Republican leadership in the House and Senate refusing to investigate? Politics before Loyalty to Country is wrong
thank you for being concerned about this - many of us are. Why not more in the GOP?
Good statement, but what are you going to do about a treasonous president not even a legitimate president ? Turning to you.
Would you please investigate Jason Chaffetz??  How could this partisan hack be in charge of an oversight committee??
When Trump goes down, so will the GOP for not doing anything to stop him, and I've got plenty of popcorn. #RIPGOP
Do you think the new attorney general you gladly confirmed will do anything about this? We all know that answer.
Sounds great. Now ACTION! Investigate trump campaign/ Russia connection. SILENCE = CORRUPTION.
YES but you still need to support @POTUS n get out of the SWAMP!
So that's it? I am calling on you to demand further investigation.!
should read complaining not coming lain
I listen to you coming lain abt leaks in WH security and ADM &Trump, sir u never offer&help, just neg comments! Uwork 4 us!
i always thought of you being of right stuff material! This cannot go on!  
So we ignore Russia? How? Anti President, Anti voters?
No one cares what you think, its evident you are a part of the DC establishment that cant stand the SWAMP being drained
Trump admin in disarray.
Why don't you find the mole who is leaking this crap instead of criticism of this admin??
History is going to judge you and your Republic peers very harshly.  Very sad, you of all people.
Seriously did you just thank him?
Resign already!! You are one of the many reasons we need term limits in Congress!
I lost faith in you when you confirmed a public education hater in the position of secretary of education.... #sellout
@nancypelosi You & your Dramacratic ilk are screwing America by scapegoating the POTUS. You Old Goats Lost! Get over it!
We're you the leaker?  #PersonOfInterest
thank you senator for standing up for all democracy loving Americans.
thank you for standing up for our country
You owe it to all American's to demand an investigation into the  matter fully. How could you not? what are you covering-up?
Please help show DC / USA how to put country above politics, investigate @realDonaldTrump and his staff's ties to Russia.
why was he allowed to take office & b privy 2 sensitive info when concerns were raised b4 the election? And motive?
WHERE IS YOUR OUTRAGE CONCERNING HIGH LEVEL LEAKS? Illegal & dangerous!!! Now enemies of our country are changing tactics!
so are you and the rest of Congress going to do anything?  There have been signs of trouble!
What about those tapes of your "talks with Baghdadi"?
Trump ties to Russia too important to ignore. We need an independent investigation. If you said it, people would listen.
If the Republican majority were to follow your example, I'd feel proud of being an American even with Trump. Now I'm ashamed
POTUS tells Russia to hack before election-called a joke-Who's laughing now? Russian missile launch,spy ship off US E coast
the real question is that the wire tap was illegal. Flynn was a private citizen at that point of time Stop obstructing Trump
At this point you and Kasich are the only Republicans I remotely trust.  Please don't let us down. Admire your integrity.
nothing in there about investigating Trump. When are you going to find your backbone? IMPEACH!
plz pressure your fellow Rs to investigate Trump et al Russian ties in light of day! American people deserve better!
what motivates Trump is act in this dangerous and illogical way? Can we see tax returns? Can you investigate?
If you touched it, it's dirty. All I want from you is your retirement.
Please keep the pressure on the administration to expose the truth!  Remind that Trump and all are responsible to the people!
@ABC @NBCNews @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @washingtonpost @CBSNews @cnni
Obvious Russian collusion with trump. Are you defending America?
Thank you for calling it like it is.
Time to retire.
Country before party. Sen McCain. You're one of the GOP I respect. Do what's right and call 4  investigation
Be the decent man you're capable of being. Investigate his restaurant table security breach then come join the Dems.
we need Republican courage or all will be lost.  What can people of good will do when so many ill informed by Fox News?
Many thanks for @SenJohnMcCain for this statement.
immediately ask for a congressional investigation or we will lose all respect for you you are a hero
Thank you for doing the right thing! @SenJohnMcCain
Would never see a democrat going after one of their own.  Tossed my McCain shirt today.  Support the President and your party
I hope you put country over party & call for investigation. The country can't endure 4 years of this.
with friends like John McCain to America who needs enemy's just sayin 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @GenFlynn @mflynnjr Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain talks Russia influence but not Israel http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
Now please insist on an independent enquiry into Russian links 2 this administration. Country B4 party please!!
Whomever gathered/ leaked info about a private call from a US citizen has broken the law - should be arrested and prosecuted!
you don't look forward to working with the Trump Administration you look forward to undermining them every chance you get
@maddow There may be hope yet for Sen McCain to stand up to Russia/Trump on behalf of the American people.  Let us pray!
Thank you

Come on Senator.  You know what to do.  #Russia
thank you! Please please please please stay vigilant
you'll hold Russia accountable but will you hold US govt accountable? We need to know who directed Flynn & why cover the up.
JILL STEIN, PUTIN AND FLYNN CONNECTION??
you stopped being relevant & credible the moment U sold soul & USA To @georgesoros & #ISIS 
RU blackmailed to betray USA due to #PizzaGate ?
Remember Louis Gates, Jr. showed you're related to Geo.Washington, time to put country before party.
@thekiffer Americans are desperate for answers and your lack of leadership and action speak louder than words
The word righteous simply translates as 'just & fair.' The soul of our democracy depends on a just & fair investigation.
,  the poster boy for term limits.
We need an independent intelligence committee to get to the bottom of this and results are made public. Get on board!
Please call for a select committee in the Senate to investigate this week. R u ex Navy with a backbone?
did you know most of us look at you like a hemorrhoid? It's true.
Addendum: Investigate the White House. History and the American people are watching.
The intelligence agencies are politicized & leaking information & you are playing anti Trump politics. Simply disgraceful.
By the time this investigation is through, you'll have a book of statements. #Impeach
You can be a great team player. Just put forth the effort.
#RecallJohnMcCain
He is about party leadership only.  McCain does not fight for the real people in America. Let's be real.  Time to expose him.
Did you vote for Michael Flynn?  Also, why did you vote for Jeff Session? McCain, you need to stand up for the people.
Correction...no senate vote for Flynn.  But did you support him from the beginning as our national security personnel?
I'd rather read your resignation letter.
thank you for your leadership. Counting on you & Graham to uphold & protect our Natl Security. Lead on!
I and tens of millions of Americans demand that the   Congress be brought to a halt until investigative hearings are held
Senator, you are a patriot who puts country first. Lead the charge for independent Congressional investigation !
No one cares what you think, John. We need term limits so people like you can't stagnate in Congress as career choice #getout
.@SenJohnMcCain is a puppet of war profiteer donors. There's full of them in Washington. Follow the money. Shame on you, McCain!
Thank God for John McCain.  A true American hero in every way!  Putting country over party.
There are too many connections btwn this admin and Russians now. The American people deserve answers.
, You are a poster boy for term limits, you are a RINO working the progressive agenda. RETIRE!!!!
No one cares
It's not enough to support Mattis. Support an independent counsel to lead investigation of Trump's ties to Putin's Russia.
My God man, stand up for this country instead of yourself. Its time to have a FULL INVESTGATION of Trump and the Russians.

Do. Your. Job
