Unfortunately this reflects similar divides in our citizen ranks as well.  Bipartisan and compromise are seen as weakness.
McCain should retire!! Useless jerk!! Ashamed I voted for him. Loser, no loyalty.
Send all these men to Dems. Where their  heart & efforts are
You are the biggest partisan of all and traitor to our country.  RETIRE Don't need your lies just to get elected
We need "The Independent Party". Apply for membership. Oath based on 7 principles. Uphold oath or you're out. Anyone can vote independent.
Maybe when you impeach the white supremacist in the oval office, we can start talking about bipartisanship
And you are in the lead.
Just one little problem w that: The DEMS in Congress & President Obama did NOT bully through ACA! They worked hard to get the GOP on board!
@SenJohnMcCain discusses need for #Bipartisanship and instantly both sides say to the other "You first." Sounds about right. 
Yup and your the Biggest One McCain.
False equivalency.   The ACA was debated and had hearings.  The GOP lead by @SenateMajLdr decided to obstruct everything and not govern.
I read where you were, but I distinctly remember Pelosi saying "You can read it after it's passed" in talking to Rs about the ACA.
No Senator. Corporate sponsorship is tearing the system down
Solving healthcare is easier than you think. single payer emergency care is the pathway to affordable Insurance for Primary Care.
Corp ownership is breaking both parties & the fabric of our society. Just one example: NRA used to rep gun owners, now rep gun manufacturers
Your breaking our back filling your pockets
You're breaking the party! Retire NOW
Great. Both are stale and corrupt.  Term limits with Trump creating a new party. I pay support candies that support trump
You win with strength NOT appeasing the wrong side ! (You should know this of all people! )
Republicans only failed because of John McCain.  My military family is wondering what happened to old John McCain who would fight for right
The best solutions come from the middle.  But if it's partisanship you want, just read the responses below.  "My party does no wrong."
Agreed. Both parties are busy being stupid and blaming each other for their collective failures.
Thanks for Sharing!
Senator McCain please continue your fight to have BOTH parties work together.
It won't be long until you, Flake, and Corker are all gone and the swamp will be closer to drained!
And your base won't get its welfare payments! Too bad
And huge $$ from Koch Bros, Mercers.  The more $$ donated, the more senators vote the way big $$ wants them to.
Hey John how much money did you get from Big Pharma to vote no on the healthcare bill you are a POS
Time to force all on Obamacare no exemption
Excuse me, but the Democrats did not cause CHIP to expire. That was the Republican party.
Now that CHIP has expired, here's a chart on when states' funding runs dry.

9 million kids depend on the program. 
This is NOT ok! Stop playing politics and Do what's Right- or have you forgotten unless it serves you! When will ppl open their eyes 
How would a foreign power undermine us? By making us mistrust & hate each other, the media, the est, qualified leaders? I'd say it's working
Right. Russian money during the cold war pumped money into tiny anti war movement until it became huge. Moscow was supporting  north Vietnam
Pot calling the kettle black.  Please retire.
As Churchill said in much tougher times, "If you're going through hell, keep going."
Kudos to @SenJohnMcCain for his call for bipartisan, regular order. Tax reform & other important must-do items will die in current climate.
Please vote YES on the tax cuts!  Your constituents want this.
Have you ever read Peggy Noonan?
Sir... you know hands down Trump's gotta go. Both sides need work and our entire country needs to heal but with every 'tweet' it gets worse.
To many Obama Clones in this country. Brain washed!
I recommend reading David Kaiser's blog. Very informative. http://historyunfolding.blogspot.com .
Couldn't agree more. I've been an independent because both sides are people, many with good ideas. We should support ideas not parties.
No you all are the true sense of Swamp Creatires finally exposed We the People have subjected to your agendas for years not ours! #NoMore
I agree.
It is breaking America
Maybe that bipartisan win could come with CHIP. Or do we not even agree children matter b/c that's how it is now.
as far as dems refusing to get serious about taxes... maybe they will when they don't literally screw the middle class.
trickle down does not work!  you KNOW this to be true @SenJohnMcCain
Love how you try to justify lying hundreds of times to your constituents. You sold your voters out.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You're the one breaking us! Please resign
No your Back-Stabbing, lack of respect of campaign pronises, & your bitter & resentment is destroying de GOP. You don't act as a "hero".
No John it's CORRUPT CONGRESS on the TAKE. No Integrity.
Can Paul Ryan’s face be photoshopped out before congressional photos are published?  His smug grin makes me wanna 
"government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem."  Only 1 party says that.
The Republi"CON" Boi Band
How about you #impeach and put someone more qualified in the @potus seat.
Say what you will, this is TOTALLY R's bullshit. Not born yesterday.
@APPropst Why is bipartisanship so hard to come by in the House and Senate?
It may be breaking both parties, but yr party is enabling this monster president solely to hand the nation over to robber barons. STOP THEM
There was a time when both sides worked together for the good of the people but not anymore.  Shameful children.
I think the Republicsns have a good running start on the Democrats.
No, it's just plain horses asses on both sides
All I can think of, when I see this picture, is how much these men have lied to all of us. There is no coming back from the lies.
I agree with every word!
1 side is fighting for basic life. The other now fights overwhelmingly for $$/wealthy taxes & anachronistic religious law over those rights.
That needs to be fixed massively. 1st
Where was the vote on CHIP? Your colleagues are trying to kill kids #resist #probirthnotprolife
You have to give Trump credit for the harm he has done, intentionally, to the ACA. Gerrymandering gets us extreme GOP reps. Let's fix that.
We have the best congress money can buy.  Apparently a weak dollar doesn't buy much these days.
Piss on you john, traitor
What I call "The Partisan Vortex" is the most destructive dynamic we face today.
Only one party is wholly owned by a fascist, international, criminal mob - yours.
Don’t worry too much @Peggynoonannyc .... we are working on resolving this by replacing the establishment.
McCain,
Start supporting your President.
This whole show goes Liberal Democrat Communist, it's on you.
Ass Hole.
JP, MM2(SS)
NSA Saigon 1968
Merrick Garland.
And John McCain is not helping to unify congress.
Well, maybe it is, but the Dems don't want to work with Republicans and they started the partisan 51 vote when they were a majority.
Senator McCain - you aren't part of the solution, you're part of the problem. Your actions only split GOP even further.
Or just read every tweet written by every American.
What is breaking the GOP is the hatred of the President by the establishment aka “you”!
No you are. The dems don't want to be bipartisan if they did scotus nominee would have gotten more then ZERO votes . Term limits MAGA
Meanwhile the American people watch the bickering and backstabbing..work together.  The divisive and party politics is hurting our country.
Sorry,  you lost me at Peggy Noonan.
A photo of complete Fools
Everytime I see Ryan I want to slap that smirk off of his face.
You are right John. We need both. Neither should ever exclude ideas offered but work toward consensus as they did on ACA
Progressivism is maybe what you mean
Self-serving greed and short-sighted intellectually-veiled anti-America stupidity is breaking both parties.
Thank God we have #POTUS @realDonaldTrump
#MAGA
True, and partisanship will MAKE both parties, Who are supposed to be serving the public!
The Dolphin Queen Sings Songs Of Love
Democrats refuse to give tax breaks to billionaires republicans are a disgrace to the people of the United States
One Vote Johnie as usual you have more say. Step down.  You lost the election
From right to left, vulture, greed , ashamed, hiding, and out front far left the flip flopper
As a life long drain on the Federal Government, Americans spoke against life long politicians like yourself by electing Trump.

They're silence speaks volumes.
Yet @SenJohnMcCain understands the need to talk out the issues with both sides.
Yes, but one party is making it much worse. Hint: it’s not the Democrats.... #resist #maga
Ted Cruz = A+. The rest of the RINO dickheads = F.
Why can't our legislators vote for what's best for our country, rather than what's best for their party?
1/Honestly, while it has done more to one party than it has the other, you aren't wrong, either.
2/ It's about right and wrong. John McCain, we ask that you publicly rebuke the President once again.
Sen. McCain, I'm sorry for your health issue. My son graduated USNA and you gave Com speech, moving. Thanks/4service
Because of closet liberal DummyCraps like you! Thank God American voters did not elect you POTUS! #MAGA #draintheswamp
Anyone suggesting party offering massive cuts for the rich is the 'serious' party cannot themselves be taken seriously. #falseequivalence
McCain is a RINO who is a divisive force within the GOP. The GOP would be well on the way to MAGA but for this political traitor.
GOP must take the lions share of the blame here, and McConnell is one of the worst. Oh, and thanks for unhinged Trump too!
You are a hero! Keep our democracy safe.
Work together but not to line the pockets of the %1 they have enough money.
And stop all the lying we are not stupid.
We are watching!
You neglect to mention the Republicans vowed to make Obama a one term president and negotiate in good faith on our health care in 2009-10.
Time for a combo party of GOP, Dems, one for the people, by the people, of the people.
And you are one of the leaders of the pack!!!
The GOP needs to impeach Trump. If they don't, they are his accomplices. We need your help. Be the hero again. Save America.
The most corrupt of the corrupt!
You ought to know.  You are the partisan who is really a Dem.
Turncoats like you are breaking the Republican Party RINO
I agree that the partisanship on both sides of the political aisle is going to be our undoing. I cannot in good conscience support Trump.
SENATOR McCain..., so well spoken!!!
3 hundred bills passed in congress ZERO passed in Senate..we have a swamp that needs to be cleaned out...both sides against American voters
You are breaking ours that's for sure McTraitor.
Yeah. Like you got a lot done.  Go home man. You are sick.
Mr McCain, name one time you and Mich McConnell negotiated with President Obama in good faith to reach a compromise on taxes
Our founder were leaders with foresight into the future. The very documents they put together to establish how this country would be govern
Speaks to their wisdom and love for country. They stood for more then word and politics is not what drove them. The pious, pompous attitudes
Of those today think they are of the elite and the common businesses man, property owner is beneath their greatness smooth politicians
Thus straight talking no holding back DJT is not good enough to grace their ivory towers of power. HE doesn't fit their idea of them
That are a shamed of DJT and many are because they to think they a the real elite. The ones who get to control the outcomes.
They want DJT to fail because he doesn't fit into their mold BOTH are the party's of failures. Straight talk is what is needed. Real men
Real women not afraid to say it like it is. You want to change things do as out forefather stand for this country as DJT does support him
Money is what is controlling everyone of them including the hero/maverick How many receive $ from MEDIA MATTERS or George Soros or packs?
Why do you continually show how petty you are ? If you can't help, get out of the way!  Americans are tired of you!
U'm sick of this "dems refuse to get serious on taxes" I'm tired of deficits only being an issue when there is a Democrat in the White House
#TaxCuts for the rich would add trillions to the #Defiecit and in the end poor would have higher taxes The #Narrative has no validity #Shame

80% to the #rich. ALL economists agree trickle down doesn't work and will NOT bring #manufacturing back. #MiddleClass need Medicare etc.
It's time.for a bi-partisan vote to impeach.  Both parties would win the majority of the American people approval.
Hey those Russian Sanctions, not looking good John, lol
No, it is all of you corrupt politicians trying to dismantle America!!
That will last a minute Get real
And you are screwing up the President 's agenda by you hatred for Trump and all things conservative!
now that's a pitiful bunch
Nooo .. Ur all criminals and ppl are finally waking up ...
At least we won't have to worry about voting John McCain out
You can't appease Dems like NAZI's. Win just win
Mitch McConnell forgot 'the people'
NOBODY'S SMILING EXCEPT PUTZ RYAN!  WHAT'S HE ON???
How about we start with getting rid of @realDonaldTrump and take our country back????
People need to come first - we need more than two parties anyhow
Ms. Noonan put together a great column. Senator McCain, thanks for tweeting. Hang tough sir.  Thanks
Try real tax cuts to the middle and stop trying to give it all to the top. We are tired of getting pissed on w/trickle down failures!
You will stand up to POSpotus on healthcare.  What about nuclear war?  When will the @GOP stop this madman from starting WW3?
Yes. We are Americans first and need to work together for the good of the country.
You are a traitor to AZ.
Mr McCain you and the the republicans silence speaks volumes. I'm so disappointed. Thought you were a real patriot.sau something
I love when @SenJohnMcCain recommends  an article. I then immediately know it will be left leaning, lazy writing that is a waste of time
There is no both parties in our Government. Only "The Aristocratic Party" is D and R disquise. And Mr McCain, you are a leader!
Really? You are a major cause McCain.
as long as the repubs WON'T raise the taxes on the wealthy and LOWER taxes on the middle class & poor.KEEP ON FIGHTING DEMOCRATES!
No McCain  I voted Republican and somehow I got a Senator who don't like or Support the POTUS. I didn't vote for your sensitive feelings
If goal was to fix healthcare+tax code can be done in a NY minute.Won't because special interests OWN CONGRESS;Only hope is don't OWN Trump
There is no difference between the Party's which is why Congress has 13% approval & why you hate the outsider Trump. Voters know.  #MAGA
John 
Thank you. Keep up the good work.
Thanks to you
With great respect for you & Ms Noonan: this claim of "but both parties" is untrue. Repub party is in schism of historic import. Hurting US.
And leaving us at the mercy of Trump and his ilk
“I think there is blame on both sides”
Thank you for being the voice of reason. Please lead the Republican charge to #Impeach45 Time to take back the Party.
Shut up john the traitor, just quit john. We dont want you or need you. #maga
Sigh. Another version of "both sides". No, Dems are not going to fall for the disastrous 40 yr. GOP "Taxes!" myth. Neither do most Americans
I agree BUT where do we go from here?
Can you get trump to stop trying to provoke N. Korea to WWIII?
Only people breaking party lines is republicans not one single dem has... you're being played john
If you had chosen a more suitable running mate than Palin I would have voted for you. I think
Stfu Mc Shame
"Tax code is too complicated" isn't nearly as big a problem as the wealthy don't pay enough, and Republicans want them to pay even less.
No, it is not ‘partisanship’ it is called ‘Provokatsiya’ and is a very very active component of US /Russia relations right now @20committee
McCain is so right!!! It's unfortunate that he never became president. Too bad, they forced him to run with Palin- his biggest mistake!
Sen McCain, good interview with James Baker if you see & get a chance. I heard the 1st 20 min. Well worth my time.
Old school Republican Senators lead on by fake news stories and Dems daily in lockstep on talking points swamp dwellers must go in 2018
NOT BOTH parties.. GOP started this extreme partisan fight ! Don't drag dems into it...we are just trying to hold the fort! From extremism
Leaves many of us fiscally conservative, LGBT/CHIP/PP/fair tax/pay/climate change believer/supportive people out n the cold
Your party is rotting like a bad egg -looks ok outside but when cracked open it will gage you. Starts at the top Repeal/Replace Republicans
If you have 300 House passed bills & Senate Majority Leader has got 0 of them to floor/vote its not fault of bartisanship it's Leadership
Thank goodness someone is recognizing the obvious
And partisanship based in animosity divides our country, especially when the people are in the middle, Sen McCain.
You just can’t stop stoking the flames, can you McCain.I voted for you,but it’s obvious you hate trump from winning when you didn’t. Grow up
Dear Senator, I think the 2 bases of the parties has hijacked them , especially since most people R center left/right. Keep Fighting Senator
Democrats Control Bills in Senate weather in control of Senate or not suggest we look at funding of McCain ,Collins & Murkowski ( payoffs)
How about the Keating 5. You remember you were a part of it. How you were not imprisoned was a miracle
I wish You Were President McCain ! @realDonaldTrump
Retire McCain! PLEASE
