@SenateGOP PLEASE STOP LISTENING TO THIS GUY.
Agree! Wish news would stop interviewing him. Who cares what he thinks? He's still mad from 1 comment.
And the thing about it is he said first that anyone who would vote for Trump was crazy Just like he called Ted Cruz a Jackass on Senate floo
Real nice man (sarcasm there). He may not b around 4 long if ppl of AZ have their way. He's definitely not doing his job.
They should be screaming for recall of this POS
His own strategy? Bet that's quality. Maybe if not so involved in his own self he would do right by AZ and the USA. RINO
If you want the prez to formulate a strategy, ask B. Obama to articulate his...then the Donald will adopt opposite
Do the American people a favor and get out of politics.
Put this traitor out to pasture, he is of no value to the GOP, he only helps criminal democrats.
is this a cover for your healthcare vote?
McCain working on Tonkin Gulf incident to get us into war with N. Korea. He wants to see WW3 before his date w/ devil in hell for eternity
Amen. He's just no good!

F mccain in a gay way. Traitor
Don't know, don't care been here two days to speak my mind and don't care to have followers. I can be me without a crowd. True American
RINO
You may never sit behind a Presidential seal, but you are being presidential in a time it is sorely lacking, thank you.
He is a coward, his fellow vets hate him. He should just fade away
Regurgitating Trumps words, that's an original comment; pretty easy to walk a path, when you're following a flock of sheep. Smh
I am not a Trumper, I am an American. I support guns, taxes where needed, teach your children, and support yourself. So Hillary for prison
You are an evil man! Retire already! 
His plan is the SAME plan NEVER used from 2001 through 2015! Just more smoke screens, deception and insanity from the establishment goons
Cut losses and sub let Afghan problem to Pakistan. Get it done cheaply.
Who care liar, you did not repeal obamacare. Iiar. Liar, Liar.
Come on John. Do what your constituents want you to do R&R obamacare. Why have you joined the 'resistance '? Get busy & do your job.
looks like McCain is talking up Afghan situation to cover his vote on healthcare.  He just hates the president.
you should work WITH the president and not tell everybody your strategy let the president telegraph strategy if he wants to tell the enemy
If the USA want to win war in Afghanistan first they must take care of Pakistan because all terrorists coming from Pakistan to Afghanistan.
Like his strategy for Syria unlimited bloodshed and occupation.
McCain is no military expert
Too bad you not liked and werent liked enough to get voted in america prefered the first black over you lolololo
#RepealReplaceMcCain & #FakeNews  -   It's an anchovie & marshmallow sandwich. Fishy & sticky politician/media. #MAGA
Nobody cares what you think, seriously man? You're not the President and you lost that election too! Again, you are a republican traitor! 
@SenJohnMcCain where has it been all these past years? You have had time to get your plans and ideas together now step down! #draintheswamp
Who cares.  You have been in congress too long.  You sat on your butt for 8 years w/Obama and did nothing!!  You are a traitor & a democrat.
Nobody cares what you think ...you traitor!!!
You forget ... you are NOT in charge! You are but an obstruction cog in the wheel!!
Donald Trump is President not you
You're not president. No one cares about your strategy especially after you single handily defeated "repeal & replace" RINO.
McCain is no Republican, he is a Democrat of the lowest denomination and should be considered a traitor to the GOP.
You're strategy? What's that? Get shot down, get special treatment from the enemy, become a faux hero, lose the presidency, then obstruct?
Hello!!! U r not president. U haven't done anything about Afghanistan in yrs & all of sudden u have answers? No, u don't. #GodBlessAmerica
You're not president. You were soundly defeated when you ran. Stop trying to act like a president when you don't do your current job well.
Love  it you are spot on
How bout announcing your plans for retirement!?  TERM LIMITS!
McCain plan i s to give the bad guys more guns this guy is bad for America
Already has
He was a traitor in vietnam and still, don't trust the words that come outta his mouth
Where was your passion for a fight with Obama?  Oh, I forgot your a @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @foxandfriends @FoxNews @rushlimbaugh @CNN
SENATOR McCain I DON'T THINK I SHOULD GET INVOLVED IN CERTAIN STRATEGY !BUT I THINK IF WE OFFER TO FEED THE STARVING WORLDWIDE WE WOULD+++
We strongly support our President and his agenda. We also strongly oppose those that get elected to support one party and support the other!
SENATOR WE WOULD TAME THE WORLD THROUGH THEIR STOMACHS!
Traitor Sen McCain want to ruin his legacy by bashing Trump and now all truth comes out about him,,, sad
https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
He's so full of hate and evil like the rest of the democrats. His legacy will be TRAITOR and a LIAR!  What a shame!  Disgraceful!  MAGA 
To call him a traitor is to kind

No doubt you would win outright
Crash plane behind enemy lines and become a Radio star condemning America,confess to war crimes and come home to a pardon. I Miss anything?
Рожа выше всех похвал...
How many times are you TWEETING this NOTHING AFGHANISTAN SOUND BITE! Oh wait ten times and people start to believe it RIGHT! WRONG!1st
Stop trying to be relevant. You had your chance. No votes for you ever. You blew it.
It is so sad to see what may have been an intelligent guy become a diminished shadow of his former self.
Maybe you can start your own country. Call it Assholia.
If the Afghans themselves are not willing to fight for their own freedoms, Why should the US continue to pay with our blood & treasure?
Choosing Sarah Palin as your  running mate proved what a horrible politician you are. You should retire and go away. Get well. #TermLimits
You criticize @POTUS for harsh words about N Korea but at least he didn't sing stupid song you hypocrite.
Forget about Afghanistan! We can't afford Obamacare! You should be in DC right now working on that!
Talk about a Napoleon Complex, McCain not only thinks he is the President, he thinks he is an General.
Have you heard your not the president -we did not vote for you - you cant even do your job as a senator please retire
Great!!  Now how about a strategy for North Korea?  Wait! I have one!  Impeachment!!!
You need to officially switch to the liberal Democratic party, the base of the RNC already knows you are in fact a RINO!
Wouldn't it be nice if he had a strategy for the people of Arizona?
Don't need strategy from a "wet start" navy man responsible for the deaths of his fellow navy men!
What would that be...nation building?  No thanks!  Drop the bombs and get out of that hellhole

1) You'll never be our @POTUS; 2) You'll always be a #traitor (only free thanks to Nixon); 3) Isn't your death bed calling you yet?? #Retire
when you are this old, this sick, and that traitorous....u need 2 go man...u need 2 go
tweet it out songbird
"Erik Prince’s Afghanistan Plan Could Boost His Company — And China":
USA will not make something good
. Shutup about Afghanistan and blaming trump. Nobody has confidence in you you are a democrat hiding as republican yourou
Right on Senator!
looks like the cancer attacking his brain makes him think he won the 2008 election. JESUS H CHRIST.
Not your place pal .. sit down
Please go away McCain
McCain is a RINO vote this crook out!
Does everyone else get sick and tired of McCain tooting his horn on the liberal media, never supports our president, traitor to the party!
McCain, what a joke, this stuff has already been discussed as if it's your own idea, try supporting the President or change parties!

In other words @SenJohnMcCain is THREATENING not signing funds unless @POTUS signs bill. 
#1 we r onto u, John 
#2 U aren't President
 #3 NO
You are not helping jumping back and forth, retire and#maga go away and stay

No one cares what you think.
Take care and please retire. We want new leadership and not the career political class.
Hate to break it you you, but someone has to do it. Here it is: You're not the president.
Senator. PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY FROM TRUMP before it is too late????
Maybe you should focus on North Korea at the moment
Now I wish @SenJohnMcCain was president
I know threaten to move there and run for president (om gosh he just might do that) RT it might get him out of the senate
McCainswitch plan, walk force fully towards front of senate thow out you right had and with  resounding NO give Afghanistan thumbs down lol
Same strategy you used for your presidential campion  wow if we thought Obama was bad he looks great compared to you
Really, been there for the duration but frustrated with 200 day POTUS, what were you waiting for, isn't this kinda your job...
NOBODY Voted 4 you John fall in Line you are Not Running SHIT!  All you are doing is proving Is that Rep's R Crooked AF!
Gonna try to find you somewhere else.  Not signed into twitter but I saw remark.  Not good for the  lol
JohnMcCain for president
McCain is nothing. Fake war hero. couldn't slaughter Vietnamese mission cut short by Russians.
Warmonger McCain advocating for what would've been a Clinton agenda ! RINO gop traitor now thinks he is the Potus !
Except for the fact that he is NOT POTUS,
Who Cares What He Thinks? That's Why Trump Is President Not McCain!! Thank God!!
McCain, your not the president.  You cant even unite a senate on healthcare. Your voice means nothing, you have failed the will of americans
Work on an Obamacare solution please.
Remember "Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran?" That was classic and less people got hysterical over that
Disappointed
Sen, American ppl not interested.  Time to get of Afghanistan - there 16 yrs & can nvr leave.
Guess what TRAITOR we don't care what u think
and we all now how war hungry you are.-you make lots of money off war Senator-we all know where the money goes..to terrorist and your pocket
Hmmm, who asked the Senator for his plan?  He's not the President/
George Soros probably asked for it. They just found rare-earth minerals there, and he and his buddies want their natural resources.
Also, rare earths have vast potential not only militarily, but economically, of course. So he's probably got lots of lobbying flying his way
you are aware you lost the Presidency just like your buddy Hillary...give it up now...work on your health and please retire..TERM LIMITS
Time for you to retire.  You are jealous of  Trump because he has the job you wanted.
If this plan is anything like your Obamacare repeal please don't bother.  You lost all of our respect.
U are not President!!
John your not the President for many good reasons. Do America a favor and just shut up. You have done nothing to help our country. RETIRE!!!
No one cares
You are not the president and never will be. The American people didn't want you then and we still don't want you now. Go away already.
I'm sorry you had a chance to be president but you choked. Your strategy is worthless, let Mattis do his job & you can switch Parties.
Retire,quit,move on
@realDonaldTrump  is @POTUS  now. He will be making the decisions. If you can't support his policies change parties.
definitely don't need someone like you traitor. Ever heard give me liberty or give me death not make 23 anti american vids to save your skin
more fake news by the traitor
Go away traitor
If CNN likes you and the Democrat likes you you got to know you're doing something wrong when you ran for president where were they
I hope nobody takes you serious it looks like you're a crazy man if you do care they give up all your money and live like the rest of us
In addition to Sr McCain's, the western support must also cease for the terrorists within #Arg #Atmar #Ghani #Gulbadin
Are you going back to crash another jet?
His plan - give the enemy ObamaCare - that will wipe them out!
Tell us SONGBIRD, funny how it's taken 3 presidents and a round of chemo for you formulate a strategy
Your the one that's  been in WA DC for years nit Trump. Please work together on this and health care.  The Republicans are letting us down
You are not the president or secretary of defense.  Do your job and repeal Obomacare
He's not Commander in Chief. He betrayed us in 'Nam. Responsible 4 the Forrestal inferno. Betrayed Americans his while career. Shut up.
We're not interested. You aren't commander in chief. Never said a word to Obama about Iran and all the other appeasement.
McCain is out of the loop. That's what happens when you don't support your Party and Party POTUS. Doing great without McCain.
Ja just like flying over RVN -
Idiot
Very fishy Trump considering Blackwater 2.0!
Who care what you talk about  we are sick of you and the games you play
Please please please go away
You are not the President (thank God). You don't get to decide policy. Resign now, spend time with your family for God's sake. Please!
Bannon faction will prevail because the neo-con strategy and Arab Spring are disasters.More military=Mccain #stupidity
He's trying to win over the people to look good...we see right through you McCain, it's too late for you
from the same guy that said in the '08 campaign "We could be in Iraq for a 100-years."
You couldn't even beat Obama. You lied to the people of Arizona who elected you. You treat us w/ disdain, you ignore our opinions. Retire.
Why don't u join the military again.. sir
With all due respect senator, you are not focusing well. You are focusing on the wrong issue at the moment.
Send me. What the hell. Maybe I make peace with them also. Then I get benefits if I should survive.
McCain doing trump's job
Yeah retire..You lost any respect.
John mccain's brain is too old and outdated for any new strategy. He just need to go on and retire.  We dont need his 2-cents anymore.


I guess he thinks he is the president. Please shut up John McCain
He couldn't figure out health care so we don't need him talking
You ran for president and lost. We don't need your plans.. Retire now....
Yea inform of the flight plan so they can shoot down more planes
Pass healthcare and tax cuts...then someone might listen to you
Go home John you aren't president. Maybe you should have worried about this during the last administration.
You screwed up health care and deserted the people.... your family must be proud
And keep Blackwater out of it. Erik Prince extremely scary. Disgusted Republican here.
Demand @SenJohnMcCain to step down as chairman of foreign policy
@POTUS bone spurs keeping him from coming up with plan. Complete conman phony @DRUDGE_REPORT @SenateMajLdr @nytimes @seanhannity @MSNBC
Pls leave it to our leader...he has surrounded himself with the best! This conservative woman would love to see needed change!! RINO
Her firaunun bir musa si vardir
Always a maverick too bad you could have helped the US
OMG.   All we want from you is REPEAL!!!
What's your strategy for North Korea?
The #POTUS will take care of it. I'm sure he doesn't need your help, #RINO. I see #CNN is covering you since a real news source wouldn't.
John, I'm a liberal democrat, but you KNOW POTUS is off the rails. You're in a position to RALLY GOPS to stop the madness.  For America..
McCain's on his way out! In final days, he's trying 2 B more relevant & constantly on News! Wants 2 make sure he makes it in history books!!
Why are you so against President Trump, I think you are hurting everyone right now.
Is it better than Getting the WMDs from Iraq or 
Syria
You're not a damn President, you just like being a stinking democrat.
That's just what we need a war plan from someone that has a brain tumor.
Retire already!
The Party is sick and tired of McCain. He list his credibility with the people if the Party. A True Den at Heart.
Wow it only took him 7 years. He didn't do it for the military,  he did it to fight with the POTUS. He us a Traitor to the party.
Your priority needs 2 B in the Senate! U held up the Defense Bill,  that was scheduled 2 B voted on 1st week of August, bc U weren't there!
How SELFISH of U!! Shame on you 4 not letting the Senate get the Defense Bill passed!! These crashes & military deaths are on you! TRAITOR!
One of JM'S great qualities....He's a team player.
GOING TO ARM NK LIKE YOU DID ISIS?
McCain is not President.  Sec. of Defense looking and researching.  What part did John not get with possible 5k contractors. Why pushing?
John you lost you are not the President, or even the leader of the republican party. If you can't support your party go away
His strategy is to be against everything other Republicans are for. Needs to be removed from committee. His mental judgement is in question
I wish you well. However-the responsible thing to do, when battling a brain tumor & your mental health can be questioned, is resign.
You're not the Pres thank god
