The traitor, so called hero, Maverick my rear end. Loves to be pampered by the same media who tore him to shreds in 2008. I won't watch.
Yikes! I like ppl who think 4 themselves & don’t just follow the party line. I see this hyper-partisanship as really damaging 2 our country.
The problem is that BOTH parties are going their own way and ending up in the same place bankrupting America. @SenJohnMcCain is a sellout.
I see the problem as bigger than that. We are losing middle class due to automation. Too many ppl will not be able to afford insurance.
What then?  Do we just let ppl die because they can’t afford healthcare? These are difficult and big questions.
When all of the empty promises lead to a bankrupt America (and it is coming) then who will pay for their health care?  #unrealistic
I have concerns about the $$$ too. That’s why I am not for lowering taxes for many wealthier people. And capital gains taxes too underpaid.
You clearly don't get it! Those same people you'd tax are the people that create the jobs Americans need. You'd tax them out of business.
And how you lied to Arizonans to get re-elected
Lowest ratings in 60 minutes since 2001...go away mccains
American hero
He got worse after ISIS was defeated in Syria.

Prayers for you and your family. Thank you for your many years of service to our nation. 
Thoughts and prayers coming your way.....
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you, Senator, for your courage throughout your life & for refusing to cave on healthcare.
Even with brain cancer, he's light years ahead of Trump as a leader.  The only Republican I ever considered voting for as President.
Inspiring interview with Senator McCain. He's a true class act. No surprise he acts with integrity and puts people ahead of politics
Shocked and appalled at the comments from @GOP. I'll bet they call themselves good Christians. #Hypocrites #FakeChristians
thank you john McCain for serving and being of man of honor
Tired of hearing from this loser
Is this guy qualified anymore to make decisions for a country.
More qualified than Dotard Trump  The @potus you worship, Dementia Don is the laughing stock of the world!
Needs to go, we need limited terms, he has been in the Senate to long, works for the lobbyists.  Respect for his service, but must go!!
Screw John McCain. Just like he screws the American people. Can't wait till he's gone.
A man who can die and know he has done enough. Thank you, Senator. But please...stay a while longer?
Hes got time for interviews but no time to keep his campaign promises with some states hc premiums & deductables up 200%
Please retire you represent your own self promotion
@MeghanMcCain  I know this, he has a brain full of Commie values.  Except for his own life which he like a $20million net worth.
I'm not sure what not to watch first, the NFL's garbage, or this crap. Guess I'll Tivo this so I can not watch it later.
Mccain needs to switch sides and go be a dem. Damn traitor.
My father died of brain cancer Myelodysplasia a similar blood disease to leukemia.He was also a trooper going through radiation/transfusions
Go away
We need insurance
This man, this hero, embodies what it means to be a patriot! Bless you sir, bless you!
oh my, don't give this guy any airtime. even if he wasn't a party sell out, he has still been a disgrace to arizona residents for years
We need to impeach McCain!  Time to go!
The Maverick my ass! He should tender his resignation and spend his final days with his family. Might salvage his legacy some.
TRAITOR BACK THEN......TRAITOR NOW!!!
Time to retire!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, U r a true #Hero and an #AmericanPatriot. Disregard all the negative talk - U have my and my family's respect.
The idiot is a traitor.
Have no desire to listen to this man who lied to get elected!
Karma is a Bit@#, What goes around comes around.
Sorry I’ll have to miss it, a rerun of sponge bob is on.
@SenJohnMcCain Excellent interview!
So Jogn McCain must be on Obamacare, right?
@SenJohnMcCain won't pass 00bama care he gets the worlds best taxpayer HC money can buy. But make sure i pay 645.
 month for care its fair
Will not watch this Rino!! He is a traitor to the Republican party.
If this ass hat is not on Obamacare to pay for his cancer treatment I don’t give two shits about him. My dad died waiting on Obamacare.
Who gives a shit .. better to watch re runs of hee haw
I hope the interview view gets done tonight . Damn sports Interferes with my good TV watching. I hate sports and their attitude too
The sports world will not run my life I can always play a good movie. Sports are over exaggerated and unimportant in reality. ...
Much so that is so called fans do this and avoidance of playing in the yard with their very own children
BEHOLD THE DRAIN BRAMAGE LESSON 101 CASE STUDY OF JOHN McBRAIN.
POPCORN PLEASE.
Who cares
A lone voice in the wilderness. Why are so many elites pro Assad?? @RichardEngel @RichardHaass @Morning_Joe @GMA
Until the butcher #Assad goes, the war in #Syria will grind on https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/syria-opposition-told-to-come-to-terms-with-assads-survival/2017/08/24/71869be6-88cd-11e7-96a7-d178cf3524eb_story.html?utm_term=.0be81ed6d954 …
I think I will purge my dogs anal glands instead of watching this traitor lie about his life, career and probably his illness too.
Who cares, he votes just to cause trouble.
He votes to save lives!!!#
Thank you for your advocacy us on the ACA repeal.  You mist have been under tremendous pressure from TrumpRepubs.  Still a Stand Up Guy.
who gives a shit about a trader i know @60Minutes
Sorry McCain is sick, but not gonna watch
30yrs in the Senate & his only 2 accomplishments killing thousands of Veterans over the yrs threw  inaction at VA and dying in office sad
#trump #MAGA #MondayMotivation

The @SenJohnMcCain legacy will be that of someone obstructing progress. He will be remembered for hurting AZ
I won't watch
Is he going to discuss how he let not only the people of Arizona down with his lies, but America as well?
@MeghanMcCain I will pass. I pray for McCain's recovery but reject his disrespect of his promises and party.
Nobody cares! Trying to build a legit legacy. Nobody is fooled. You sold out and betrayed the people of AZ
let's see if anyone asks about the propaganda tape he made in 69
NOT A CHANCE.
Omg I just dont care!!
Tonight, Lesley Stahl sits down with Sen. John McCain to discuss his life, his career and his illness. http://cbsn.ws/2hrboDI 
Hope Leslie & John enjoy their private talk.
Sorry I can't watch...I have a ditch to dig
Both parties are being destroyed by old establishment politicians. We need term limits. It makes zero sense to not have them
Make sure not to watch this turn coat
Will not be watching.
Pass!
Who gives a shit
I used to think he was honorable. Will NOT be watching.
Another program to boycott..traitor
@SenJohnMcCain is a liar Failed AZ voters
oh look the guy who promised healthcare reform and won't work w/ Donald trump!  Wish you well....but can't wait to see u retire
The Manchurian Candidate will discuss his body of lies that make up his fraudulent existence.
Sorry he has cancer, but I'll be glad when he's out of office!
John the TRAITOR is NOT hero NOT a MAVERICK. He is a ZEROOOOOOOO. Shame on you John. #boycott @60Minutes
No thanks
@SenJohnMcCain ask him how it feels 2have insurance 4his medical bills during his brain cancer as many in his state don't hv ins due Ocare
He does not have brain cancer.  He was given a nice reminder on how to vote and how to speak.
I hope he tells us of his plans for retirement
No, thanks
Thumbs down to this story. I will watch QVC instead
Won't be watching that
Obstructionist and sore loser
Lifer politician net worth $20 million how.  Name 3 things he's done in office. Can't Just got rich off of corruption & tax paying Americans
Drain the swamp. Most Americans will be happy if John the TRAITOR doesn't return back to DC anymore
Nobody cares!!!
Thank god he didn't win in 2008.  He is a liberal in disguise.
For sure I will not watch.
Is she going to ask him why he became a @SenateDems ?
His treason, his sedition, his preferred party (the Dems)
Who cares what this traitor has to say. I will show him the respect he shows us. Zero!!!
Neither will i
THANKS FOR THE WARNING! I DON'T WATCH ANYWAY BUT IT'LL BE PARTY AT BERNIES! THEY'LL BOTH B PROPED UP TALKING BUT LIPS NOT MOVING! 
McCain sickness has affected his thinking not that I wish any sickness on any human being but he is not being fair to his Republican voters
Senator John McCain works for the special interest and the lobbyist not for Americans.  He's not my hero

John McCain, what America stands for – but what happened?
"John McCain, specifically, when he ran for reelection last year, went out and campaigned on the fact that the ObamaCare bill is a disaster"
Who cares & why watch it? Worthless Senator.
Sure YOU have the BEST HEALTHCARE.  I can't AFFORD any.  So many Americans SICK AND ILL and can't afford Doctors and u are SCREWING AMERICA
#JohnMcCain DOES NOT deserve our respect, and I consider him a traitor to our cause!
Thank you, John, for your service.
@John McCain I’m asking that you be on the right side of history Vote YES 4 repealing & replacing Obamacare it is hurting people PutUSA1st
Senator McCain, thank you for your service and for promoting bipartisan work on healthcare. My father had a Glioblastoma.
His prognosis wasn’t good but the focus for him was on family and legacy. I know he went on to be with God just as you will.
I’ve seen him since. You and your family are in my prayers but let this be a time for your family and to do the right things.
God bless.
#elected by fraud #GOPimposter
All you need to know:

1 - He's a Democrat
2 - He is bankrolled by George Soros
3 - He's so old he literally pulls hamstrings farting
He’s a veteran that is dying and you say these disgusting things. Thought Republicans had all the Christians. What’s wrong with you?
Another virtue signaller lecturing me today. I'm so ashamed.
Yes. You should be ashamed. I expressing virtues and you seemingly lacking any.
Keep going. This is funny.
If you’re laughing at my father’s death and the fact that McCain has the same Glioblastoma, no. You are being reported.
Watching !
Paid for RHINO. Hillarys bed partner
I have better things to do than watch the media fawn over a traitor, liar, coward murderer that campaigns to repeal than proudly votes 2save
And his lying to his constituents?  They are the ones that deserve an explanation on why he betrayed them. Will he address them tonight?
@SenJohnMcCain NO he won't 
  He has the finnest taxpayer health care  money CAN BUY bar none.
1 thing about McCain his life & career & his illness is covered by 1 outstanding fact HE IS A TRAITOR 2 THE USA AND THE PEOPLE WHO DEFEND IT
Hope Mr. McCain is doing ok. Do not agree with most of what he is doing in Senate now. Hope he is voting his belief & not just vindictive.
Boycotting!!!!
John McCain is a traitor to the American people. He needs his medical insurance deleted now like he did ours.
THX FOR BEING A HERO
McCain's brain was seen n/b on I-95. McCain was seen s/b on I-95. Will someone turn him around. RETIRE Brutus
Ask him why he does not do the honorable thing and retire and be with his family?
Ask him how long he's gonna make us suffer before he croaks.
On 6/29/67, canary John McCain intentionally wet-started his jet.  The result 134 sailors killed and 62 injured. https://www.johndenugent.com/images/John-McCain-Forrestal-Fire-Dec-09-judicial-inc.pdf …
Who cares.  I read his book. Learned he was shot down in Vietnam because he didn't follow his commander's orders.  Wanted to be hot shot.
Who cares. Msm loves him. Does that surprise anyone?
So glad to see him back working. I don't always agree with John but he does have my respect
Tell him how much I love him!
I’ll be watching. In my book, you are a statesman, representing the best interests of all Americans.. By God, you have courage & character.
STICK TO YOUR CONVICTIONS 
@ john mccain   until do apart  form y   beloved cindy    wife   that y  will  sleep on the cold  with the devils  like  y   ditry  devil
Please ignore the trolls/bots here!  We here in Arizona support you, thank you for your service, and wish you all the best!  God bless you!
Thank You @SenJohnMcCain  !! #WorldLuv  #KillTheBill  Save Lives!
@SenJohnMcCain #JohnMcCain 
Hope you're feeling better Sen. McCain. 
Take Care! :)
I'll make sure I tune to a different station.
And his commitment to commitment to Soros and the Democrats
McCain     & jealous that he'll never be President. Retire now! You have a legacy---biggest sore loser in history. Screwed his butt buddy
Not a hero he's a zero
No one is a zero
Please stay strong against Trump, he does nothing for us, only thinks of himself. The man is mentally ill, help us.
His life & career are based on false info. Sorry, not a hero!
Were we talking about YOU or McCain?
Hey John why don't you have Obamacare if it's so great for the American people
Who cares about this traitor. The devil is knocking on his door.karma
Wouldn't waste my time with the traitor
#Hero
Your life is in the shit box with Al Sharpton! President Trump won the song bird was captured Rand Paul has bad hair no vote on healthcare
A very brave man, while I don't always agree with him, I do admire him.
I'm really not interested in hearing what John McCain has to say. I've not heard any positive suggestions from him, just criticisms
@SenJohnMcCain country before party. Thank you, Sen. McCain, for doing just that.
Hiw about thanking him for screwing the very ppl who kept him in office. Always a traitor.
Im not watching
Guy is stopping the entire country from upgrading ACA.
Being a traitor is not an illness!
Retire! 
Like the #NFL I don't care enough about you to watch anymore
This man has a mental illness. Americans under Ocrapacare are struggling. All of Congress should have to be on the AHAC. Repeal & Replace
God bless you Sen. McCain you are an honourable and brave man
BS!
I'll 2nd that
Talk to your doctor about a ketogenic diet please.  It may be helpful in slowing tumor growth.
Mcstain retire
McCain is a sick traitor & a liar!
An old out of touch reporter interviewing an old out of touch lying politician. This is the best they can come up with. #snoozefest
Any hard hitting questions about the dossier?
The REAL @SenJohnMcCain  Pardoned for his war crimes
