Get with the program and support @POTUS! We the people ELECTED him, it's your job as @GOP to support him, otherwise become a democrat!
Couldn't agree more!
Blind allegiance?! That's not democracy. That is a dictatorship, like Hitler, Stalin, & hmmm...PUTIN. That is not America!
Re: Blind allegiance. I advise you to look into the mirror. Maybe you will learn something.
In the 8 US Presidential elections I've voted in, I've voted Republican 3 times. I may lean a bit Left, but "blindly"? No.
I am the same as U and agree the individual is more important than the party. So why R U arguing with me?U know I am much smarter than you.
I don't presuppose anyone else's intellect. I find it interesting you only ask 1 side to "wake up" tho. Can't admit own bias?
We all should admit some level of bias. You are too serious. We should be able to respect, but have a bit of fun with our differences.
Why don't you zip it.
What part of Russia are you from? Or is it a former Soviet republic?
I refuse to have a conversation with an idiot.
Idiocy is actually blind loyalty in an incredibly flawed individual like DJT. Your patriotism is good, just very misdirected.
Obviously your opinion is the only correct opinion and not open to challenge.
Incredibly hypocritical to say I think only my opinion counts when your tweets & handle "wake up liberal" scream superiority.
I think you might be confused between superiority and reality. I am far from perfect but I tried to be objective and honest.
Objective & honest? Yet your handle on twitter is "wake up liberal".  Interesting take on what objective is, I guess.
H! A! But you need to back our Republican President. Get over yourself and be a team player Mr McCain . Your comments are sad!
have 2 give u credit 4 sticking 2 ur guy!  Have 2 admit, thought u were losing faith! Going to let it play out
I am an independent. As a result, I am objective regarding either party.
You claim to be independent, yet you repeat only the demonizing talking points of FOX. True Minion.
Believe it or not I watch MSNBC everyday. Makes me lough a lot. Totally biased. I guess MSNBC is your cup of tea.
MSNBC? Not at all. I actually don't have cable tv. I read news from across the political spectrum.
Sounds like you mean the internet. How do you decide what's true or not. Maybe we should start a collection so you can afford cable tv.haha
LOL, it's not a matter of affording it, just choice. Prefer magazines & papers. Too much trash on TV.
Having fun with tax payers money.
Having fun hurting America.
You're criticizing McCain for standing up to treasonous Trump? Turn off Fox & read Constitution!
I have read it. What part are you referring to?
Article 3, Sec 3 TREASON. To paraphrase, "adhering to their enemies (Russia), giving them aid & comfort. Rose 22,000 tweets?? Take a break.
Traitor then, traitor now.
Offensive cyber is the new warfare and the Russians are winning.  Trump diminishes our status as a super power daily.  Please act swiftly
and appropriately.
Funny. ..time drags on when @realDonaldTrump is President, tearing our Nation apart & you sit idly by. ...
WRONG - @POTUS is trying to save this country - it is Chuck the Schmuck and his liberal cronies who are tearing the nation apart -
Having fun screwing our POTUS.
happy anniversary
congrats u traitorous piece of human shit
Good for you.  I am glad some people see the truth in this traitor.
Congrats!!

Now impeach the traitor in the White House.

I KNOW you know how to put Country above Russia sir.
If Trump actually did anything like that, we'd have something to talk about. #fakenews #faketkdmike
She was then and still is beautiful!
Took my breath away.....
BEATIFUL
Happy Anniversary. Stay rhe course!
Congrats..You should have spent a few of them in the White House
Happy anniversary, now leave Washington, you've taken enough from the American people.
Poor woman.
You R a turn coat.  I lost all respect for U. U R not honarable.
Congrats!!!!
How's your first wife? @cindymccain
This is when I had respect for your husband!  WATERGATE? REALLY?? I am BEYOND disappointed.
Hope your a better husband than republican senator.
^you're 
You weren't anywhere close to the character count. 
Happy Anniversary!
How about retire with her
GOSH your mom is beautiful
She's got all the money right John?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Congradulations to you and your family!
Great now retire, haven't you stolen ENOUGH?
People of AZ, you failed your country miserably by electing this Democrat "tool".
My condolences Cindy!
When are you going to drop dead, Johnny?
Happy Anniversary traitor!
Congratulations!
times fly by when you're having fun using your "POW" status to enrich your life betraying your country!!
Ridiculous politicians need to go Call your Senators 202-224-3121
Tell them to support Our President #Johnmccain #sethrich #rusia
@SenJohnMcCain McCain,You are overdue, time to support your president #johnmccain #sethrich #russia
John McCain is a fucking asshole, a traitor and a useless dirty man
I prefer carol McCain
Trump was right about you #songbird
McCain what about your first wife . John McCain cheat on his first wife. Cheater will be always cheater wife or party it is no meter
What a beautiful bride
Too bad the Vietnam POWs that were left behind don't have that opportunity
How many times did you beat this one up?
Yeah, Cindy, you married a RINO.  Congratulations!
Cuck
Lucky man!
Go retire. We will love it. Don't need or want you John. You have been a big enough failure for the republicans.
Happy Anniversary 
Happy Anniversary, enjoy your evening!
Happy anniversary
Congratulations! But I am very disappointed in you! It is time to support your President 100% !!
Happy anniversary! !!
I Guess it takes that long to become a jealous self serving pain in the ass.
And betraying your country.
Congratulations to my second fav veteran second only to my grandpa, who died in WWII army man!!!

oh Mr and Mrs McTraitor
Happy Anniversary. And thank you.
Best wishes
You don't care about your wife, you've degraded her in front of other people. Snake!
time to retire and enjoy life and bring in new faces
He married her for the Budweiser fortune.
I am a independent I voted to Obama holding my nose, becuase This man has no Honour...Its about him, elitist washington scumbag
Hope shes happy married to one of the most selserving low lifes to ever be in the US senate. Wont succeed in toppling trump. Human trash
Sorry, but it's hard for me to celebrate your anniversary when you're selling our country down the river Support our president #MAGA
Congratulations!!! 37 years is very special this day and age!  Hope your able to spend some time together today!  God Bless you both!!
John McCain, Senior home is waiting for you. #notwarhero #MAGA
Go away
retire...please, pretty please.
Cindy are u still a pill popper
The #conservatives should be celebrating w/U, but U have abandoned us. We still hold our beliefs & R unafraid 2 stand our ground. U R #fake
Happy anniversary to you.  
I wonder if he sings for Cindy like he did for the VietCong? #Songbird
Pretty. Not you John but her.
Glad ur having fun destroying future of America and the GOOD WILL of MY President. Step down please sir
Time flies when you are busy piling up money on people's account
Look at that. You're an American hero @SenJohnMcCain
We don't agree on politics.. but that's a great picture. Congratulations senator McCain.
Happy Anniversary!
And when your old and senile.  Retire and stop hurting America!
Go home spend time with her.  You have served your purpose.
Wait. Did I read it wrong, before? Thought it was her birthday. Oops.Sorry. Happy Happy anniversary you, too.
YK
Congratulations!
Congrats, Now BACK to work RUSSIA FOLLOW THE $$$$
I'm embarrassed to admit to ever having voted for you while holding my nose. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Happy Anniversary!!  Good lookin couple!!
The Trump bots are powerful in this thread!
Too bad it didn't fly with your ex wife who became disabled, and hospitalized that you divorced to make money and get ahead in life
Time for the senator to retire.
Did she take her gown off before the brothers ran the 1st train on her? Did you watch from a chair or from the closet? We know you cleaned.
Traitor!  RESIGN !
You know what makes a cool anniversary gift?  IMPEACH TRUMP!!!
Who cares RINO!
Does your wife know what a traitor you are to our country? I don't want to hear about your service because it's now null and void.
Was this back when you were Honorable?
Oh I would think NOT since you cheated on your first wife with this wife.
He is a RINO, needs to put a big D by his name. McCain you are and have been a waste for a long time. You are a Demorat...liberal cheese
John McCain aka Deuschebag in chief , go away and shut up.

Congratulations!
best wishes. and , save us !!!!
anyone who married you must be crazy.
That doesn't look like Carol Shepp - Oh wait, this is the one you cheated on Carol with. My bad!
Happy anniversary Mr and Mrs McCain!
Happy Anny! 
Six terms is long enough John.
Congratulations to you both
Congratz sir.
Congratulations to you Senator and your wife
U r a POS
Happiest, Bday, @cindymccain! May this day be only a speck of GREAT, ABUNDANT & continuing JOY!
May the Blessing overtake
YK
That poor poor woman!! 
Congrats
No snark here, congrats to the two of you.
Take an extended trip - u need to get over your addiction to the cameras and liberal news shows!
Nice pic. Rather see a picture of you supporting the President and being a Patriot again. You forgot how to be an American Patriot
#Liar
Retire already
Congratulations.  You are a True American Hero.  Best wishes for both of you.
Your days are numbered in the cesspool you call a political office
Handsome couple!
It would be awesome if you would stop being so horrible to our president that we elected
Thankful for the work that Cindy is doing here in Arizona
Congratulations! Wishing you continued love and hope.
Stop masquerading as a conservative you corrupt fossil
Don't you notice how he hated you are by Republicans
And spending HER money...
And taxpayer money.
Reagan built up a beautiful brand for the GOP. Then people like u came and killing it. You're a bitter man. We love Trump
