He's as sick as 45.
Shame on you. Trump gave up a great life to save our country without being paid. Don't be ignorant
Bah wah...I'm anything BUT ignorant. Just remember that tweet when the truth comes out. 45 can't even save himself. Have a nice day, though!
One day you'll see 45 is sent to us by God to save our country
Sorry to remind you but Trump is a womanizer and an adulterer, not exactly the person God will choose to save a country. Mark 8:36.
İslam galip gelecek. Zorlama istersen mcCain
Another ISIS fan tiptoeing to the edge of Hell!
We are TURK's
Come oonn
A  without a hat and a lasso?
Big liar. US is supporting the PKK / YPG. YPG is a terrorist organization.

#terroristgroups#ısıs #pkk #ypg #feto
No. Ypg are freedom fighters. Turkey should be in a good relationship with West Kurdistan.
Yes we will. We will be in a good relationship with you, dont worry ;)
Turkish Mongolian is Kurdish brothers. Kurdish women have 4 kids, Turkish less than 2. Adana, Sivas, Trabzon - west border Greater Kurdistan
ahahhahaha Greater Kurdistan, wtf?Do you know the Turkish Armed Forces?
Iraq - done. Syria - done. Iran and Turkey are the next. For 50 years the Kurd will be 100 million. Occupied anadolia will be freed.
Increasingly, people outside of the U.S. are waking up to the hypocracy of US media and government. Credibility has gone through the floor.
Tolga prefers one man Erdogan to censor news media.
#stopgenocide to gov. opponents under #Erdogan totalitarian regime.
Its not just kurds suffering turkish people are suffering too
Yup and he have borroed chemical bombs from them too around 50 something if i remember correct its nuclear but im not sure
I suppose you'll want us to go to war with them next?
Not possible they are part of nato
Liars.
Decent people of Turkey wishes you the best.

Thank you for your support
Erdogan is a new version of Hitler.
Isbirlikcinin yeni versiyonuda sensin herhalde
Yavşaklıkta çığır açmaya çalışıyor belli. Ama "Abi"lerini öyle bir kucağa oturmayla geçemez. Onlar bu gezegenin gördüğü en büyük orospular.
You are on the primary reasons the world is so fucked up . Running with no plan
The plan should be to threaten arms embargo so Erdogan will either realize without NATO he is a dead duck or he will lose all support!
A complete misuse of #Interpol who have better things to control than #Erdogan's fantasies.
I hope Turkey can stabilize its tourist industry in light of this crackdown.  I am in Göcek on the turquoise coast..Amazing potential..
Erdogan's warmongering puts the heaviest breaks in Turkey's tourism. The reason people all along the coast didn't vote for him recently!
Why is it you seem to care about these foreign issues then the ones here in the states?
The same reason we care more about what North Korea is doing right now than building a wall. Mexico isn't the danger but N.Korea is, NOW!
@wsjemre
Great piece, must read
Might happen here. He got high praise from our president.
Trump best friend.
TRump future! Bet he idolizes this guy
@kamergin @WSJ It is Erdogan's authoritarian not Turkey's. One day Turkish people gonna see...
Expain Erdogan Regime!
<= @SenJohnMcCain knows all about @RT_Erdogan's & #Turkey's Authoritarian Reach - he gets paid by them to allow  it to continue!
#DeListPKK
My thoughts and prayers go to you, I hope you are doing well, sir


Where is going Turkey?
misuse of international institutions,I suppose that the Erdogan regime will be expelled from NATO and, in particular,from the United Nations
Erdogan is a new version of Hitler.
Jihadist dictator erdogan is more dangerous than north Korea's leader. He is champion of hater towards Americans.
Please do more than just read. US can leverage Erdoga into compliance. Terminate F-35 and all major weapon FMS contracts to Turkey.
Turkish Intelligence has reached the level of russian Intelligence with the same troubles they have with the free spoken & spread Word. OMG
Erdogan's regime is a big jail for all thoughts!
Turkey rapidly turns to an islamofascist dictatorship. Erdogan regime supports ISIS in Syria. Wounded fighters are treated in Turkey.
More than a year passed over fake coup attempt and tens of thousands of ppl are behind of the bars w/o indictment or concrate evidences
TRAITOR
Turkey:Erdogan's prison and purge center
Arizona's southern border?
Turkey.  The next Iran.
Must-read DC Royalty/Congress afford themselves benefits at the expense of taxpayers - and do nothing to earn it
No
'to be someone' is a crime in Turkey, not in US. In US, you must actually commit a crime, that is, do something wrong, to be a criminal.
Senator McCain I respect you and wish you well, but, you should support our 45 president and the things you ran on for the past 8 years.
Shut up traitor John. Go lick schumer 's behind. You are not worth hearing from.
Get out of office McCain.  You're nothing but a coward and a turncoat.  #dumpmccain
Trumps dictator pal.



As their guards had attacked our peaceful protestors on our soil & Trump saying nada as usual.  No foreign entity should get away with this!
Don't you have a resignation letter to write? #RINO #draintheswamp #mccainmustgo
Fake news Senator. Real news is US government is arming a terrorist PKK in Syria.. thats gonna blow back real bad. Do sth about it pls
Reminds me of Trump
Hope you are feeling well and you completely recover.  Sir thank you for trying to help. You are very much loved Sir
Putin is trying to do the same with @Billbrowder
Trump wants to rule the same way
Must-read. Mccain's part in dossier?
shut up, war monger
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan concerned Ergogan behavior not good for Turkey,probably worsening relation w/NATO,Germany,not good
Kick them out of NATO
And your point is what? Where and what was your response last year when Obama helped put down the coup to get rid of the guy? RETIRE
Are you now going to scare us with Turkey, after thanking the Iranian Community?
RT
So called Journalist is a number one PKK supporter there's a difference between journalism and terrorism.

A man Trump admires.
Да кто бы говорил то ?

