Here is one picture of the so call innocent political prisoners. Leopoldo Lopez
el peor trabajo de photoshop del mundo. Que estupidez.
mira amargada con solo ver los videos de ese tipejo LLAMANDO. violencia q provocó es suficiente, o no? O también es olla?
.@SenJohnMcCain @ojpoggioli Ni porque estas encopetadas se tomen fotos con George Washintong van a lograr que caiga la Revolución
thank you very much senator for your support to vzlan people we are being masscreated by maduro regimen
Ellas son heroínas de la democracia y la libertad.
Venezuela's dictator is a risk for the entire hemisphere and a humanity horror. Real support is needed urgently.
MAKE PEACE WITH OUR PRESIDENT YOU HAVE  COMMON Ground  FIND IT GOD BLESS
thank you
Thank you so much. Please help us, we have more one hundred political prisoners in very bad situation,a lot of young people
these ladies must be commended for their courage and dedication in facing  persecution and humiliation by the Maduro regime
despiertan los halcones.

Thank you so much. Venezuelan  democratic people really apreciate.
Muy Bueno and Muchas Gracias Senor. Now Please help America. #InvestigateAdjudicateImpeach #CongressDoYourJob. Stand Tall!
Dear Sir....I want to be able to live without fear and although I am good with languages; I refuse to speak Russian Comrade.
#InvestigateAdjudicateImpeach #CongressDoYourJob...We have a real unstable individual who is struggling with reality.
@elcitizen thank you, we need to have free country and for that need a lot of help
Thanck Mr McCain
gracias dios les pague gracias por estar con venezuela
There is still time to save Venezuela...
Urge POTUS to be compassionate to Venezuelan immigrants here. Maduro has created a very bad situation there, people starving.
Again, I ask, WHO DO YOU REPRESENT? Were these  U.S. /Arizona citizens??????????????????????????
thanks Senator
Senator, Thank you for your valued support!! Kind Regards
Thank you Senator for your support.
thanks a lot Mr. McCain for help us.
Just another photo op
@pgrant99 thank you for being a voice for Venezuela with 100+ political prisoners under dictator Maduro
Gracias, muchas gracias. Liliana expresa el clamor de un pueblo oprimido que tiene hambre y sed de justicia.
thank's for you support of freedom and democracy in Venezuela.
Thanks for your support senator salutes from venezuela
they do the things that people in my country feel afraid to do! They are brave and Tirelessly defend #freedom! #Venezuela
Lilian también se reunió con el Senador McCain
thank you sen. McCain for your concern about My country. I came as an Asylee to US, i was against chavez regime. Un abrazo
Rid our own hemisphere of dictatorial parasites in #venezuela & #Cuba causing us mass migrations issues.
they are brave and loyal Venezuelan women who rightly  lost all faith in Vzuelan justice
#thankyou
republicans want to put whistleblowers/leakers in jail to stop investigation into Trump.  What say you about that?
I respect your stand on national security, foreign policy- perspective on Russia!-, & interest in the Venezuelan HR crisis.
we really hope you're doing something !! We are counting on you from around the country to get tgevREAL INTEL out !
Trump must hate those husbands. Losers for getting caught! And all... #trumpimpeachmentparty
You're a great man and a great American Senator!
You're bombing civilians in #Syria and everywhere but you CARE about human rights? You're a joke.
John McCain goes Full RINO attacking Trump 
I care about all life in the solar system and peoples lives in the galaxies I won't continue to see you promote and do
propaganda to an uneducated American public for a war against Russia who is nuclear armed
people need to stand up to us politicians and politicians that promote this war mongering
for our planet for humanity for both countries or many countries and for others lives in the galaxies
If we do not conduct a thorough investigation of Trump & Russia then the world will view USA as corrupt & untrustworthy.
@SenJohnMcCain
John McCain: "Its a dysfunctional White House. Nobody knows who is in charge."
Do you meet Barmaley from Limpopo! This man need a help!!! SOS!
Yo what is going on. Do something. We are about to be owned by Russia
that is great, but it is more urgent to stop trump before he compromises our natl sec anymore. Investigate please.
Thanks! #Venezuela
how about human rights of immigrants in the USA?
please support our country and our President. Your negativity is not appreciated by those of us who love our country!
How soon it Presiden Bannon's ICE brownshirts arresting them?
human rights are important.  Like the rights of Syrian immigrants and green card and visa holders being detained
The Capriles family are historically right wing. They do not stand a chance in this Cuba clone called Venezuela. Blame Castro
how can anything be more important to you RIGHT NOW than doing something about the TRAITOR WE HAVE IN THE WHITE HOUSE? CHAOS
stop playing politics do your job and support our @POTUS
John , make yourself useful for once and investigate Ben Rhodes and his cronies for leaking Flynn classified info.
We appreciate your integrity Senator McCain. Please continue to hold this new administration accountable
who are you kidding you're gator boys yes man voted everyone of his picks in w/o a problem freedom be damned
you have lots of support senator. Keep up the good work!
we need some of the R Senators to be champions of human rights here in this country.
Please #StandUP against the #GOP establishment & investigate #Russian #hacking of our #elections & what the @Whitehouse knew.
how can you be a republican? You have shown ethics.
So proud that you're a United States Senator from Arizona.
4 Vice President
stand with Trump not find new ways to police the world AMERICA FIRST!!!! Ur action like Husain & Hil liar y
we have our own human rights battle going on here. For crying out loud, do something!!!! We are not even a month in!!
you are a true American Hero Senator McCain! Wish you republican counterparts could learn from your lead!
John why cant U support the Republican party-U should switch to the Democrat party. U and Lindsay Graham
another Rub saying nothing about Russia oh well you're invited to the #trumpimpeachmentParty
I am against Russia & Our Democrats & Turn Coat Senate Repubs like Graham McCain & Rubio
oh thanks for letting us know!
remember when some called you a maverick? Where and when did that person die?
Principles over power.
@SheriffClarke @seanhannity @SebGorka So should we open the doors to all of Venezuela?
yes we should jackoff
I think that's impossible if pic is correct unless your neutral.
ok so after you pleasure yourself, then what. Let em all in?
Since you have all this time to march and don't work, how much are you paid?
why don't you go to Cuba too and bring that N.J. Cop killer to justice ??
they sound like very brave women. Maybe you can learn from them how to stand up against a corrupt leader
both are brave women whose husbands are in jail without a cause
I didn't think you a human rights advocate. Why don't you do something about brown shirts rounding up brown people? Show me.
Another Nice photo taken within your U.S. Capitol Hill ; Senate Office, Sen.John McCain  Thanks for posting.
Super...now can we chat about the Russian spy ship 70 miles off the east coast and the missiles fired and the warship buzzed?
did you really go through everything you went through to let this Admin  tear it to shreds? Do your job. Country over Party
you are being trolled by the left
SOS you're one of the few that can help save us. You've been a hero before you can be one again.
Pls Sen. it's time to get over your power buzz and realize that tump is a bipartisan prob. Our national security is at risk.
Come home to AZ, we would like to meet with you over a few issues.  Get a head start by investigating trump ties to Russia.
wonderful now investigate @realDonaldTrump
YOU ARE A BACK STABBING LIB. LEAVE OUR PRES. ALONE!
you've said nothing here. The facts remain. Trump Russia yikes #TrumpImpeachmentParty
WRONG TRUMP IS MORE OF  PRES. THAN LOSER OBAMA!
Your liberal friends are really on your case, guess it pays to have core values, at least you keep your base friendly.
POTUS is mirroring a lot of what Chavez started in Venezuela, please ask @liliantintori about the dangers of authoritarians!
Are you seriously not talking about Flynn? Selling your soul, I see.
thanks for taking the time to listen to this brave women
How about addressing the national sec threats WITHIN the White House & removing the CON-ARTIST?
#TrumpRussia #FakePresident
Sad that you care more about democracy in Venezuela than you do in the USA #ImpeachTrupm
investigate Russian ties! GOP is acting disgracefully. Dereliction of duty. You are honorable. Make sure others are too!
investigate Trump's ties to Russia
Don't you have a liberal play-pen you should be in?
