most of the US disagrees with you
if by 'most' you mean 'most uninformed' then yes
Proving the point yourself, what you just said is an absolutely verifiable falsehood:
you continue to make my point for me. Exemplary performance.
If you knew me you would know that's not true. No ego here. Only truth, integrity, intellect, compassion, sadness at ppl like u
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Stop it. You had your chance to stand up to Trump. You're going to vote to confirm a Russian agent.
Trump asked Russia to hack @HillaryClinton email server. THAT IS TREASON!
Russia hacked both parties. But the GOPhad security and Dems had the opposite of security. Dems got hacked because they r hacks
zero value in your tweet. 

ASKING RUSSIA TO HELP YOU WIN THE ELECTION IS TREASON!
no one asked. That is fake news
Remember, he was on TV calling Russia if they have Clinton's email.
I see why you only have 2 fans..
Does it matter? You're still deplorable and grossly misinformedZ
How about you stand WITH the people,  & your POTUS, that wants to MAGA? Please put the politics aside & think about 
No, he wants to make America Russian.  America is great!!
You know all TPP is free trade between countries? Globalization is inevitable man. Protectionism won't work in long run.
no dude it's not free trade, if it were it's be called free trade. Did you see the vid I sent u
loool yes it is, tpp is not restricted to just big tobacco and pharmaceutical companies, that video is a slippery slope
fine man, u wanna make happy meal toys for 3 dollars an hour that's on u
what does tpp include that was result in me being forced into a job below minimum wage?
Stop Lying to protect the Globalist war mogering thieving Jews. There will be no world government of America. #YEYEEGF
THEN DO SOMETHING!!!!!  Stop confirming his idiotic cabinet and STOP HIS LUNACY!!!!
The American people have lost trust in entrenched politicians like you.  We heard this about NAFTA. Look at result.
Please keep pushing for investigations into his ties with Russia, or he will continue to make Anti-American decisions

Should read Dear Liberals and John McCain and Lindsey Graham
'All bark no bite' McCain sounding off again , I had hopes you'd put country first but ... #caved , crickets
the primary benefactor of the TPP is China tell me again how its a bad idea?
China is not in TPP. You probably knew that.
and just because they aren't a part of it does not prevent then from benefitting from it
Not eliminate but reduce  influence. We just handed China the largest growing market in the world!
Yes. Thank you for putting a finer point on it.
From someone who is a globalist like yourself, you would see it that way.
@Khanoisseur @POTUS its good for China Kushner & Trump business plans 
China celebrating #gop fools don't know the thuggery
You need to catch up and come into the new world.  We can't afford to sacrifice our objectives to please everyone else
so this  idiot wants America  continue  getting the short  end of the stick, He is a spokesman for the dems
That's POTUS - is agent of foreign aggressive country, and he work against USA economy and security
Senate=Millionaires club.  You have no idea how the middle class has been suffering.  Follow peoples mandate to Trump
McCain... on the wrong side of history with the left.
RINO Pussyhats.
Please keep speaking out and telling the truth about the problems trump is causing!
when are you going to officially join the Democratic party?
you are a self-serving no nothing demorat!
@SHAZ1821 @POTUS no it's not
You were not elected to follow your agenda.  You were elected follow Trump's agenda.  Be part of the party or resign.
Please find a way to stop this lunatic. Impeachment looks so good right now.
: your positions are weak John. When this lonely fight of yours is over will u step down? U can be anchor CNN.
Electing trump was a serious mistake.  You share the blame, Senator.
By quitting  from the TPP, we just handed over the Asia and Pacific Region to China. Wish he spent time to study it
More oil men in Whitehouse? DID WE LEARN ANYTHING FROM Bush/Cheney.Im sure Exxon'/Mobil cares about  common ppl
Please. We beg of you! Stand up to this man! People before party!
senators don't read tweets 
I call every day. Every. Single. Day.
Tell us how it be a mistake or do u mean it be just let me NAFTA HW of did that work let's ask Ross sucking sound
I sincerely hope your ass gets voted out, McCain. I am ashamed that I ever voted for you. You must be getting $$$$$$$$
Then stand up to him! Words only go so far. America is counting on you!
it is bad for American workers so good for Trump!  good for America
that's a really dumb statement.  Go read the tpp and you will see.
e.g.?
.@SenJohnMcCain John, man. POTUS is a serious mistake for America's economy & strategic position in the world. No on Tillerson, Sessions ~
Choose one   
If we don't think globally we will fail!!
News flash not a liberal actual a centrist Global market = more demand. Demand = Supply business101
How does that keep jobs in America?
And when you buy clothes are you willing to spend 300-600 on a dress for made in USA
For one I don't buy high dollar clothing.  I don't have money for that senseless waste.
than how will you afford American made? No demand no need for supply
There is a demand.  I promise we will go out in droves to buy American made.  Cutting g costs should not sacrifice...
@TexDem16 @POTUS And yet you are going to confirm his State nominee who is Russia's friend? What happened to the Maverick!?!
if you're pissed and live in AZ call him and LETHIMKNOW
He is regressing the nation. Not everything Obama did was wrong. When u fight evrythn it shows ur petty
You are so correct, it will make China more powerful in region. Wonder how much Trumps Chinese bank depths weighed in
I trust Mr. Trump before I trust our AZ Senators! Our senators  can't even abide by the law regarding immigration!
indeed we live in the age of automation and global economy.Trump creates too many enemies bad for the USA
McCain knows that China will step in & strengthen its trade position in SE Asia sphere.Trump helps CN.
Thank you for speaking up, sir. I may not always agree with you, but you are acting in integrity.
of course it is. China will rule, has free way to take over world market and NO ONE can beat its competitiveness
You'd have to be Looney Tunes to support #TPP. Only takes our AMERICAN jobs away. No one wants Korean @SouthPark
...Crybaby...Just quit!
haven't you done enough damage to this country already? Why don't you go and get a job with Obama! Quit being such...
Are you the same John McCain that befriends violent European Neo-Nazi's & National Socialists?
http://www.businessinsider.com.au/john-mccain-meets-oleh-tyahnybok-in-ukraine-2013-12?r=US&IR=T …
you had the chance to do something great but gave in. SELLOUT
Senator McCain. Your service is appreciated as your wisdom! Please help our President in all areas that you can. Thank you.
keep Trump accountable and continue to speak out against his poor decisions.
_You are one of the only sane ones in there...!!  Get this dangerous narcissist out before he kills us all!  He must resign!
Please do more than tweet! Stop this lunatic and his billionaire agenda!
Thank you for being a voice of reason on this!
No, John, what’s a serious mistake is you being a Senator.
thank you for speaking out against @POTUS on another bad decision
Your lack of support is expected. Thank you.
Senator McCain, Please DO SOMETHING! We literally have an insane person running our country! This MUST STOP!
But U are still supporting him & his nominees that are "big mistakes." You broke it, you bought it. #NotAMaverick
.@SenJohnMcCain .@POTUS they're all upset because they can't line their pockets. FBI investigate the most vocal politicians.
Serious mistake to your interest's ? You need investigating as why you hate your country.
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS When I see statements like this, I'm reminded of Watergate-era bumper stickers: Don't blame me. I voted for McGovern
Thank you John McCain for speaking out! Maybe it's time your colleagues got pink hats!
Shame on you J Mccain...You made some backroom deal with Trump to vote for Tillerson in exchange for a military budget
Thanks John.  You and I both like facts not political hyperbole.
oh yes, the treasonous coward speaks, not the first time you chirped , huh ?
Another fraud of a man! he puts the lying in lying politician! Totally stabbed our president in the back! 30 years of Lies is his legacy!
Russia should make up for it.
You won't ever be president, Mr. McCain, but you still have a chance to be a hero. How do you want to be remembered?
SCREW MCCAIN
#PresidentTrump #TPP 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlUb-lYy1oo …
Get with the program. Clinton paychecks are getting weak now since CGI shutdown. Out with McCain next election.
Agreed. Now take a stand about it.
now china is in the drivers seat
So when are you going to start voting against him? @POTUS
I'm your constituent. And a citizen. Trump is a fascist. Please, stand up to him. Country before party.
Then stop being a coward and do something
How many jobs have YOU created? MYOB.
.@SenJohnMcCain - Sincere thanks for standing up against many of Trump's dangerous policies. I'm a liberal Dem in CA & applaud your efforts.
Please consider blocking confirmations of Tillerson & Sessions. You see what's happening. Don't setup Trump 4 absolute power,
why bother with this when you already handed him the gov on a platter? shameful party before country moves.
Basically putting the welcome mat out for China to usurp US interests around the Pacific Rim, especially California's.
You think he has any regard for you and your opinion? LOL
now is the time for good men of conscience to stand against tyranny. Please remember the hero that you once were.
Why do you bother even saying this? You aren't standing up to him on ANYTHING.
We all know this but you won't challenge him to the detriment of all Americans, especially those who voted for him.
Then do something about it.
please explain in 140 characters how keeping American jobs from shipping overseas is bad for the US economy.
You had your chance to do something but you supported Trump. Now fight  @POTUS every day.
vote with the opposition on everything
so do something about it.
but you'll keep supporting and endorsing him anyway, so your bleating is meaninless. You have no character anymore.
And yet you acquiesce to his foreign policy by confirming his SoS nominee
So what are you going to do about it? Thoughts and prayers?
why wont you and your friends do something about it John
Yeah, but what will you say next week
stop it, it HSS to be fucked up and something that doesn't benifkt anyone but the rich and pwoerful. #goaway
we don't need the TPP.  If its something you do all you can to hide from the people until they can't do anything to
its laughable.that you say this, actually. The New York Times even wrote articles against the TPP. Its creepy
#TrumpTaint  You helped cause this, McCain
TPP would have continued to grow the economies of China et al,  while taking away US jobs and devaluing our products!
@SenJohnMcCain We perhaps need a Pacific trade agreement that is (GOOOD FOR USA)
YOU are a serious mistake. You r nothing but a commie islamist supporter. Be GONE!
are you delusional?
diagreed. We should have total control over our government and economy. I don't trust the rest of the world.
Instead of posting on twitter stand up & shout loud and clear NO to trumps poor choices. People b4 party for Americans
You support Rex Tillerson. Do you really care about America's standing worldwide or Russia's?
please #senMcCain break away from this crazy dude u have nothing to lose by saying NO TO #TRUMP
We need to watch more carefully, Sen. McCain. Mr. Trump's agenda is NOT "America First."
SELLOUT
THIS IS ON YOU
if you are against dumpingg TPP that makes us fully support Trump's actions...keep talking clown...
You are wrong. Trump is smarter than you.
I had faith in you thinking you'd put country b4 party- US is saddened distraught over loss of r democracy- where are you? Patriots needed
-because you're an economic genius, if you say it, it must be true. NOT! Retire & let us worry about #MAGA jackass!
SYGD Mouth Jonny. You ain't worth a damn
Disagree with you on that point.  Try again McCain.
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS No, it's not. TPP was a horrible idea. Very pro-global corporations and anti-people.
retire McCain you really have gotten very senile over the last couple of years!
you would say that McCain you n graham your two peas in a pod
resign now Senator! You're an embarrassment to our nation and the great state of Arizona!
Well, maybe you should understand how basic economics is on the side of McCain....
Just cause you couldn't become the President, stop taking it out on Trump. He's doing so much already!
Then you said the other day you don't know if you any confidence in Trump? omg... he's Our President!
STOP going against Trump! You're embarrassing us. You're always shooting off your mouth, enough!!
You know that using trade agreements to subvert #Constitutional rights of citizens is illegal and treason, right? @POTUS
now that China buys its oil and currency from Russia, the #TPP kill is ideal for #Putin #putinspuppet
again....you are on the wrong side of this debate...get a clue. You work for the people.  @POTUS
Sorry McCain...American ppl dont really care abt your opinions...u havent put America First...retire TODAY.
You need to do your job and stand up for whats good and not give in to pressure from the idiots in Washington.
when will you help the Vets still suffering in Arizona? TPP matters more? America matters more! #RetirePlease
Mr Trump will negotiate Trade Deals that r good for #AmericaFirst no to blanket TPP deals which abdicates r authority
McCain at least you're consistent!  Consistently wrong! #MAGA
you voted for him....you should have known.
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Oppose Tillerson.
showing senility, needs to pipe down, support @POTUS. We'll ask JM if we want to know abt being captured, until then, zipit.
tpp was good for clinton. No one else except greedy corporations running a muck
why did you let it happen?
for most it's goodbye to big Pharma taking over. For career politicians it's loss of donations. Which category r you?
It's a sad day.  Your time has been appreciated.  I now wish you to retire peacefully.
Sen McCain - hold the line against isolationism. Keep it up!
If you feel that way why OK cab pos for Rex? If you feel uncertain about him it makes no sense to to allow him in admin!!
Term Limits Now!!  The Country Needs TERM LIMITS TO DRAIN THE SWAMP!!

TPP was a horrible deal. Those who created the problem, such as yourself, cannot be part of solution.
The Sky IS NOT falling. Once T.P.P. is revised to reflect "REAL" Benefits for the U.S., Pres. Trump will approve.
you do realize it is also creating division; no worries it will be replaced with better
If you're pro TPP then we all know it's TPP is bad for America.
go home John. You're a sell out and washed up.
Try, for once, saying something positive. Just once. 
Your dislike for our President is so obvious, it's painful.
You seem to only fight for Corporations & War! & I noticed you waited til you got re-elected to bash Trump! #Traitor
get out of our house we had it with millionaire slobs who are only concerned with lining your pockets at the peoples expense
those who live in glass towers are sheltered by the ills of economic globalization. Shame on McCain.
Kudos to #POTUS!!!
Senator McCain we the people do not think it is a bad thing you think it's a bad thing it's a good thing to get out
decisions like withdrawing from TPP are stinky thinking.
MANY more mistakes to come! He is a wrecking ball.
<= IMO withdrawal of #TPP is one of the best things that ever happened to my country - Australia 
TPP is not free trade
what does this loser know? Term limits!!!!
yeah but China says thank you. Big win for them
So what are you going to do about it? We're depending on SOMEONE in Washington to do the right thing!!
well Senator, are you getting some balls??? Or, just spitting in the wind.
TPP is horrible in that gives up our monetary sovereignty - dangerous pact
you normally bomb people into accepting your economic and strategic position. I can see why you're annoyed.
Trump is a short-sighted people, just panders to populism.
Take it from the man who thought Sarah Palin would make a fine Vice-President.
it's gonna be fun watching this guy ruining America
Sorry Sen but as for you an many other elected officials embedded as fixtures,  Americans are taking our country back
Destorying #FDR Legacy and our nations credibility to create your #NWO Triumvirate #UnAmericanDon #GuardianOfFacts SAD
I'm buying my wardrobe for next ten years now, clothes will at least double
please - you are already accommodating him with Tillerson pass.  You bend every time.  Gutless.
Senator, you need to move into a rest home. You don't know shit!
protectionism leads to isolation.....not a good policy for the world's most powerful country to adopt.
what have you done for AZ JOHN.. nothing . we are way behind in cost of living and everything else. u done nothing
