The democrats sure are going to miss you!
Undoubtedly.  Bannon's disciple @realDonaldTrump is exactly the same.  Help restore our nation to the values many died for.  Please!!
More like a Honey Badger vs a RINO.
You are a traitor , it's time for you to go away
McCain's behavior exemplifies the old Aesop fable of the fox and the grapes....
"Any fool can despise what he can not get"..(the Presidency)
I support you senator hedgehog any day!!
Love this, so proud of you sir.
Birds of a feather. . . just sayin'
Trump and Rex murdered our troops by placing Chad on travel ban for Putin. Chad left Niger which left our troops exposed to ISIS ambush.
Great article, if the so called honey badger is the GOP , Lord helps us. I don't always agree w/ @Sen.JohnMcCain, he is a leader and I'll never ? His  for USA
The fact you're against a border wall tells me that you're nothing more then a stealth democrat. Retire, get a real job or just retire.
He will get more done than you do.
I forgot to mention, Bannon wouldn't recognize honor if it jumped up and bit him on the ass...just saying.
Makes me want to weep. For the good and the sad of it.
Thank you for your service to our country and for continuing to work for the soul of the party.  It seems to be missing in the leadership.
With respect! Voting Instructions for John McCain # Red button on left for the American people! # Blue button on right for Trump! 
You use to be a maverick but are now, just a divisive curmudgeon.
Retire.
His days are numbered
Spoken like a true Chamber of Commerce bought & paid for inept bailout champion insider who suspended his presidential campaign and LOST!
Fortunately Bannon is highly disliked. Doug Jones better win in Alabama. Moore is a trumplike imbecile.
McCain how did u get 9 million in your account OH I KNOW YOU SOLD OUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SAFETY ,U R A REAL P.O.S I have 0 respect 4 u
His time is running out, can't be happier
Oh, and one other thing. After all your anti-Trump rants leading up to the election, I’m not surprised you moved from @wsj to @nytimes
Disparaging an honorable man on his last days on Earth? Really “wisdom?” I think “witless” is more appropriate.
I call ‘em as I see ‘em
You can just keep your ignorance to yourself 'en! We have enough of that!
Sir, keep fighting this fascist monster...you are one of the last honorable bastions of a Congress full of republican cowards and asskissers
We thought JOHN Kelly was our last great hope,but turns out we shouldve known,it was JOHN McCain.I was so wrong about”DISGRACED KELLY”=
Bannon is 10X as smart as you ever dreamed of being @SenJohnMcCain
John McCain is a trustworthy man, Bannon is an attention grabbing clown.
should read "McCain the SONGBIRD vs Bannon the Honey Badger"!
McCain WONT lose like we did in 2016.Hes the good guy who will use rest of his life to fight against the opposition,being Trump,Bannon,etc
You're a sick man...
Great piece!!!! And the hedgehog might not outsmart the fox, but will definitely outsmart the honey badger. #FuckBannon
Sen. McCain, Do you really think Bannon is a badger?  I think him more as a cartoon character with some big money backing, like this:
The fact that you would re-post this article as a "must read" only PROVES the point of how severely you have lost touch. It's almost like McCain's ego has taken a hit and he's on some mission of his own engineering, like he thinks HE was the one elected President?
Despite its name, the honey badger does not closely resemble other badger species; it bears more anatomical similarities to weasels. Truth.
mccain the song bird

U r blocking everything Trump. He beat ur establishment n u hate that plus u r a LIB. AZ deserves better next go around!
Lol well that was funny, thanks for the good laugh Mr McCain, considering your a democratic Honeypot!
Quit sucking up to the leftists, using you and laughing at your damage to America
Who needs enemies when we have McCain
McCain the songbird. You R an embarrassment to AZ
McCain is a wolverine good luck trump.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
#termlimits sad little McTraitor still acting like a snowflake because he is a sore loser Democrat.
John, the reason Peter Doocy asked you the "dumb question" is because of you are blocking Trump like a Democrat.
That was a good analysis of the situation. Senator, I hope you can form an alliance of more GOP senators to stand up to the "honeybadgers"
Excellent!
I hope you lose McCain
Oh please, Bannon is a , McCain can handle him easy enough.
How honorable is somebody who does a "wet start" resulting in the deaths of fellow servicemen?
McCain a Hedgehog? No way! He would be a wolverine.
No “honey” could ever be associated with a rat like Bannon.
seems relevant:  https://www.badgerbadgerbadger.com/ 
Do you still read that rag John Oh yes you are a secret Democrat
Excellent.  Honor always best.
McCain the Democrat parading around as a Republican! When you hate Trump more than you love America
You are no more no less than a wishy washy piece of crap McCain
Look closely at this hate and venom. Trump doesn't understand decency and honor.
I am a Democrat, but I revere your integrity, your intellect, and your statesmanship. You speak your truth plainly, with wisdom. Thank You.
I go with Bannon
I enjoyed these very appropriate analogies. On another level, the author failed to note the many likeable traits of the hedgehog. Good read.
You are a warrior and I'm proud your my senator!
You must resign! For the good of the people!
Nah bruh honey badger plays for the AZ Cardinals he likes his senator
OK. On your say-so, it shall be read. Thanks for the tip.
Lets just hope the Republican Party chooses honor cause it looking pretty grim. How grim? Look at a Trump rally, Bannon candidates & Trump
Thank you for your service to our country and your courage to speak up against the immoral and hate-filled power seeking ingrates.
McCain the fake war hero vs Bannon the Brave. Hope Bannon TKO McCain before the brain  cancer kicks in.
Evidentially Bannon worries you,  yiu should be
Sen. McCain, please call for regular order once again on taxes!
"honey badger (Bannon) will do anything to get what it wants...wily, nasty and has as much use for honor as a pornographer has for dress.
You gonna beat up Peter Doocey John? you look really perterbed when he confronted you with truth ...
Senator,  when I want to show my children & grandchildren how to live with honor, YOU are 1 example to whom I point.  thank you.
Keep going little Johnny, dragging your pal Flake down with you. When will you confess? Forrestal, Tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute.
You shouldn't begin a tweet by addressing your genitalia.
Read how pandering @SenJohnMcCain became such a warmongering neocon mouthpiece http://www.unz.com/article/mccains-transmutation-from-cautious-realist-to-super-hawk/ … #niger #neocons #sot
Another name for John McCain = RINO
Remember the USS FORRISTAL133 sailors died

Have to dig pretty low to find praise these days (NYT).  Yes I am proud to be a HALF BAKED DEPLORABLE. Have a nice day WHACKO BIRD. RETIRE
Lol John McCain the senile old Democrat and thank you for your service
@GOP be like a Maverick or be like a hedgehog but for goodness sake don't be a honeybear.
Thank you, sir.
Good (McCain) versus deranged, egotistical and misguided (Bannon) works for me!
Two #warmongers & #Zionist haters, promoters of global violence here. Both #JohnMcCain & #BretStephens want #DPRK "totally destroyed". Both are  long-time shills for #USA's #MilitaryIndustrialCongressionalComplex/#Israel. If USA starts another war, millions die. #HandsOffDPRK
Just read it. T.Y. For being standard bearer for moral decency. (Also Didn’t know you had refused early release from N. Vietnam prison.)
Excellent article.
Thank you for your service to our country. But you're a horrible Republican senator.
You have given me HOPE!
I think "McCain the Hedgehog vs. Bannon the Intestinal Parasite" would be more apropos, otherwise, spot on.
Honey Badgers are far too cute to be compared to Bannon.
We have become rich? What about the trillions of dollars in debt our country is in? We need to take care of our own first.-----When
---there are no longer any homeless, when vets are getting care, when seniors can afford their medicine---then maybe think about others.
McCain the back stabbing turncoat

???
You better not screw us again likevyou did with obama care. We want tax cuts and we want them now!
Honey badger for Bannon?  Try hyena. It will eat anything to glut itself, including its own feces. Yeah. Bannon/hyena.

Bannon only speaks hate & now he gets on tv spouting a bunch of nonsense to try break our democracy. Hate leads no where !
Bannon knows Trump will never win re-election so he's set his sights on replacing & not Pence. Watch his moves carefully! He's evil as hell!
Excellent read!!  I'm a fan of Mr Stephens & definitely you as well Sen McCain.Thank you for your service to our country & speaking out now.
McCain speaking about honor is rich! Repeal the ACA? Build the Wall? That's what got him elected; then he voted against this! McCain = Liar
thank you
We love you Senator McCain!
Why a honey badger? Is it because he doesn't give a fuck?
(Pardon my language)
I've coughed up scarier things than Bannon
Why don't you try being an American Firster and PUT AMERICA FIRST?
In the end honor always wins, it may take longer but respect is always better than fear.
Spurious nationalism?!!! NOT!!!!!!! It is time for Americans to feel loyalty to our own country for a change! We don't want globalism!!!!!
Why do you hate the free market? Capitalism means we have disposable income. Protectionism means we have high prices.
Read my article: The Maverick - All In with a Losing Hand
Bannon doesn't deserve to be mentioned in the same paragraph as @SenJohnMcCain
.@CAGOP is so desperate they have Bannon as keynote speaker at fall conf on Fri. Not a way to get moderates.
We are excited to announce Steve Bannon will be keynoting the opening dinner of the Fall 2017 CAGOP Convention!
https://www.cagop.org/steve_bannon_to_keynote_friday_banquet_at_california_gop_convention …
Take Bannon the Honey Badger over the traitor McCain Hedgehog any day of the week. The hedgehog song bird traitor needs to resign!
Excellent, Senator Hedgehog!
This is a must read. Thank you, John, for your service. "Bannon is the most revolting operator in American political life..."
term limits and this propping up worn out old senators would not be necessary.
As a Naval Aviator you understand the term "target rich environment"
A perfect description of the current administration and there is no one better to lead in this battle than you.
I'm not a Republican, I'm an American and I admire and respect John McCain.  We need his wisdom and soul right now!
I may not always agree with you on policy, however your dedication to this Country and your personal integrity has never been in question.
Unlike some of his colleagues.  I hope he helps us take them all down!
Sir. There is only one Hedgehog.
You need to read this.
1st, McCain is no Republican. 2nd, I do not want t pay illegals Health, Education, Welfare, Unemployment. 3rd, McCain don't speak for me
Beautifully written!
Brett, interesting column. However, stop making McCain out like all of his decisions are pure as snow. He’s been the honey badger of late
No one is perfect and I disagree with him on many things.  But he has honor, decency, and most lacking in the Republican Party, honesty.
Don’t kid yourself. McCain has a nasty, vindictive streak as well. It’s on display right now with @realDonaldTrump
You are a disgrace mr. McCain. I'm embarrassed that I voted for you. You would think you put your petty ego aside for the country. Go home
Only one name for Trump supporters in my books!
Thank you sir.
Written by the same guy who wants to rewrite the 2A! I think I’ll NOT (must read) his lame liberal nonsense. Sorry Senator, you’ve changed.
Do we really need to zoom in so close we're fact checking whether McCain uses a nose hair trimmer?
Senator McCain, the best of America loves you!
Hey it’s a MAGA propaganda account run by a pussy who thinks they’re real tough talking shit to POW vet with brain cancer on twitter
Senator, this world adores you.
Only the liberals.
Trump these are the nations heroes. Captured or killed. #DEFERMENT5
https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ … song bird traitor McCain. Ask him about being in prison and Nixon pardoned him!
He said getting a purple heart was easier than he thought. As he holds the Purple heart of a true veteran #DEFERMENT5
Lmao. Wow you liberals really do need people to spell out shit for ya! Believe what you want. Even if the truth is there just like a lib!

Song bird traitor McCain is NOT a hero thats what I was pointing out! He is a traitor went to prison Nixon pardoned him

You're nothing but a bitter old man
Bannon is less of a honey badger than a drunk chimpanzee
love ya McCain but @BretStephensNYT? oof no thanks.
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Bannon is trash.
Senator McCain should gather Corker and Collins, come over to the Dem Party,Schumer assigns McCain Jud. Com. Chair. and he dispatches Trump.
Nothing @BretStephensNYT writes is "must read". back to your nap, cranky
