Thank you for 227 years of safeguarding our waterways, @USCG. Here’s to another 227! #CG227 #CGDay 
Thank you Sen. McCain for your service and courage.
Amen! I don't understand persecuting a man that just had brain surgery he is a republican but by the grace of God. First
Yes,  his party is republican and sure u try to stand with you party.  T God he's human first.  Learning twitter. Sorry
McCain is out, thanks for showing your true Democrats side
#RepealAndReplaceMcCain just freaking get the hell out of the way of this administration please John you undercover Democrat!
Happy birthday, @USCG! :)
McCain Soros Graham you have to stop your evil action against Trump. Make sure to respect futur and peace of Americans. Trump is Président.
You spelled "fuhrer" wrong.
Yes indeed McCain is probably a terrorist against America. Ukraine, Syrie, south America, Georgia, Kosovo etc. Far toi much.
There is no probably, he has removed all doubt.
I agree
You lied
Semper Paratis
Hopeful you know Obama ERA done.
Amen,  I thank you as well,  I so appreciate the liberty and freedom you afford us.  Blessings
God Bless the USGC! Keeping their promise to keep America safe! Unlike Senator McCain!

You're a liar.
Happy birthday!!
so you are part of Uranium 1 deal! No wonder you want to destroy Trump! He is not part of the establishment that sold out America!
Thanks for doing what @realDonaldTrump should also be doing. So disrespectful to our military over and over.
PS could you step up to stop the violence and discrimination by @uscg and other @CustomsBorder Thanks
What does that even mean.

Retirement would be benefit we the people. That would be a gift to all of us you p.o.s. r.i.n.o.
Traitor!
It's refreshing seeing a Republican leader acting presidential.
Happy Birthday, Senator McCain
Wondering...did u wish Barack Obama happy birthday today? Wondering if u miss him just a little after almost 200 days w/#45? Much classier
I hope and pray you get the health care you prescribed for America.  Swamp monster!!
Yea I don't think they want your birthday wishes . It is like Hitler giving them a shout out

It's stunning how many people on this thread don't know the difference between "you're" and "your."  You guys...it matters.
@USCG responded @JohnMcCain thanks for joining the @USNavy
My husband is a veteran of the coast guard!
I guess you don't care what your party or constituents want because it's all about you! You would never win another election you know that!
It seems you are exactly what our founding fathers saw coming. You are a terrible politician and bitter person. Live on no pension and SS!
My husband was blessed to work for the Coast Guard Academy in CT. We the USCG Thank you for your post, Senator McCain.
REME SIR !HAVE FAITH !THE PURPOSE OF THE BIBLE IS TO GIVE FAITH TO ALL !BEF EVERY MIRACLE JESUS ASKED DO YOU BELIEVE ?THEN THEY WERE HEALED
Thank you Mr McCain for your service Americans love you!
We Still Need You @SenMcCain to Right the Wrong of #SenateGOP Attempts to Take Money from #ACA, #Medicaid for Wealthy. Happy Birthday. TY
Songbird.  POWs don't forgey
Please work with the Republicans
Same birthday as Obama!!!
;) Happy Birthday USCG!
Thank you for defending my FREEDOM!
Thank you for remembering.  Our current so call d president can only remember that his vacation starts today
Sen. McCain?
How much of DJT's empire building gets undone, once he is impeached?
Can America admit it made a mistake?
Save us Cpt. McCain
I think us Trumpers should start our own party called #TheAmericaFirstParty since you won't do what you say songbird
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10210552192463415&id=1304167964 … What if we start "The America First Party" with Trumpers? We could change everything. Very rough preamble. Ideas?
You go right ahead.  Patriots like John McCain exemplify what this country stands for.  @realDonaldTrump and Trumpers do NOT!
McCain is living in the past, as USA and USSR were involved in cold war. That man is marked for the rest of his life by Vietnam war...
McCain behaves in the Senate more and more like some kind of emperor. maybe he should be reminded he lost 2008 and Trump is the President...
Unlike you they didn't kill 133 sailors acting like a fool
John needs to give back all the Campaign funds raised, had no interest in replacing Obamacare!
Go away traitor.  Please just go.
Yup, at least someone served with honor.
Please support the RAISE act. It's important to us.  Make it you last big accomplishment. Thank you
it's @ThePresObama Birthday as well did you send him birthday wishes?
Very effective in New Orleans disaster.
Happy Birthday, CG!!

State sponsored terrorism of antichristZiocons

@realDonaldTrump  @SenJohnMcCain @SenRichardBlack 
…
@DeptofDefense ...maybe these people can find freedom in all that rubble.
I see the red and white of our Coast Guard vessels and it's home, I'm home!
UR older than our confederation;
kudos 2 U!
I wouldn't doubt it if you're the leaker. Process of illumination would put you in the top three along with Collins
Please retire, no need to come back
Better watch out will be last if up to trump
We can only pray and wish
Nothing will stop it as long as depraved lawmakers like you are getting filthy rich exploiting the displaced ppl. #Neanderthals #EVOLVE!

When I was held at gunpoint by a white guy, do you know who I blamed?  EVERY WHITE GUY I SAW.  Because, logic.
Get lost traitor mccain. We dont forget.
Best wishes to you and your family, senator
Consenting RINO'S.....
to the hell with him!
Your comment re: "Now lets see Donald make America great again". We checked and McCain your no Hero and never was. U put yourself before USA
John McCain you are a warmongering old lying anti-American fool. That is your legacy.
Hey @SenJohnMcCain aren't you supposed to be resting 
He's been resting since he's been put into the Senate 35 years ago

#ObamaDay
What a brainless POS 
I don't wish you ill will but your days are numbered & you should seek God. GBM is evil & it's time to redeem your reputation while you can
DEAD RINO....
Are you dead yet?! Can you do it this weekend?!
Thank you for your service and everything you do.
Ummmm.  What?
Have a wonderful stroke today John.
Another one that hates the military.. jerk.
Diane, proud Combat vet. Loyal Trumper, true defender of our nation.
Can you really be a defender of our nation and support a traitor at the same time? With one you can't claim the other.
Coming from someone that retweets Bill Clinton, I've already spent to much time on you.
Happy Birthday to best President in 50 years, Barack Obama!!
I think you got best and worst mixed up
