Senator, you're a great man but I disagree.  We need to fix inefficiencies in the military spending.
What in the hell have you been doing? #DrainTheSwamp
Impeach NOW
You are the perfect argument for term limits. There is no place for professional politicians in Washington. Lost touch with constituents.
https://twitter.com/RWPUSA/status/916025780643274753 … @gop #bumpstocks #bumpstock #BumpstockBan
A President who can't read the First Amendment must go. We do not investigate the press in the USA

http://cnnmon.ie/2ge7DBY  via @CNNMoney
Wrong
https://twitter.com/McFaul/status/916084801978851328 … #bumpstock #bumpstocks #BumpstockBan 
PLEASE STOP THIS BEHAVIOR OF THE @GOP
Absolutely crazy! Please GOP leaders denounce: GOP rep suggests conspiracy theory about Charlottesville violence http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/354096-gop-rep-suggests-george-soros-was-behind-charlottesville-rally …
How could it not be?
How much had the NRA bribed you with this year, sir? What is your stance on limiting weapons of war from the general population?
Stop the insanity so much to focus on what happened no one did anything all these years
Bout time you agreed with President Trump?
Wishing you the best, Senator.
Sir, if America still care for their greatest known Value- Liberty for all. The need has always been existing in Biafra land. #BiafraExit
Senator, rebuilding our military is vital & should be done immediately.  But, I oppose that fucking wall proposed by the #failingFakePOTUS.
We need to rebuild yesterday. We face the gravest of threats ever in history & it is imminent. Our military has been attacked & compromised
We don’t get a do-over after a nuke. The assault on your namesake was our last warning. Our military is stretched w disasters. If we get
Nuked now, what does this country think we will do to rebound or how we will in that chaos? We have had our last warning!
We also aid and abet our own terror w a traitor occupying US soil in our WH & GOP does nothing. Nothing to even push our sanctions
Everyday we help our enemy destroy us like sitting ducks, like idiots, abominations to our forefathers. What’s happened is hell on earth
Restore and protect our military but remove our greatest threat or we will suffer. There is no do-over! Why is this hard to understand?
Oh and btw this maniac is still threatening ominous outcomes publicly, nationally, and internationally right now as I type. Bye USA
you are an embarrassment to America and the military. Retire and get help.
McCain you're something else - you have been in the military & now in congress for a lot of years and evidently you haven't fixed anything
Ever think our military readiness is being effected by ur refusal 2 hold confirmation of 70% of pentagon officials? Stop holding us hostage
Do they ever consider the high rate of PTSD being claimed at discharge has effected our military readiness? No, probably not.
I had so much respect for you but not any more I can’t believe you sat by 4 yrs and did nothing to help the USA vets !!!
How much longer are we going to let today's vets file PTSD WITHOUT PROVE? These aren't Wars of past
What military strength? when the US spends $1.5 trillion on a plane (F35) that can't fly , and US has aging infrastructure ... who's right?
Roads, bridges and homeless first please. And.... retire
Will you PLEASE retire. Your time has come and past. You are a perfect example of why we need term limits.
How’s your freaking healthcare? Mines not good thanks to your nay vote. Go away
Surprised a Democrat like McCain would say this.
I am no expert, but I worry about the challenges posed by assymetric warfare.
We could rebuild quicker if your treasonous ass was out of congress and in prison where you deserve to be
Damn Frank!   You are busting the balls of an old man.  

The massacre in Las Vegas was the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. 

The victims and their stories: http://nbcnews.to/2xkWfyE  
Waco
Should have happened long ago with all respect
Cut the bloated military budget. Build a fema response team to rebuild after disasters.
After you repeatedly back stabbed potus a bum like you has no credibility with folks like me as far as I'm concerned. Go away!
Won't get help from trump ! Just publically humiliated Generals for not getting his info faster! Seriously!
I AM WITH YOU
obama destroyed the Armed Forces on your watch.
Lack of #military readiness inherited from prior administration.
Retire McCain
Why not invest in peace
No one trust your opinion
But morality should define our humanity and that has been destroyed by this administration.  Embarrassed to be an American now. Shame on us!
Our GREATEST security comes from a strong economy. That means TAX REFORM and Obummercare REPEAL!!  Don U think it's time Senator??
Sick citizens can’t work.  One car wreck or unanticipated gunshot wound or case of leukemia can really ruin your whole day!  ?Trumpcare?
Thanks John. I appreciate you sending this out to the people. Cyber intelligence boost may be most critical.
Like you care? It takes money to rebuild. You obviously aren't willing to fix that issue.
I hope you will reject the budget that cuts Medicare, increases the debt and is mostly just tax cuts for rich people.
Why r u so focused on building up a military that's the largest in the world with excess tanks in Nevada? How warlike do u wank us to look?
MCCain is a traitor- hero as a boy, traitor as a senior adult
When will you cut unneeded spending to focus on what we do need? Where's the #BRAC?
Arizona GOP .... CRUSH mccain 2018!!! #TrumpTrain #MAGA #AmericaFirst #PeopleNOTPoliticians
Your Lord Lucifer is waiting for yoi
I am in awe of your strength and courage, and I am a democrat.
All the $ spent on "defense" while our infrastructure crumbles is like installing a security system on a house that is falling down.
John what about your HC promises? Repeal replace Obama Care. Why did you desert us on the face of the Dem resist. Desertion?
And under your leadership this happened. Amazing.
you want to block Pentagon appt. but rebuild the military, you're a pathetic liar, jealous, angry, dying old man who is not a statesman 
#retire
It is not going 2b easy Senator after 16 years of misadventure in the wrong places that led 2 defeat ..
They should audit the military. Throwing money at them isnt the answer
Raised in AZ and always support you but the military budget is out of control as are our fights around the world.
What about the unstable leadership in the WH???
What about the 125b waste???
Absolutely especially in light of POTUS's calm before the storm comment. Big changes imminent.
Yeah, no bias here.
It has to be through smart streamlined smart modern approach. We already spend more than then next 4 or 5 combined so it's not a $ thing
@SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC and the rest of the GOP. THIS IS NOT OK! He's scaring people and kids!
TRUMP: "Maybe it's the calm before the storm."
...
REPORTER: "What storm Mr. President?"
TRUMP: "You'll find out."      (via Satellite News) 
How about your readiness to help the middle class & small business? Wait, ego first, special interests second & our tax $'s for fun
Please @SenJohnMcCain Talk some sense into the people who can prevent us going to war!
Just leave it to the true heroes who don't lie to their loyal followers!
Wht relevance does this have 2getting things done?This is a rediculous statement. Stop w the BS& get 2 work. This is not work.It’s Nonsense
Because Trump is going to have us in wars with Iran, North Korea, China and anybody else that doesn't obey our dictator.
Keep fighting for our military. They need better training. And veto tax bill. Defunding billions from Medicare!
You got something right
Hey, John, get on board w/ @POTUS or get out of the way. You have abandoned your voters, they're gonna abandon you! Work for ppl.
what have u been doing the past 20 years ??||||
--this had to be published before all of the Russia IO and cyber revelations add an appendix?!
We spend more than enough on military spending. They are extremely wasteful. They need to use what they have.
Are U joking?Viewed Burns/Novick's VietNam doc.Mattis "assures"Congress stating Trump set 2win out LONGEST war.STOP this WAR and rebuild!
Your an idiot!
Have you switched parties yet?
Not if trump keeps playing with No Korea like it's a school yard fight... It's very scary. Get better
John, I think you’re awesome, but I think you’re wrong. Our military is a bloated expensive machine costing our country way too much.
Well then get to it and quit wasting your time on transgender and other nonsense.
Thanks 4 sitting back for 8 years while u allowed Obama to transform our great nation. Do u sleep well at night?  Military families do not
Senator quit being a bitter little cry baby, and do your job for the people not for your self gratification, approve pentagon appointees
How can this be? We spend an astronomical amount on our military! Inefficiency? Waste, fraud, and abuse?
Traitor McCain.
What the fuck have y’all been spending the astronomical budgets on before Now?!
YOU. ARE. A. TRAITOR!!! To the American people who put you in power to speak for them, to yourself, and prob a disappointment to ur family
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/916099155092582406 … #MAGA @gop #bumpstocks
This is NOT something a normal, stable Commander in Chief says, especially in the middle of a nuclear crisis with North Korea. #NOTNORMAL https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/916089355281862656 …
Traitor
Will you raise taxes pay for it?
Maybe those two useless wars, one of which continues to this day, had something to do with it?
After Obama dismantled it we are way behind.
our President is trying......everyone needs to work together.
I have been preaching about this for the last 10 yrs. Our military has been rated as weak to marginal in a study I conducted last year.
I respect you, I admire your daughter, but I respectfully disagree. Rebuild the military by bringing them home and getting out of war
Seriously you just upped their budget and you're still complaining. You want a better military take a look at the commander in chief
You let it happen.
It's a shame you spent 50 years in politics and your legacy is going to be that you're a despicable old bastard
You let Obama deplete the military you guys gave Obama everything and President Trump nothing shame on you you must resign
you let it happen

What a sad life, to always live in fear.I guarantee you US security would be higher if we took this money and spent it on humanitarian needs
Readiness “crisis” is a result of our huge international commitments, not budget!!
Yes, rebuild by all means. However, with no more money. You don’t need it.
Are U fuckin kiddin me bilions more for war billions less for people get real Warpig No More War Haven’t u had enough
What a waste of time you are . Where is your health plan you our full of it !!!!!
Senator, I love ya man...please don't let them waste taxpayer $ on the "wall" that can be put toward any number of better uses
Where have you been for the last 8 years #Donald j Trump
But you oppose to give the Pentagon the leaders they need.  Cheap revenge because TRUMP WON AND YOU DID NOT.
Just as important: getting the Russians out of our elections #Russia
Military efficacy is impt, but Russia's election attack shows that battles/wars will be fought on a different platform. #reallocateresources
POTUS is doing a fine job rebuilding after Obama and yourself let it fall apart for 8 years.
Is this the Military Industrial Complex Eisenhower warned us about. Cut taxes and spend more money?
Please vote no on budget. We need someone on your side to help the American people. Thank you.
hell no.  people complain about entitlements, but the level of wasteful spending in the military is sickening
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/916061636921880577 … #bumpstocks @gop #MAGA
Remember the photos from Mar-a-Lago in Feb, when Trump & his advisers were huddled using cell phone flashlights during a nat sec briefing..? https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/916058958607024128 …
Dude.  Go home!
Where were you the last 8 yrs. Kissing Obama's but and leaving military out in the cold?
We spend more than the sum of the spending by the next 9 countries. If we are in crisis we need new leadership, then let's talk spending.
Thank you for your service 
He just took a knee.Glad u spent time in prison camp. U left 1st wife 4 her illness & remarried 2nd 4money. won’t save u from deadly cancer
Currently watching Ken Burns Viet Nam War series yer in Ep 5 This is What We Do that train wreck of a prez the Donald owes u an apology sir
NO HE DOESNT.  MC CAIN OWES AN APOLOGY TO THE POW FAMILIES.  Read history and get informed.
Thank you President Trump for making our nation strong with a strong military.
The idea that the military needs more money is laughable. Audit the Pentagon now.
Readiness for what?  The next bottomless pit we shovel our blood and treasure into?
After 8yrs of Mccain Kissing Obamas ass and Gutting Our Military  that should not be that hard to figure
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Change readiness reporting procedures. No commander will put himself on report for not being ready. As is, reports are inflated.
We have a great military & even greater people in our services , god bless you all
Thats why they didnt ask and shouldnt have more money in this budget. Please save medicare, medicaid, and social security from being raped.
Your time is over. Step down.
Not into anything Heritage, they want contracts for rich men to get richer. I respectfully disagree.
They also push their phobia agenda
Phobia of what, like a terrorist that now has a nuke aimed at us.  The one Obama allowed him to build the last 8 yrs.
As SOON as we get rid of YOU, we start taking care of the REAL MILITARY PERSONAL. Done with John BENNIDICT ARNOLD McCain.
Ready for what? The landscape has changed, this isn't the 40's anymore! Man you guys need to be unelected!!
Let's first talk about getting Russian influence out of the WH and Congress, Senator.
If there was any damage done by the Russian is nothing compare to what McCain has done to this country.  Despicable traitor
Fraud!!

#weseeyou
A son a daddy can be discussed by.
This happened under your watch. If you could not prevent it, how are you able to fix it? Resign so a competent person can sit in the senate.
No need to spend more money on military evils. Already 50% of total world expenditure by the usa here. .
30+ years of random thoughts and no accomplishments. QUIT ALREADY. RETIRE Brutus
How about we just call on this well regulated militia we've been propping up for the last 200+years?
Please tell me how you "propped up" this militia? Did you donate to them? Who is the "WE" you speak about. Do you speak for everyone?
Working today or just tweeting? #Loser!
I  the whole idea of bullying UN members4 was to save & cut Miltary budget it seems like a contradiction HEALTHCARE  CONTROL LIVING WAGES
An inept and divisive WH, natural disasters $$, military and vets divided, generals are keeping US together. Keep US out of WAR.Trump stupid
PLEASE GO AWAY JOHN.  WE HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN YOUR TREACHERY.
ask with respect..isn't it contradictory to have countries pay their fair share to the U.N. & then go & spend so much on Miltary?  2save$
And when have the UN has done anything for America other than bash us.
If there was foul play involved in the tragedies in the Pacific and, the Navy Brass hasn't identified the source, you are begging for WWIII.
Let’s build a new A-10, I’m seriously all for that!
They're struggling to get helicopters to Puerto Rico. You'd think $700 billion would be enough.
Sir, with respect for your long service to US.  Bullshit. Heritage not objective source. This vet says we spend more than enough on defense.
Dear John, I was saddened to see how much money you have taken from the NRA.  It’s rather disappointing to this American.
When you got a hard-on for the military and $700b isn't enough 
To save money, Y don't U just confiscate all the military-grade weapons that R apparently floating around in the hands of private citizens?
Rebuild not correct wording .
Um the Russians won for a mere $.5m & not a shot fired. For instance, congressional Russian sanctions still not implemented despite 10/5z
What for?
Senator, try cancelling a lot of boondoggle military projects and you'll find plenty of money.
Imagine spending more money on killing people in other countries than taking care of our own.
We have Tx, Fl, Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico to rebuild first. No sense having a military if your country is in the dumpers.
Senator, how -- after spending about $800B base budget per annum for the last 10-15 years -- are we in need of "rebuilding?"

THIS IS HUGE. Please share this news.

A substantial percentage of the Steele Dossier has already been proven true. https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/10/05/politics/special-counsel-russia-dossier-christopher-steele/index.html …
At the expense of the healthcare for all Americans?
Healthcare is not going to keep the bad guys from your door. Just remember that.
Someone needs to wipe the trump shit off your face  and thanks for the thumbs  on repeal and replace Mr McCain
Retire!
Enjoy your family while you are still healthy enough to do so 
They want you 
America doesn't
