Precious American lives and Tax Payer's money are being wasted since last 16 years with no end in sight....and no exit plan !
The only thing that matters to @SenJohnMcCain is that he gets his cut of the $$$$$$  #workingfortheNVAsince1967
#USSJohnSMcCain  Our prayers are with each and everyone of the missing US Navy Sailors and all of the US Navy
Clear SF alone will not win Afghan war-need to quit entirely – or bring back ID’s and take out Pakistani refuge for Taliban-no 3rd choice.
We must, by God!  Because all the defense companies contribute to Johnny Rotten aka @SenJohnMcCain   #draintheswamp
Damned if we stay.Damned if we go.Isis will take over if we leave. That would be a disaster. America will be there for years to come
no WE dont, bud. havent you done enough?
He is scum. Treason high treason he is guilty of and carries the penalty of death.Trumps coming for all six of you
They wait... in the shadow of evil, in every city to extract revenge for the evil deeds of #Blair and #Bush #USA.  
#WMD #Iraq #Syria #Libya
Yes . . Absolutely.  Afghans have great minds, they know their geography and their enemies' processes . .
You are mistaken, read the report https://sma.nasa.gov/docs/default-source/safety-messages/safetymessage-2007-12-01-explosionsaboardussforrestal.pdf?sfvrsn=4 …
Based on what evidence?
As you can see noone cares what you have to say, everyone knows you are a traitor and wishes you to resign.
Everyone?
Yes, everyone knows including Dems/Libs beleive it or not

It's time for @SenJohnMcCain to retire NOW! Before he was only delusional, not he is clearly insane.
The only delusional character here is the NOBODY telling a duly elected American Hero to step down from public office.
David is a traitor
LOL, you are CRAZY and Uninformed, you are either STONED or STUPID! My guess is STUPID!1st
I have never read or attempted to read such disconnected nonsense. I do hope they find a pill to help you. That stuff above is insane.
Sounds like you would know!1st
Please go back to mommy's cellar, it's rapidly become not worth reading or responding to your incoherent ramblings.
ukhodi cyka
We have been there so much and spent a lot of money into that country why don't we just make it a state? And get it over with
No, it is time for them to stand on their own.
He is planing on sending you Lindsey Graham and the rest of the Democratic Party so that they can destroy the country from within.
Go awsy
How many more Afghans do you estimate we will need to kill before they are throughly peaceful, democratic and pro-American?
We need to stay to protect the #Poppy fields  Opium production at an all time high hmmm!!! "Opioid Epidemic" Gov Agencies funded by drug $$$
At the cost of how many trillion?
How about get out, reduce the national debt by 60% and cut taxes by 50% before letting Johnny play any more war games?
Time to give up McCain..
if you would if stopped Obama we wouldn't still be there
Same problem Russians had when they were there.
Thank you Senator!
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You are a fool!!!!!!!!!!!
Coward. Hiding behind another person's identity. You are talking at yourself, fool.
I agree with you sir. There are actual people living in Afghanistan. Maybe they would not like to be the subject of another experiment !
Nothing they do . Now they dont know what to do
Sir. This war is unwinnable. Just how much more US taxpayers money will b put down the drain?
Pakistani say this
Why should we listen to you? We wanted repeal and replace and you didn't listen. Pakistan has to allow entrance to knock it out.
We?
"WE" what part of that did not compute? 2020 cant get here fast enough. wake up call 2018 but rino ALL be gone by 2020. WHAT?
Пиши по русски, янка!
Absolutely. World (&US) is paying a bloody price for scoffing at USA, deriding it as "policeman of the world". Obama listened/complied sadly
Why? Why? Why?
Don't listen to this corrupted pig....
Then you should suit up and go there, since you love war so much. Bring everyone else home.  #endthewarsnow
John you should be in Afghanistan to lead the fight...
I don't agree John even though I voted for you I we have to get the hell out it's a mess
But what about the klan
Hell no, get out
Gotta make sure them private contractors keep getting paid..bring out troops home...if u insist on this madness institute the draft
MOVE ALL STATUS
Maybe you should read some Middle East Press on "Why you should Leave"
Just go home nobody wants your military anywhere near their country
First of all afghan president need to be removed from power
Not your decision Senator.
Coffers running low talkin John?

Intel Update - Stew Webb, Heneghan (8-18-17)

@stewwebb 

…
BS! Bring the troops home to fight the war here against the violent Leftist Marxist Antifa and protect our borders.
I agree we need to stay and also institute the draft again so more can share in protecting our country..
Yes keeping making and dropping bombs. Keep the death going to satisfy your cut of the military industrial complex. 
#WarMonger
#TermLimits
Not for the sake of War Profiteer Erik Prince! What a disgusting idea.
You should be sent there personally, by Lindsay.. that's the last prank he can pull on u. After making you the No Vote.
No after 16 years if you have not won the war it's definitely time to leave McCain This quagmire only serves the military industrial complex
How about you stay? No more precious treasure wasted. Send only old men with Attitudes!
More us deaths while you go to Mayo. No thanks.
@POTUS @georgelopez HEY CAN WE SEND TRUMP THERE HE COULD GO WITH ALL HIS RACIST BUDDIES
Trump has no right to be president, or commander in chief of our military.Get him out now. President Pence and VP Ryan. #trumpbegone
Sir can thank you loud enough for being a voice to the almost forgotten voices in Afghanistan!
Yes we need to protect those poppy fields! All u entrenched politicians and the cia cant lose that illegal income!
You are one of the reasons this country needs term limits!!! And fast
Swamp creature, career politician,  everything that's wrong with our two part system!  Term limits NOW!  Vote them out.  Dem and Rep.
We all know you're a war monger. Step down! #RINO #Traitor
Why? #Afghanistan is just another Vietnam. I would think that you of all people would want America out. Lost cause.
Retire Democratic "hero".
Sorry Senator it is time to leave. We should not sacrifice anymore American Troops in this fiasco.
Not a must read only for war monger nstion builder like u. People dying for nothing no gratitude always have
I pray not for u but for the men on the Forrestal,  fellow POW's that God may grant them the honor of kicking the doors of hell open for u.
Have you seen latest wikileaks mccain

Bring them home -Enough is enough
You are about to die, You will not even enjoy the loot...the bribes you have collected from anyobody who wanted to pay you off..
When are you going to disavow? Ukrainian Nazis are ok?
Why don't you get a gun and go there yourself. It is time for America to retreat to their borders
Agreed!!
I was hoping you name was not there to keep faith in human beings...But your name is always the first one mentioned in corruption
Silence shows true allegiance.
Wasn't that their reasoning 4 abandoning Potus? Took 2 long 2 denounce white Supr?
Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan have drained the USA dry and cost many lives and a multitude of maimed!! WITHDRAW!!!!
And The Greeks, British and s Soviets also got their asses kicked there.
Nice dump from Wikileaks today. Wow, according to them, you'll work for anybody if the price is right.
Can't you retire already?! America will be a better place without you in office.
Why ? Is there WMDs there? 
Oh, hello. It's Wikileaks again. Did you take money from Clinton PACs in exchange for obstructing Trump before and after election? #TREASON
What a corrupted SOB...
Have you asked for resignation of the democrat  wanting Trump Assassinated?  You call yourself a true American?  Sad. Imo
Don't fight it, John. Your brain cancer is not random. It was served to you by Karma...and Karma is just.
Why don't you go to Afghanistan!
HC mandate injured families, jobs & emboldened insurance companies. Congress passed law/tax $ pay their premiums! Call ur Senator/TAX REFORM
Where's the outrage at our incompetent POTUS!  Agree Afghan needs a plan but can you guys please do something before we lose everything!!
Have none because we the PEOPLE are smarter than you! Your FAKE WAR HERO has been selling U.S. out his entire POLITICAL CAREER! WAKE UP1st
Of course you want to keep your war machine rolling. You're a murderer!
Heroes do not get captured.
@SenJohnMcCain stay in AZ. Swamp/sewer doesn't need you we have 99 more that have to go.
We are losing ! Bring them home !
What is this? Care to explain?
Our NATO allies are sending more too, right? I think you need to show the comparison of what we propose and what NATO countries are too
I understand both sides to this but my honest opinion...bring them home. Waste of money and lives...like Vietnam.
We are not need u we are just need the tools that is used against those that not want to develp day day
No. We need out of there & we need demented war profiteers like you gone! #Bulgaria #Silkway #whitePhosphorus #uranium #DiplomaticLoopholes
Couldn't agree more.  Bring back the draft! Wars should be Equal Opportunity Employers, not just the lower economic tier.
You forgot #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachDonaldTrump. #Impeach45 #LOCKHIMUP
Crazy is as Crazy does and that was just CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!! Impeach yourself from this country 1st
.don't have time to read. must work to pay bills. want to stay in #Afghanistan? you go!
No #BlackApril for Afghanistan: Consolidate gains,  supply support, keep advisers, build air power, push for fair and honest government
Why not hold a referendum and ask the Afghans if they even want us?
It would be rigged, how many times has that scenario been played.
I'm not aware of any such referendum ever? Can anyone correct me with facts?
Get out. We can do nothing useful there. Failure from day one. Bin Laden was in Pakistan. There was no other reason to be in Afghanistan.
Good morning Senator. Hope your feeling well. Keeping you and family in prayers.
Green-on-blue attacks in Afghanistan from Jan.1, 2008 up to the March 19, 2017, there have been a total of 152 coalition death, 294 wounded.
Please Retire
More American blood & treasure to be spend in worthless war where the local allied army will shoot us in the back the first chance they get.
I  am agree with you @SenJohnMcCain 
mccain your a traitor and a nut- time for you to go- taking money from russia
I live in az john is a snake lines his pockets cares about no one....
America needed to stay in the Paris accord, but I did not see a lot of GOP pushback on that.
You are INSANE and do not even come close to sounding like you have a clue! Get educated with real facts and science!1st
You are a big disappointment.  No honesty in you.
Really special coming from "Songbird". Lying fraud!
@vanceserchuk your article have no good reason to be in the war now and no explaination as to why we invaded in the 1st place. Yes. Invaded!
Stop trying to guess what white house and defense department are doing! They left u out of the loop on purpose! You talk to much!
No we don't if u want to help them take urself over there and help
Why what had happened it gotten for us.
How does a person accumulate over $20M working for the gov't their entire life? Special Interests & Lobbyists. What'd we get for our $? Zero
George Soros? We think the answer is yes!
What they won't tell us is that Geologists found that Afghanistan is a mineral hot spot and we just want access for mining rights.
True bigger than rare minerals in China. Hey don't forget the CIA poppy program! Sad fact is this info is over a decade old/unreported!
@SenJohnMcCain you must love for our sons and daughters to come home maimed or dead! #Warmonger send your daughter to fight!! #despicable
No we don't UN PROBLEM we need to take care of things here at home not animals else where in the world.. time to revolt and refuse to serve
Your dead wrong McCain
Not!!! You go John...
We have no business being in (occupying) Afghanistan, Iraq etc. People still don't know why we are there. What did 9/11 have to do with it?
Johnny boys military industrial complex, BIG BUSINESS! Also rare minerals, CIA poppies, petrol dollars are a few I know of.
Really? Why don't u go over there and fight the war? Those are REAL MEN AND WOMEN! Our heros! Protecting Ur old butt so u can b a traitor!
What more can be done we gone as far as we need to go with this 17 year war, time to leave @BarackObama  good war

Turncoats:  RYAN. McCAIN. GRAHAM. JEB BUSH. CARLY FIORINA. JOHN KASICH.  #VoteThemOUT https://twitter.com/teddbexar/status/898913130658414592 …
Stop wasting American money and American lives on Islam period. They don't want to be saved or helped, the want to destroy the world.
вас бы опять в яму на пару лет.... Подумать
John U want troops 2 stay in Afghanistan for 1 reason only So U can watch young bright Americans die like U did on the Forrestal & in Hanoi
John McCain is the Manchurian candidate!! Deep inside he hates America.
Funny how that pervasive, vapid idea aligns with those that keep bank accounts offshore to aid those that profit from the war mongering.
Well the cozy deal with family members of those in office will make them millions.  Another inside backroom deal. Trump NEEDS TO GO
Your words are irrelevant to me and not me alone. Pls stay mute at home and enjoy your covfefe.
do you agree with the notion of what is basically an eternal occupation and oppression of a populace which hates you
BEEN THERE 17 YEARS. TIME TO COME HOME, YOU WARMONGER!!!!
Your Tumor must be acting up. The last 15 years have taught u nothing.
He's a traitor to the people and is being paid off
PAID BY HILLARY PAID BY SOROS Paid by the the corrupted press like him really despicable  I hope this scum die soon...
You and Lindsey Graham need to retire. Stop pushing your war agenda.
No, we don't!
If there was any reason to be there it would have been stated in the 1st sentence of the article. There is no reason so it appears nowhere.
Yes!!! Afghanistan is such a great threat to America! J.O.
John McCain is a warmonger as you could see the only ones that say nice things about him anymore are the demo rats please please retire
John...Just die!
Stand up for President Trump
*against
What is in it for #mccain. I have no faith in you.
Money .....
Never get involved in a land war in Asia.
Wars are won or lost not drug on unless there is another motive.
Why don't you go there and give them your money to keep the war going on. Wortless
Gotta get those mineral rights #amiright
Retire, old man.  Time for you to rest.
It looks more like he is planning to outsource the war to contractors,  than to increase the military presence.
Retire take Flake with you!
This is how Songbird McCain lines his pockets. He loves war. He is personally responsible for tens of thousands of deaths. Epitome of Evil.
hey Arizona!! Pay attention
There isn't a war you don't like. This is Obama's war and don't forget it.
Senator, are you working on the Tax Reform Plan? Please do not sabotage anything next time. Thanks
Why not just make it the 51st state? Heck, we might as well. How about we retrieve our troops and send in the Nazis & KKK? They're armed.
And black lives matter wasn't armed think again it was horrible on both sides
Words of a Warmonger!!!

TRAITOR "Songbird" McCain everyone. 

Your time is coming. You will be exposed before your cancer takes you.
Two faces of EVIL.
BUILD THE WALL. PASS TAX REFORM. Most important PASS HEALTHCARE. You guys are not doing anything and we are tired of it
What for? There's no winning anymore than there was in Vietnam. We don't need to pay Prince for a private army.
...nothing like big gov liberals like mccain prancing around the globe like the world police.
Worked well for every other country that stayed...
Support the mayor! We don't want trump here.STAND UP DO WHATS RIGHT
I do and I look forward to him being in town! Stand behind your President not CORRUPT POLITICIANS that would be RIGHT! Are you a SHEEPLE?
Insert the definition of insanity here! Lost cause and a waste of American blood and treasure. See the Soviet Union as an example.
No you should leave,give afghans a chance to live
Go away
Leaving Afghanistan before it is stable enough would be repeating the mistakes of turning our backs in 1989 that led to 9/11. 1/2
Killing Bin Laden & smashing Al Qaeda was our primary goal, but to ensure future security we have to win the reconstruction too. 2/2
That would be force the country to use Monsanto GMO's along with all the other corporations, etc.
I served in Vietnam WAR - same as you
You got beat up - I got Poisoned - I can NEVER have a Meghan to defend ME.
I got PTSD - YOU GOT PTSD
I also served in VIetNam. Lived like a animal 4 13 months. I would love to compare DD214 with hero McCain MAGA
But you are not Prez, and the generals and staff advising POTUS likely disagree.  There has been too much bloodshed for far too long.
Not to be mean, but I fear @JohnMcCain is mentally incompetent and unfit to serve.


Some jobs are inherent responsibility of our govt not to be contracted out why are we even considering this?
..YOU ARE never leaving...there are bases all over Afghanistan and you installed a puppet gov
Tick tock Glioblastoma
Why? To waste a lot of money on a useless unnecessary war (the kind you love the most) which can't even be won?
Don' t create excuses for them 
is that where a lot of heroin is coming from?
