Good job with your questions!!! You were brilliant!!!
Lmao. As the FBI CIA NSA roll on floor laughing at WaPo!
My mouth was hanging open in disbelief! He's a laughing stock!
Why?
Quoting WaPo while those being questioned laughed! Shows how ridiculous his statements were. Time for him to retire.
Says who? You? I'm sure he'll take that into serious consideration in his decisions,
I don't think he capable of forming an intelligent thought of his own. Clearly, he's in the early stages of dementia. #TermLimits
I think you're confusing him with that POS that tweets incoherently.
So since when is the Washington Post Bible????
Since when are trumps words gospel?
McCain needs to be kicked from office! Quoting from WaPo like its gospel! He's an imbarrasement to the senate and America!
It's really amazing how trump supporters lie to themselves. How can u ignore all the smoke?
Smoke brought in by democrats easy to ignore!
It's easy for trump diehards to ignore but for real Americans that put country ahead of party it's not.
Thanks to the constitution for a free press. Great comments and questions today Senator. Keep up the good fight.
Lmao WaPo ? Only libtards think WaPo is a bible. Even the boys being questioned laughed!
They didn't deny story was real, more like confirmed it Duh.
Oh please they were laughing! CIA even said we're talking the WaPo here. Go ahead think it your head. Lmao.
Deny deny deny.
Trump's the Russian's choice, not America's!
What were your questions about? There are 2 different issues.
Democrats seem to have a short memory in response to Russia interference - Obama apologised for US bugging world leaders mobiles
Please be the new LION OF THE SENATE and seek the truth without deference to your party. PLEASE!
Country over party Senator.
Hopefully it's not a rambling incoherent statement again
Why did u silence Kamala Harris? You are complicit. Just another trump robot
Really? Using Washington Post as credible reference!!
WaPo is credible. I suppose you watch Hannity, an uneducated conspiracy theorist.
Questions? Couldn't understand any of what you said. You are a RINO! Please retire and go away. #McCainNeedsToRetire #McCainLostHisMind
Sir, you are a true patriot and a true hero.  We are trusting you to do the right thing and stand up for what's right.
Because we all know *everything* reported in WaPo is % accurate just *like* in the Russian dossier.  Right McCain?!
You mean the fake dossier he leaked??
*Exactly*.  McCain absolutely disgusts me, even more than most Democrats because he's a RINO. I loathe posers.
McCain the RINO
Also, a traitor!
I listened... Was there any point whatsoever to your rambling just now?!
Just to deflect from trump.
Thank you! You are representing the people.
SHE PERSISTED!!!
it was about http://702.you  rambled for 5 min.on wa po.at least your condecension was not as ugly or as hostile as your "friends"
Questions? You are so confused Mr. McCain, the meds aren't working anymore. President Trump not Comey. #McCainBrainDead #McCainLostHisMind
Right -use all your time to pressure men abt WaPo like they are believable. You need to retire. Disgraceful 
Go down in History w/ this Q
I feel sorry for his daughter.
Do like Meghans' blunt assessments but @SenJohnMcCain set out 2 destroy Trump. So we go back to Commie Land
Cut Ur nose off 2 spite Ur face
God bless Donald Trump an American patriot and a great President! USA USA 
The only question you have to ask yourself Is why are you still in the Senate go away, join Hillary and just go
HC's campaign was not involved wRussian interference. If so Moeller will uncover
Please GO AWAY, Enjoy your wife & her millions. You are becoming an embarrassment and I hate to see it happen. #WEELECTEDTRUMP #MAGA
Drink more you'll feel better
There are a lot of people going to be arrested in the next year from the Obama Administration. Are you going to be one of them?
lol I'd be rolling on the floor laughing my ass off if he is!
You asked but nobody answered. I'm getting more worried about a dictatorship forming with all the military.
Obama's gone, it's okay now.
I think Comey would make great president
Lol
Asking questions, or running interference for evasive witnesses? #CountryFirst, Senator! America needs the maverick back.
Never mind, Sir. You should always be proud of your service, but you finally seem to be running out of steam.
3 times....@POTUS @realDonaldTrump NOT under investigation.
Omg!!!  You might as well read MAD magazine instead of WaPo.  Wtf is wrong with you?

What's your point?
After all your time you still don't understand the nature of classified material.   Resign.
Ask why and for whom unmasking was requested/provided.  Plz don't use this as a forum for Trump bashing as usual. Act like a Republican
I only hope you can keep all of us above the GOP. I'm still skeptical but hopeful. Please be a hero p
You're supporting the ridiculous liberal agenda just because you "don't like" our President!  Stop & get on to IMPORTANT issues!!
I appreciate you being responsible and wanting to get to the bottom of the Russia Investigation unlike many of your colleagues. #Patriot
Very nice educated response. Thank you.
Evidently it doesn't matter what u ask; they aren't answering! What is 2 become of the USA democracy? Do we have any Patriots left?
Not many!
You were more concerned silencing the freshman senator of color. Than getting answers. @SenKamalaHarris , keep going fmr Ca: AG.
Already owning the air in the room. Thanks @SenJohnMcCain !
Ok, @SenJohnMcCain ...can you clarify your direction today w Comey?  I respect you, but that was confusing.
#neverthelessshepersisted. Shame on you John for not allowing Kamala to speak. I used to respect you...
Please resign before you make a fool of yourself again !!!!!
Yea like is your water to warm, is your seat comfortable, can we get any thing for
You
#NeverDJTHRC DNI Coats on @washingtonpost “integrity"? “Do Not take everything @ face value—wasn’t always accurate”
The question u should answer is why did u have the dossier made up? Ukraine ring a bell? U r a traitor and always have been Songbird McCain
I'm a Dem who voted for McCain. Because he is a no bullshit guy.  Hope the kool aid wears off soon for you fools
And did you get any answers? Is our democracy in jeopardy of massive cover up? What now?@SenatorBurr
Our US Press and Social Media is what I meant in my previous tweet.
The Washington ComPost, New York Slimes, Communist News Network, MSLSD, they speak for no one except themselves!  They have become editoral!
John Mcain is definitely the leaker!!
Shame on you, for your disrespectful actions towards Senator Harris. 
We see now,  you belong to the  intimidated good-ole white boy's club.
Republican Senators affectionately call it "The He Man Women Haters Club." Senator Harris made you all look like petty old GOP fools.
Democrats talking about impeachment of the President are EXTREMELY irresponsible, libelous and preach like Joseph Goebbels, an "evil Nazi"!
You made a total fool out of yourself and disgraced the republican party!!  I'm done.  You should have supported our president!
Rino doing the job for democrats
Sir:  My Sentor in Iowa, Charles Grassley, is an  extremely gracious, well thinking before he speaks and honest!  I have written him often!
Don't like the way you tried to stop @SenKamalaHarris fr asking her questions!!  What is wrong w @gop?  Country before party! #trumprussia
Did u ask them what they thought of Comey not recommending Hillary's prosecution
What questions? Ur constant fear to stand up is sick. You voted for sessions knowing he perjured himself! Sickening and not the old mccain
Ask your questions as an Republican for once!!!!!! For the American People, not special interests!!!!
Careful not to spill your plastic bottle of ensure on your jammies
You made a fool of yourself acting like the Washington Post stories with unnamed sources are credible. As credible as that fake dossier?
Great job, you are the establishment rhino. Support the President Americans put in office. Time for change in Arizona. #termlimits
Not worth it! Senator McCain, you've lost your edge!What's up? Where is FIRE to go after Trump? Gone already? You hate the Russians remember
Did you help or hurt today?
Questions like can you direct me to the men's room?
I wish you were on the Russian inv. since the GOP seems more concerned with not what the Russians did but how we found out. Patriots needed!
What will the senate majority do about the contempt of the four IC leads testifying today? What about Trump's obstruction?
I look fwd to the day you are thrown in jail for your actions. You bring shame to this country. #songbird
Please ask about #loyalty to president rather than #country
Are you with McConnell and Burr in believing women like Kamala Harris are not allowed to be forthright and direct as Angus King?
Which is it John? Country or party? You know Trump/GOP are corrupt & w/screw Americans on healthcare, education all to cut taxes for wealthy
Senator, where is the integrity & honor that got you thru the internment camp? You know what Trump & GOP are doing & simply go along.
You say you're workin for your constituents, but vote w/Trump every time. I fully expect you to support Trumpcare & screw 23 mil Americans.
From Comey's testimony of Trump's actions, from what I understand, adds up to legal definition of obstruction of justice.
& speaking over @SenKamalaHarris during the hearing today. You owe her an apology. Do better. Act w/honor, not like a racist & mysogynist.
Sen., please demand Mr. Coats and Mr. Rogers answer the question posed re: if @POTUS asked them to stop investigations. We deserve to know.
Not tough enough to suit me.  Had no legal standing not to answer your questions. Demand they answer to the Am.people for whom they work!!
McCain is the only Republican left in Washingtin that hasn't lost their minds.
Can we sue our government? The Intel Chiefs were a disgrace today for refusing to answer unclassified questions. They are covering Trump.
Another opportunity to undermine Trump and your party Jane Fonda would be proud of you
You love to be on TV....
I watched and the Intel Chiefs need to be subpoenaed to a real court outside of Congress if they refuse to answer unclassified questions!!
I can not trust you you are always against Trump so why don't you retire
You claim that you are a Republican but act like a Democrat shame shame shame
you just talk and mumble, what have you done in all these years to put USA first?
Please put our country before your party!
#termlimits. Been there way to long John! Time to move along
WTF, You are not on the Intelligence Committee.  It really is personal with you and Trump, huh!?
You should be the one questioned on your involvement into backing rebels from Iraq, to Libya, to now Syria…
Thank you Senator
hi john yup clarity is key sure wish bickering confusion would end it confuses the people that paying for it all"
Sir, I have been imploring you to earn the respect of ALL AMERICANS and shut down this attempt to destroy our country. Ask us what we think!
Thanks John. Sorry about that boat naming thing.
It may be "disturbing" to u but u Sir are DISTURBED. How long have u been a democrat? AZ voters should be ashamed I know I am of u.
Stand with our president
What is disturbing is U think U R above POTUS. U collaborated w/ Vietnamese, U violated the UCMJ & Ur oath. SONGBIBIRD UR A TRAITOR
Trump felt cloud of pressure preventing him from doing his job. Which is russian kick backs.
To call @JohnMcCain a real hero obviously hasn't researched the real story when Pow Yes tortured cost allied lives with info
Don't just go, just go away.
are we going to see contempt charges for Coats and Rogers et al refusals to answer w/o legal justification?????
Ppl know what you are a Democrat in sheep's clothing
Great question today  wapo article Notice didnt deny article just said he told them he would appreciate his convos w pres to remain private
Well that went over like a led balloon. Sorely disappointed. Who is left to represent the people ? Not their fiefdoms.
-No, you were a salesman for the Washington Post! Very odd position for you to take! All the concerns and issues and you talk about the WP?
Nice try at getting some real answers even though they only want to talk in circles instead of answer a simple yes or no
John McCain made a pact with the devil and is his own special interest. You sir, are a sellout and an embarrassment.
Please use time tomorrow to point out there are 2 interpretations of every convo. Even if Comey's truthful in his stmt, nothing to see here.
I can't believe I voted for you when you ran for the Presidency.  When will you stand up and show the character I thought you had?
Ask the right questions and pay no attention to trumps comrades they all think RUSSIA should be running America
Today was absolutely asinine when they wouldn't answer the questions. Our whole country's democracy could be on the line here. Keep pushing!
You are a Rino Senator McCain.  We are so happy this is your last term.
It doesn't appear these men are answering
You received MI6 dossier,  you hold truth & knowledge. Act with honor in the face of opposition  Captain McCain
You rocked. This coming from a big time liberal.  You always make me laugh. Not at you but with your wit and sarcasm. Rock on!
Let me add #countryoverparty
Do your duty, sir.
It's clear that you believe there was #Collusion & #ObstructionOfJustice  , save your Ass,  Save America for the love of God ! #ImpeachTrump
#ObstructionOfJustice is a criminal offense ! #impeachtrumpnow
No you were quoting an unsubstantiated WAPO newspaper article like it was FACT! You are up to NO good! What are you hiding?!
He is hiding a lot to include his true military record
He is the felony leaker!!
Can you also ask what will happen if we ditch Qatar?
Trump apologists must stop or they should also be complicit in this horrible crime. Enough is enough
Enjoyed it.
This is the single biggest issue in government. Persist despite the trolls in these comments. History is being written here.
You have to have the backs of our serving military officers doing their duty in the middle of this unholy political mess.
You know what he is, Senator.
Please call your office there is an URGENT phone call needed to start investigation for US Airman Andrew Carter 6/9 it will be too late!
Yawn...u don't ever DO ANYTHING!
'Ask him if he would rather fight 100 duck-sized horses or a horse-sized duck.'"

or is that my other Senator...

@JeffFlake
Do you actually have intelligence
Word is you let us down. Party before country much?
R.E.S.I.G.N. doing a favor to Americans.
Ask tough questions it seems like it's a cover up
Thank you Senator McCain
No thanks!  Don't care what you have to say!  You can not fight at the level of those Diabolical Dims!!  Shame on you!
McCain: Did you read the articles in WaPo, they're in details.
Coats(chuckle): You're asking me about the integrity of WaPo?
Bwa ha ha ha
After today, seems like a big waste of time if no answers are given
You have lost all credibility @SenJohnMcCain
Thank You, please continue to protect our freedom. My children and grandchildren depend on it
Citing fake news
Ask this: Why do you refuse to answer simple questions? Do you not feel the American people have a right to know? Do you hate America?
I have to say go McCain, he's not a traitor but the rest of my gop is, they out right was against trump during campaign but tucked tailed...
After he was elected just to push their agenda. Really who is the traitor one that stands by their belief or like all crooked politicians
That changes their positions once it fits their agenda? I'd say McCain has stand by his original word others failed to sad 4 gop
Meanwhile in Trumpland we have 11,000 troops in Qatar that are now in danger! "Elections have consequences" Oh boy! Do they!
Why the fuck are you squishing whistleblowers?
No thanks, sore loser!
You seemed to be the only republican asking relative questions. I wish the others would put country before party. Thank you.
Why? The only thing you're trying to do is torpedo The elected leader of your own party. It's not subtle, we all see it!
I think you have become a total turncoat your acting like a Democrat you need to change from republican to democrat. You make me sick
Softball, slow pitch. Come with heat or get out of the way and let real prosecutors ask the questions. You're pretending now, @SenJohnMcCain
Do what's right for the country Sir
Please get to the bottom of the Mr. McCain...we need the truth.
You need to resign from Republican Party and join the party you support the democratic one.  
Intel Director Coats: "I have never felt pressure to intervene or interfere in any way" with ongoing investigations.  THERE IS YOUR ANSWER.
Please do not let them dodge questions. This President has sold us out to Russia and is obstructing justice
Rogers: "I have never been directed to do anything I believe to be illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate"
Will you do the rest of America a favour, and resign???
Senator, thank youfor taking the time to present your case. I know it is tough and there is alot of backlash but please do continue
Thanks Sen McCain for choosing country over party. Excellent point, re: the Post and Orwell
senator McCain have mad respect for u but this hearing was a joke & disgrace to the American people who desire the true FACTS not a circus.
at this stage in your life and career,asking for you to stand tall, be a hero, do not let this administration get away with treason..thanks
we have allowed the questions to go unanswered & scream fake news how the heck do we know true or false if no one answers the dang questions
what I found interesting is when ?'d He said he hadn't read the article yet claimed it contained fake news. How is that not a false answer?
Very troubling that Coats refused to respond to questions with NO LEGAL BASIS. So can go before the SIC and just refuse to answer questions?
Who could believe a word you say
An unfortunate sight, but thanks for breaking the tension by bringing smiles to our faces.
You didn't seem to get any answers Senator.
Are you in drugs! Questions are useless!
Supported ur campaign for POTUS. DJT is not nice but he's our POTUS. Would HRC & her LeftIstParty be better for country another 4 yrs? #MAGA
conversation with President about non classified info is not classified
