(Now THAT is a Nothingburger, Reader)
#GrahamCassidy will NOT protect #CassidyGraham #Veterans #ARMY #Navy #AirForce #Marines
Absolutely 0 argument (my point was funny pic: true *nothingburger*, not any stmt on your very valid point) But hoping McC will do right? NO
I totally got you there, meant for wider audience.  Also hoping @SenMcCain will do the right thing...
So long as those "spending increases" don't just go to the corporations that push for war constantly. Give $ to soldiers.
It's not going to the soldiers it going to the Military Industrial Complex someone please inform me as to the last time the soldiers got it
Exactly right
This is wrong. Esp NOW. 7 armed conflicts. 1 for 16 yrs. WTF? Unlimited $ for vets, soldiers, families, personnel. NO MORE $ for War Crimes
Weapons manufacturers celebrate while Arizona loses $11B in funding for healthcare? Your NO vote on #GrahamCassidy is needed.

Why is this shit necessary, why don't we just spend this money on healthcare and education like every other rich country on earth #troopsuck
GrahamCassidy HCare bill will put millions of vets+families at risk of illness & death. If u vote for this bill, u r not a patriot.
Oppose Cassidy-Graham bill.  More important than military spending.
Could have given everyone in USA healthcare or tuition free college but yeah, let's get some more bombs. Woo Hoo!
@SenJohnMcCain @LisaForSenate  @lisamurkowski  @SenatorCollins
You saved the lives of SENIORS once before. VOTE NO !! Save the ACA
Shez on the fence this time and trying to drill in Alaska's pristine forrests! Blast her phones 202-224-6665 please call and share her number! WE HAVE TO STOP HER!
Yet Americans cannot get health care from the Gov.  Time to Join the Sanders plan.
Way past due! Now a new and effective monitoring to see that $11,000 toilet seats and other stupid spending does not occur. Doubtful DOD can
Why not take just a teeny weeny part of that money you want to spend on death and bombs and rebuild Puerto Rico & the Virgin Islands?
Doubtful that Congress will apply appropriate oversight.
U r playing with r lives AND r money. We pay for ur HC, all MOC as well. Give us a bi-partisan HC bill, that covers all of us, cradle2grave.
Really? Ever heard of efficiency?
Pls remember soldiers will  need great healthcare when they are discharged from Service. This healthcare bill will not SERVICE our warriors!
We have a huge military. Why do we need to spend more? Is trump planning to go to war with North Korea? This is a waste of money.
People joke about "free health care" or "free college" but no one ever criticizes out-of-control defense spending as "free bombs." Why?
Didn't they give $100 billion to Iran in cash. Why 300 million less for all the militay armed forces. I don't get it.
Your votes are meaningless unless you repeal Obamacare.
Can u also back repealing Ocare that has devastated millions of families?  U know.. what u ran on.
The Senate backs massive increase in military spending, but are trying to rip away medical coverage from vets who rely on Medicaid. Vote 
GC bill must not pass, u r condemning millions to death. R u a patriot or a serial killer?
vote for massive amounts of people to not die or go broke from TrumpCare. Do the Right thing again or be remembered as a hypocrite.
I'd feel better if I knew they would get the medical care they will need when they come home on a stretcher.
Where's the money for the those who served and not the defense contractors?  Retirees pay raises constantly by law below rate of inflation.
Yes Senator, but at whose expense? American Health care, this bill is the most destructive thing promoted by our party. 
2018  party.
Senate should also support health care!!
You're proud of giving military huge amt of$but are considering hurting millions by supporting Graham-Cassidy bill?HOW CAN YOU BE SO CRUEL?
What a f*cking waste of money.. Put that money into HC, education, infrastructure, & anything useful to the people..
Bipartisan support Senator McCain. Now...Practice what you preach. Bipartisan health care negotiations..
More #borrowAndSpend
Like over 50% of U.S. Spending going to DOD isn't enough. #EndlessWar
Thankyou Senator You are my hero!@realDonaldTrump too!
Thanks to the President for requesting it. We have needed it for a long time.
Retire
Graham-Cassidy would mean a death sentence or bankruptcy for many.
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
@brianschatz Federal Single Payer #TriCare is Fantastic! But Congress & Media Why? Because #NonProfit
Thank you POTUS and also thank you for bringing jobs back to Az. I now have a good paying job. quit my 2nd job.
Why?
It's that thing Eisenhower warned us about. The military industrial complex.

Because what deficit? Only matters if you give children healthcare.
Now please repeat that brace and amazing thumbs down move. Regular order must be brought back to governing
Can we have some $ for healthcare?  Remember what a pre-existing condition was....it's coming back thanks to @GOP
Pleaee reach out to all of your colleagues Senator McCain- we need a "sane" balanced budget.  That may not be compatible w/tax cuts.
You won't spend money to guarantee insurance for the most vulnerable in this country. You are about to be judged by your God.
Yet we can't afford healthcare, retirement, living wage, safe infrastructure, or adequate education. #Priorities.
And with that more government waste
So the plan is 2 pay 4 it w/Americans healthcare? Very @GOP like 2 arm up 2 inflict death & destruction abroad citizens get sick & die broke
All the military supply lobbyists are dancing in the halls of Congress. They're bribes have paid off.
$700 billions will add to US debt. How long can it stand. NK at least has no public debt.
Please tell me this was not done so that you in return would vote for their atrocious health care bill??
And we still have no direction in our wars, while the President is trying to start new ones...  Reichstag did the same in Nazi Germany
Warmongering bullshit is all it really is. Our values as a nation are essentially based on war and profit.
Just make sure you've got plenty of troops in the baltics please.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Let's back peoples health now
Was this necessary?  I saw a graph where defense spending is now 54% of our national budget!!!  What about education, healthcare, etc.??
WILE TRYING THEIR VERY BEST TO STEAL THEIR HEALTH CARE AWAY.   WHAT?
Because we need to spend more than the rest of the world combined? You conservatives are pure shit at prioritizing our country's needs.
Now you got what you wanted, We the American people want to live  GOP healthcare will kill millions.  Stand again for us!!
Um didn't Trump say he was going to do that? Jumping on the band wagon? Or looking for credit?
Ask yourself if Dan Akroyd or Temple Grandin are "drains on society." They're autistic. If they aren't, neither's my autistic! Vote NO
Great, Sir, but what about the health care bill? 1000s of Special Needs children would lose integrative therapeutic services &meds. Vote NO!
#nomorewar
Spending all our money on war and screwing us out of healthcare? Can't WAIT for 2018, I am so done with the GOP.
Where is all that money going? Do we even know?
This is a loss for all Americans not employed by the military industry.  Struggling Americans can use real help. #TheForgotten
Stop military spending already! We need Universal Healthcare! Infrastructure! Job creation! Tax the rich! Quality education! Solar energy!
Please Senator:
Great! Cassidy-Graham is being pushed thru to kill us so the the money can be dumped into out fitting cannon fodder.
Medicare for all! Crooked lobbyists special interests and big pharma have fleeced us enough. Drain the sewer! @POTUS @nytimes @billmaher
You are increasing spending for the military on the backs of millions of Americans who must give up their healthcare. Should've asked first.
We'll need it. #rocket man
Hurricane Harvey and Irma destroyed people lives, now the Republicans are trying to do the same.Can 2 or 3 Republicans have
A heart?




How about increase money to build a better healthcare system and save the one we have the ACA
So we can have more wars bankrupt the country! Then the Republicans make money off of military supply stocks?
I hope any of the Republicans have a soul, because I don't hate yall, but the rich will be in bunkers watching everyone die, in WW3
Save the ACA;Save the ACA;Save the ACA; Women with breast cancer will die without the ACA.Vets will die without the ACA.
Senator a vote on new health care bill before CBO analysis would be hypocritical of you based on your last speeches on Senate floor.
Pls sir, I love Lindsey too, but he's gonna hurt my kids. The 1 tht volunteered to work his campaign in '15 just reregistered as Dem in FL
She lost medicaid by moving there. PreACA had frantic yrs of ins declines to preexist. Paid cash PLUS tax fine for going there to work til..
Aft weekly harassment of 39hr/wk employer >yr finally stop call her PT so she cld get ins
Gov.Scott CAN'T be trusted
(McMullin off ballot)
normally I more federalist
But NOT for healthcare, marriage
Moving 4job sldnt destroy LIFE
This affects all Amers
Majority against
REG ORDER
Senator will you vote for the #GrahamCassidy bill with out a CBO score?
Vote NO #GrahamCassidyNO
Sure seems much easier than healthcare. Now focus on the needs of the taxpayers John. Start with Arizona health premium reductions. Help U.S
Our hc is even more important. Please vote NO on G-C bill, this bill is worse, more harmful than previous one you voted down. Please. 
Senator McCain, please vote no on the #GrahamCassidy Bill.  It will be catastrophic for the people of this country.
What is the point in increasing military spending when we have a traitor at the helm who may use the military against us?
And a massive tax cuts for those who do not need it by way of Graham-Cassidy. Would you @SenJohnMcCain be willing to have this plan?
At a time when operations are way down. How much pork?
And how do you plan to vote on #Trumpcare, Sen. McCain? Current plan is just as bad, if not more so, than you went  on last time!
Please vote NO again on health care. Lets get going on roads/tax. This is waiting time in Congress. Senate take charge

RED ALERT: Trumpcare is not dead. 
$700 BILLION FOR MILITARY YES. PLEASE I BEG YOU VOTE "NO" ON HEALTHCARE BILL. BE OUR HERO AGAIN. THANK YOU for your service to America.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 

Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
If you care for military, vets, your constituents, please block the Healthcare Bill. You and I share a similar pre-existing condition.
Why aren't you talking about healthcare?  That's what on the table right now / but nothing from you about it
Feels like the ghost of McNamara is walking the halls of the Pentagon.
Vote no on that terrible health bill! Protect all Americans!
Take away healthcare. Waste more defense spending. Great idea. Maverick my ass
If you vote to take away millions of Americans' healthcare, your legacy will be death and suffering of your countrymen. Do the right thing!
1/6th of our economy, millions of people losing coverage (including vets) deserves more than 2 min. debate. You believe this. Vote no.
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/910165170101669888 …
5X Draft Dodger Moral
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot
#GRABHERBYTHEPUSSY @POTUS
#RUSSIA MUELLER TIME
BENEFITS=ENTITLED
#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare is a major threat to vets health care. Tell the Senate to #ProtectOurCare & #KillTheBill https://www.trumpcareten.org/ 
https://twitter.com/politico/status/910178435007500288 …
The Goal Of Republican Racist Bigots
To Polish 
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot
#GRABHERBYTHEPUSSY @POTUS
#RUSSIA
“This is the worst relationship I’ve seen,” said one reporter about the tensions between the Pentagon and the press http://politi.co/2fhr7IL  
Please be the people's champ again and vote no.we know he's your buddy but we can't afford the cancer care you have.We will die. #Trumpcare
What about healthcare?
Will this be used for trumps New "military parades" aka fascists  goosestepping down own cities? #MilitaryParade
And this is good?  At the rate we are going with healthcare, that money will be needed for a robot army.
Please vote to stop Obamacare.  It is bankrupting US. And continuing OC FAIL leads to Socialist Single payer system = Enslaving US
I am all about a strong military Please tell me how can we spnd what we spnd and the Russians match us technically, wth such a low budget?
Senator McCain please vote against the Graham-Cassidy-Heller plan!  Please.  @LindseyGrahamSC shameful.
My mother lives in Gilbert and if she's up to it, will be calling you later. She has rheumatoid arthritis. DO NOT REPEAL THE ACA!
Some of the children this bill would kick out of healthcare coverage are the children of dead sailors from the USS McCain. Let that sink in
This is a mistake. Our military budget is huge while education and healthcare suffer.
Things that make lucifer happy:
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
But don't care about Americans and soldiers who will die without quality health care? Doesn't make sense Sir? You of all ppl should see that
We backed military spending so please help us save our health insurance, John. Do the right thing. This GOP greed has to stop.
Healthcare or Education--too much money! Reduce waste! Military (which spends more $ than next 7 countries combined) --increase budget!! 
Is their priority is military over healthcare?Americans will suffer,die bc they don't have access 2 quality affordable hc.Doesn't make sense
That's nice. Good to know while I'm dying of a pre-existing condition. As usual, your last vote was grandstanding. Biggest hypocrite in DC.
Probably a good idea with the bellicose threats that our twitinchief is sending
And, please - get off your ass and vote against the dangerous #GrahamCassidyBill and talk to others. Our WH Admin is killing us.
Call your Senator & him 202-224-3121 Tell them to #VoteNo the #GrahamCassidyBill. It only takes 1 minute. (enjoying your bluntness)
I think it's funny we will kill each other before we reach for the stars, more #NASA less #MilitaryIndustrialComplex
So now they can save us all from Trump's subversive collusion??
How sad is this.   It's not that GOP can't get bipartisan support on health care.  It's that they actively don't want it. #noGrahamCassidy
Because there's always enough money for guns but not for healthcare.
Because is easier to kill people that bring them back to health. Agree.
While throwing millions, including vets, off healthcare. Sounds like a plan.
I hope he does right by Americans again. Please McCain vote NO on this G-C hc bill bc it's worse than previous one you voted down.
Which I hope will include a serious and in-depth study of the poor training. Responsibility goes up the Chain. Otherwise...
Hopefully the next headline isn't "Senate backs dropping health insurance for millions of veterans, kids, and other US citizens"
This is immoral. That you don't understand that is depressing. What will it take to give you compassion. You just push fear.
but no money for health insurance or paying the ins companies who already committed to ACA?
ACA is a scam! There is only 12 million enrolled most of those are native Americans who get health care regardless of Obama care!
If the senate backs removing coverage for millions will you brag about that, too? Cancer patients, sick kids, the most vulnerable?
You back massive increase in military spending, but are considering massive cuts in healthcare? We need you again to be the brave one, sir.
No.  We spend too much on military.  Not enough on social programs.
So let's let @POTUS have a military parade tanks and all for July 4 so we can look strong like North Korea. We are a regime not a democracy.

But will you be voting no on the new healthcare bill? Lives are at risk.
We are going to need it with our President juvenile words in front of the world and all while still campaigning preaching his virtues wow
Why?
I was going to ask the very same question!
Now back massive spending into the ACA. What good is defense if we are all dead? :)
Sir, I respectfully request that you don't kill the ACA and replace it with the trainwreck being proposed by the GOP.

