CLINTON URANIUM ONE
Before the recess, will the Senate confirm the nominees for Agriculture Secretary, Labor Secretary or US Ambassador to China?
Is it true you asked Russia for campaign money.
what do we as Americans need to do to get this insane useless man out of office immediately? He's so dangerous.
Why aren't you more vocal regarding the Trump administration's Russia investigation? What are your thoughts?
Don't use Facebook.  Violates user host privacy and security.
No thanks you bore me
How does your vote to allow ISP's to access and sell our information in your constituents best interests?
GO AWAY
Where's the tape of you kissing the VC's asses and criticized the GIs so they added you on the list of POW exchange? You're a coward traitor
You must be afraid to go live.
why won't you vote a decent health plan?  Like the one senator from Kentucky proposed?
CHICKEN 2: Fear Of Constituents @SenJohnMcCain @facebook
when are you calling for an independent counsel to investigate Russian interference in our presidential election?
All you senators accept bribes! Term limits for all of you
if you don't talk it would be the best town hall ever.#veterans for McCain recall
Sorry, Senator. Facebook Live is NOT the same thing as a true LIVE town hall.
when will Trump Russia have an independent prosecutor
You live in Sedona a place of natural beauty? Would you vote to allow fracking there? Y the silence on EPA attacks?
What is taking so long to save America from Russia? Abolish electoral college. Give Clinton the WH. Popular Vote.
Looking forward to this.
Fake propaganda promoted by fake senator.
PODESTAS RUSSIAN TIES
Stop the football game and let's save America no matter if it is a Democrat. Clinton WON.   IMPEACH TRUMP.
#RESIGN
DNC servers investigated by Clinton Campaign.Turn them over.
Can we look at other countries for health care ideas and take profit out?Please talk to actual consumers for ideas.
What will you do about Nunes? He is not acting as an impartial investigator of possible Russian connections
Would you introduce a bill that starting in 2020 all presidential nominee's must submit 10 years of tax returns?
When will u retire THIS year
please do this country a huge favor and retire!
What is this crap about making my internet info available for sale? NO WAY! Invasion of privacy. Not my info!
If you really love America, lead the fight to get rid of 45.
running as a democrat next election? 4th from bottom in your Annapolis class. Lucky daddy was an admiral huh?
how deep is the corruption we are facing with this admin's connection w Russia?
What will it take to get reps & dems to work together for the good of the country? How to deal with Russiagate?
directly exposed as a child to #AgentOrange  and probably purple as well not to mention the insecticides.
Thank you for your leadership and standing up for truth!
What is your line in the sand on the issue of dismantling the EPA? At what point do you say stop?
dad was transferred from Cherry Point to Udorn he took us with him that would be nothing like the contractors.
why are you not asking for nunez to be remove from the investigation? Why are we letting the russians take control?
@SenateRPC @facebook why are men's vasectomies and Viagra meds covered under insurance but not women's birth control?
45 has proposed cuts to research in sciences, climate & medicine. Do you agree all are important to keep US great?
why isn't the house GOP concerned about the Russia issue POTUS? They seem willing to let it drop? Concerned
explain funds u took from Soros, Rothschild, letter to Russia for campaign funds, ur backing of globalization.
Devin Nunes? What kind of investigation is that? Switching cars at midnite? WHY CAN'T WE HAVE INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATOR?
Since I like you off the record - why did you protect that horrible Pete Sessions for involvement  with Abranoff?
Please save us from Donald Trump!  You are our only hope!  We love you, Maverick!
Thank you for calling on Nunes to recuse himself. The investigation into Russian meddling must be done properly!
Why not face to face?
why are the Republicans (Nunes) obstructing the Russian investigation?  #important
are your fellow Rs as concerned about Russia as you are? What can be done to stop this takeover of our democracy?
What are you going to do about Trump's latest EO gutting environmental protection?
#trumprussia
Would you please consider retiring early. Like maybe next week?????
What are you currently working on that you'd like your constituents to know?
There hasn't been one piece of productive legislation come out of WH. Are you concerned about this?
I'm concerned the US is losing out on trade opportunities due to WH. We seem to be losing huge ground. Thoughts?
That one should have been a slam dunk big NO? How does this action make us safer? 3/3
...How is this move going to help safeguard our privacy? What on Earth was #Gop thinking? 2/
Will you stand up Trump and his ridiculous wall? He wants to cut med research, but is ok with $ spent on his trips
In light of Russian hacking, it was irresponsible of #Gop to approve ISP selling our private info. 1/
I'm very concerned abt direction this Admin is taking our country. Will you be representing US in Tillerson's place
An investigation needs to be launched into your activities with foreign powers! There is no there w/Russia & Trump
when will U widen our interstate from Phoenix to Flagstaff & Phoenix to LA. What a weekend mess! But U fly over it
The Geneva Convention requires us to take in refugees, what are you doing to help get these people here?
F the Geneva convention
when will you do some about the VA in Phoenix that has failed vets
When are you going to start impeachment against Trump before he ruins the country and the world?
can you ask @DevinNunes what kind of  r in his new Russian ? Also could u ask @SecPriceMD for a good stock tip?
McCain is a senile (new world order) old man who needs to resign before he causes further death, harm & disruption.
I am deeply concerned that WH refuses to condemn Putin. What is the plan to tighten Sanctions on Russia?
Is there not a policy on Pres vacay allowance? It's so obvious that he's enriching his businesses at our expense
...Doing to insure Trump is removed as quickly as possible? 2/2
All I am seeing out of this President is destruction &Chaos. The job of Pres is to help all people. What are you 1/
ACA saved my life. I can't get ins elsewhere. Too many people like me depend on ACA Why not fix instead of destroy
When will Nunes be removd and an independent inquiry be created re: Russia? It's time for both answers and actions.
@lc_indivisible @facebook PLEASE EXPLAIN HOW YOU ARE GOING TO HELP GET TO A SPECIAL INVESTIGATION / PROSECUTOR.
I'd like to see you help fix the obvious pitfalls of ACA not destroy. I'm small bus owner w pre-existing, 1/
If we are not serious about reducing our footprint there will be no future us or AZ bus Name 1 co thats been harmed
I was disappointed yesterday seeing your tweet that you were happy re EO on Enviro AZ Cos are &were adapting 1/
....Is very worrisome. The people of Syria have suffered enough w/o US adding to their demise. What will you do? 2/
Why are we not getting an independent counsel to look into the Russian ties. Much more serious than anything Hillary did
I am deeply concerned about US bombings of civilians in Syria&Iraq. This carpet bombing mentality coming from WH 1/
why aren't any of the Republican standing up for ethical violations President Trump is doing by hiring his family
What VPN do you recommend for your constituents after voting to decimate our online privacy?
Who will you protect first, President, Devin Nunes or the citizens of this country? And why?
you fought valiantly for this Country, will you fight valiantly for our World against EPA rollbacks?
Americans respect your military service regardless of party can we respect you upholding emolument clause?
John McCain always fought for Americans. Do you feel like you're protecting this POTUS instead of calling him out?
why are you not speaking out against all this wasted taxpayer money used for Trump family in NY et al.
What R u gonna do to stop Trump's harmful reversal of greenhouse gas limits? Do U support planet destruction?
when will emolument clause be investigated against this President?
when will special counsel be appointed in Russian probe? Nunes CAN'T do this investigation.
Will U support a stop to all Trump appts/agenda until the #TrumpRussia investigation is concluded by INDEPENDENT?
what is it going to take to get a non-partisan #trumprussia investigation? What can citizens do to help apply pressure?
I'm a dem who appreciates your integrity. Please tell us the truth re: why Nunes et al trying to halt Intel. Comm.
do you support an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia? If yes, what will you do to make it happen?
Independent investigation into Russia,
what is your plan to protect us from the buffoon in the WH?
Independent investigation  Nunes recusal   #Trumprussia
why support EPA gut?
Pre-screened questions over internet w/o human contact is not a Town Hall, it's a press release #coward #Communism
When will Trump & Co. be impeached?  Global warming/Climate chg is real, so why do politicians ignore FACTS? Trump kids should not be in WH
As an ex officio member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, are you able to attend meetings? If so can you report on the status?
The Democratic Party is an organization of liars, traitors, and terrorists. Rinos are no different.
Where is the investigation into democrats at Berkley usinNazi tactics against Jewish speakers?
What r u doing to create #IndependentCommission to #investigatetrumprussia other than speaking to media?
Sir, when will enough be enough, and #GOP cuts losses with this president? They bear culpability to situation. ty
all you republicans need to get on board and do what we sent you to Washington to do.
POTUS shouldn't be allowed to pick Scotus in 1st year of presidency esp because he's under investigation.
Going nuclear for Scotus pick will bring greater divide. Remember GOP refused to consider Garland.
I'm going to be there to bug you about Tax Returns. #NeverGivingUp You're our only hope left. 
Can you retire soon?
Senator McCain, will the Senate cut through the  mess surrounding the Russia issues and the Trump campaign?
what is status on revealing the leaker(s)?? This should be expedited!!
Ivanka needs to have a title and follow ethics! Agree?
Senator, can we get Trump to pay for NY security & golf trips? Not fair that we're paying for all this.
Please be honest. You put party and money over country, which is sad. POTUS, Senate,House are going to destroy us.

CIA spying, internet privacy, never ending war, homelessness..Onerous taxes, govt overreach and oppression..etc
Can you herd all the disparate elements in the repub. party to reach a consensus & move a positive agenda forward?
when is the GOP going to do something about Trump/Russian, Kushner/Russian, Manafort/Russian/Trump connection!
Liar!! you lost respect from the people!! Go to the woods with Hillary!!!
Can you and your colleagues remember that you work for us and not big corporations or Trump? Country over party!
Why you and your Govment watching the atrocities in #DRC but not acting? Millions are killed @McCainInstitute
If you had not chosen Sara Palin, you would have become pres. Most independents went for Obama not Palin.
And?
Is the Trump Administration a true reflection of The Republican Party? @GOP How involved are the Russians in this democratic process?
Mr. MacCain , please comment on SIV new visas , which are waiting for congress approval , when it will approve?
@annekirch  @TeamCornyn @tedcruz @RepRWilliams At least he's trying, the Texas Reps are too chicken for Town Halls. 
He is and he is also willing to speak out on behalf of our country.
@SpeakerRyan @TeamCornyn @tedcruz @RepRWilliams McCain is a real statesman. We need to elect more like him !
Will you call for #IndependentCommission for #Trumprussia? Will you stand up and protect democracy again?
When will republicans stand up to Trump and his alternate reality?Eventually, we may need to believe him if crisis
you need to take this fool down before he implodes the country. Do what's right not what's republican!
will you ever acknowledge the damage  of the secret war in Laos and help the casualties of #AgentOrange ?
swampmonster feel bad that ISIS has TOWs rounded up in Syria to use against Marines that you and Clinton sent there
Remove all illegals and replace our failing medical
Why would you support a President who dismisses your own military service and denigrates the service of all POWs?
You have been gutsy about Trump & Russia. Who else in the GOP will resist obfuscation & choose country over party?
Why is the division so immense between parties45 is the hammer on the wedge already there. How can we change that?
Why should Congress continue to push Trumps agenda with this Russia cloud hanging over the White House?
Good Wednesday Moenig, Sen.John McCain
Is the Senate going to investigate the Trump-Russia connection?
more leaks from you?
IMPEACH
This has to go beyond impeachment now, but it would be a good start.
Why does the @GOP appear to be obstructing the investigations into the Trump-Russia connection?
1. Do you believe climate change is real and exacerbated by human activities?
2. Do you want your grandchildren to be able to breathe, swim, eat, observe the natural world?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PROMISED SENATE BILL TO STRENGTHEN SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA?  Please follow through, Senator.
Don't forget to remind constituents that your praise for Trump's gutting Climate protection will be fouled AR air-Where did Grand Canyon go?
Tell us that you are retiring!
ty I will be there
When will you request Nunes to step aside; why is the environment not a top priority; and stand up to trump
What are you doing to get the truth about the Trump-Russia connections?
is there anything in the works to combat fake news (not Trumps kind) but the sort that 60 minutes covered?
also, when will you be issuing a statement about Nunes and asking him to stand down?
why  iNunes given so much facetime &why isn't he gone? R we being hyjacked by a thug & his drones
when will be seeing an ind investigation into the Trump teams collision with the Russians?
when is the independent investigation going to start?
Go away,.
My question is: Will you be asking for an independent investigation of Russiagate?
Facebook is fake news. It's dead to me.
Where is your line in the sand for trump? Nunes must recuse, why hasn't Sally Yates been heard??? #Trumprussia
