when are you finally coming out of the closet and admitting youre a democrat?
My kid was in uniform. Tax reform. Better healthcare-more freedom of choice in insurance. Debt reduction. Immigration control. Do something.
Please do not sabotage Mr Trump's agenda. We need a tax reform plan pronto!!
Your only agenda is to undermine the POTUS NO MATTER WHAT!  You can't see past the green monster to work for solutions that matter to all!
You don't care about our military. You never had. Proof was you killing 134 sailors and walking away
I would, Senator, if I thought you'd have something trustworthy to say. #RepealObamaCare
It's disgusting to think that lying criminal trash like John McCain is allowed to speak on the Senate floor
He's had his time in politics. Time to hand it over to new ideas, new way of getting things accomplished.
Vote NO  and set down we have heard your lies before
We stopped listening to you after you back stabbed us on obamacare. It is hard to listen to a liar.
Go to bed
http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ … Why don't you focus on stuff like this and RETIREMENT? Go Home! #Songbird
Hey dummy, there's a report your brain is n/b on I-95. Just in case you're beginning to miss it. RETIRE Brutus
Does that includes the TRANSGENDER PATRIOTS?
Mykid's militarylife screwed 3-4months lasttime GOPshut down gov. Oldjob&housing thru. New duty station&home set across country.No$ to move.
also please tell all how you helped fund ISIS and meddled in the Ukraine.
YES!
Trump handing 100's billions of ill-gotten funds to Putin, that we have endeavored to keep away from him. This order undos that effort. HELP
. Traitor john, please drop dead soon.
How bout changing your ACA vote like you promised and won re-election with??
Have a good one
You had 7 years, 7 YEARS to repeal obamacare, you promised, you lied to us. Disgusting. I don't care what you say ever again.
Can't bear tp
Please retire.
All the democrats are behind you. You might consider changing parties.
@TheDemocrats @VicenteFoxQue @GOP WHEN WILL THE GOP STAND UP TO A RACIST HOMOPHOBIC PRESIDENT WAIT DICTATOR
RINO
Dear John,
Welcome back. Please, show fellow GOPer's how to support the Dem's Dream Act. Your party needs guidance.
Thanks for your service.
Great to see you're healthy enough to continue working!
@TeamCavuto gasparino once agsin opinion way off base out of line. No what mskes his opinion worth looking at. Also he is not a mind reader
If he is paid to trash President guess he csn spout all he wants. He also is not a qualified person to analyze our president.  A true ass.
He thinks schumer is smart says much about himself. Just a fox contributor who is a cockroach.
Why not talk about Ocare exemption and it's affect on regular Americans
if you went home that would be great..we were doing good without you
You gonna announce your retirement? It would be very good for you & this country...you once seem to have loved?
What happened to health care?
Stand up for the men and women who serve all Americans
When you get to the senate floor can you please answer the simple question who gave you the nine million

Please retire.
Trump,greatest President of all times.
You don't know anything about that
Still working hard on healthcare for Az. LOL
Agree we should return to regular order and stop issuing CRs as soon as we can. But with Harvey, Irma and NK now is not the time to stall.
Flip flopping ass kissing Trump brown noser.
just go away....................
No, I don't think you speak for the majority.
Retire old man. You're done.
Including all those non-citizens and DACAs who serve in our military?
SENATOR I HOPE YOUR TREATMENT WENT WELL !YOU ARE ONE IN BILLIONS TOO PRECIOUS FOR GOD TO LOSE!
Discuss removing Trumps Regime! !! His family has plenty of houses They don't need  our White House too!!
Please don't let the @GOP take away health care from millions of Americans. Stop the GOP lies and greed, John. It's destroying Republicans.

McCain also had the audacity to ASK RUSSIA FOR A CAMPAIGN DONATION http://conservativefiringline.com/senator-mccain-asked-russia-political-donations/ …
Good luck John. please make us proud.
Stay strong Senator
Go get 'em, Senator!
1 Timothy 2:5
For there is one #God and one Mediator between #God and #men, the Man #ChristJesus,
Ephesians 2:4-5
But #God, who is rich in #mercy, because of His great #love with which He #loved us, even when we were #dead [1/2]
in #trespasses, made us alive together with #Christ (by #grace you have been saved), [2/2]
