Mccain needs to be in Arizona working for the vets....not working in Germany. Please call Mitch
Forget it.   Trump could cut their travel budget to stop all of their globe trotting.  Might work.
very good idea!!!
Doubtful. Montenegro does not have undisputed status.
what is undisputed status? Tnx
Serbia disputes the independence of the former republics. Accession to NATO could draw us into an undesirable conflict.
Serbia disputes the ind. of  Kosovo only.  They officially support MNE road to NATO. I thought that Russia is issue here
Perhaps I am wrong. I will refresh my Balkan currently the events info.
Serbia officially does not prevent MNE to NATO. It is US-Russia deal only.
You're fired.  Mr. Leaks
You are a Traitor to Country + shill for Liberals Dems. Attacking POTUS is attack on USA. Resign immediately!
Right...that was real genius.  Go to Germany and trash our president and country...sound familiar?
@Willie_American @MunSecConf   America is at great risk because of Trump. He is UNFIT! The world is laughing at us!
The world is not laughing.  The world thinks our Congress is nuts.
Why don't you do that kind of work here back in America!  You need to stand up for what is right John!
The globe trotter needs an excuse to not fix the health care and tax mess.
I once held u high, but now i cant stand u, You Sir are an enemy to the people
, You have always been a turncoat to me! Feigning to be a Republican but in reality a libby leftist leaning Democrat! 
#realDonaldTrump #FoxNews You're not the SOS or Pres not the lane you belong in,If NATo/you think US then pay us
mccain is a disgusting TRAITOR. Should retire cause he has obviously lost his mind
Now if you could just back POTUS and not fight on social media. You BOTH need to get it together for America!
huh? He has insulted McCain repeatedly. You're talking to the wrong person. Tell that to DT.
@DJTsavesAmerica Hes got ties to Soros & hates Trump.
Trump should put a freeze on all of this globe trotting these morons do.  We have a Sec of State.
what kind of f'ing soldier r u talking about my Pres. as u did for enemies to hear? Insubordinate. Ur punishment awaits @home
He did the same thing in Vietnam.  I know some of the people in that prison camp with McCain.
NEW WORLD ORDER CRONIE YOU ARE
You are in love with yourself as you have to be on TV, in pictures etc.
where were you when Obama whining about Fox News. #sad
Where was McCain when he approved Obamacare?  Oh that's right...he was voting for Obamacare.
you need to get behind our president 100%.
Here we go again...another fake twitter account.  The BOTS are all over this page.
great speech,we need our old Maverick back in Congress to form a coalition to stop the insanity.Represent us not the party!
Old is right.  Hope he votes for term limits.
Have u done enough damage or do u expect you can do more? You do not care about the people you are working for
Maybe it's time to start investigating McCain's investments, personal life etc.
Respectfully..but you've gone from a war hero..to a bitter old man. Your time has passed..you'll never be POTUS.
Ya know...you are not the Secretary of State or the President. Just an excuse to not do health care & tax reform.
Someone had better bring this deranged person back down to earth.Your not the president.Step down.
:God I am glad you and Mattis are trying to hold things together while Trump goes back on campaign trail. SCARED!
Slandering our President on foreign soil. TREASON !
You say don't give up but GOP takes no action since they're getting what they want at Americans' expense. Corrupt
McCain is no American hero, he's a typical corrupt politician. Time for him to go.
Hey there is a TRAITOR in charge I believe that is more pressing @ the moment GOP keeps pretending to be patriots
Maybe you should TAKE THE TIME to have a discussion with President Trump and clear the air instead of backstab
I know you are looking for revenge but please support your president
you are one of 100 senators.  Not the Presidident!  Support your president as he works for the people.
Your sanity & courage are water in a desert.  Thank you for defending America who needs you more than ever.
they say johnny if you want to get nothing done,have a meeting.stop meeting and do your job.
it is but you sir are not to be trusted you have a weak recent history of loyalty, some say treasonous
John needs to step aside. His time has passed. He is being more of a problem than a benefit. Let someone new in.
So how much is Soros paying you or have just lost your mind?
That's our SoS duty not yours, TRAITOR!
We will donate and campaign for rep rival in next primary to send you home,. Soros can't save you this time!
And freedom loving Americans from across country will turn out to ensure you never win reelection ever again
your jealousy and your dismissive attitude toward president will be remembered!    The nation is watching
Sen Mccain you clearly have sold out your party and honesty I wonder if you have not sold out your country
Country>Party. Sorry dude
Sen Mccain you are not the President and trying to look more important than the Pres by undercutting him is sad
You're a liar & traitor https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ … 
Did you talk down about America's POTUS?? What has happened to you??
whatever your meeting about I hope and pray that you all do what is RIGHT  in the heart.
Happy to see someone in Government working hard and staying on task.
YOU SIR...Should be ASHAMED! You are now as LOW AS JANE FONDA! HANOI JANE! You CREEP!
YAWNING...
ThankYou 4 your speech in Munich Please remain outspoken Now is when our country needs U most
your an angry jealous man.
How about stop pretending you're a Republican? @DebTarkon @MunSecConf
Patriots must realize that this senile Rino Senator from AZ is the best friend of Dems and Fake News Orgs!

You DO NOT go to foreign lands and criticize the POTUS! You bring your Dixie Chicks ASS back home if you have to criticize!
WE, THE MAJORITY OF VOTERS, DEMAND THE USA INDEPENDENTLY INVESTIGATE AND IMPEACH THE LEGITIMACY OF THE 2016 POTUS ELECTION
If you are recommending it, it must be a terrible idea! #DrainTheSwamp
At least somebody knows how to be diplomatic with foreign leaders
that would be our Secretary of State which McCain is not
After Trumps efforts, a 3 year old diplomat would be a better option
McCain needs to focus on Obamacare and tax reform and stop globe trotting.
God bless you President Trump
failed mafia state
Against will of 70% of citizens and without public referendum.
No, it isn't.  @SenJohnMcCain @MunSecConf
No it isn't!
Time is now 4 U 2 stop playing games & trashing the new admin. Get behind Trump & pass new policies 2 help us!
Please get Trump and Bannon out of office! They're Too Dangerous for US.
you couldn't care less about the people u represnt. Or maybe the special interest have there hooks in to deep ????
Why do you keep talking smack about our President ??? He is doing what he believes the people want. You make appear as though
is an #EnemyoftheAmericanPeople #Corrupt #Traitor @MunSecConf
Time: White House currently has no plans to endorse Montenegro’s membership...
you need to support the president rather than critsise.  We would have supported you.  Get on the train or walk.
Stop ur unnecessary POTUS bashing expecially in front of our allies. Shameful. R u part of no-trumpers?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/stephencrose.wordpress.com/2008/08/11/the-amy-silverman-file-mccain-in-arizona/amp/?client=safari …
try doing your job and stop trashing potus while overseas. Why don't you just switch parties?
Mccain has rode the clock for 30 years. Please call Mitch tell him its time we get work out of Mccain
Mccain wont listen to his ppl of Arizona. We must all call his boss to let him know he works for Arizona
Everyone please help the vets in Arizona. Call Majority leader @ 2022242541 tell him to get mccain home working
Mccain is playing to his base....democrats!
The news quotes you as saying the Trump admin is in disarray - why would you say that? That's divisive.
when you ran for president I voted for you.  Now I have lost all respect for you.
Me too!
Traitor
first destroy isis and alquaeda, and get out of middle east fiasco you created McCAin with Obama.
Well said American!!
when are you going to grow some?
threat is in asia not europe,how much european pay for us defense,how much they pay to defend south east asia?
Could you please stand up and stop the Trump madness? As a military man, you KNOW he is unfit to serve as President.
YOU are unfit and uninformed.
sorry,President is busy at a rally right now. Some other time maybe
@potus what 'type' of hero does it take to go out of country and crap on Potus Trump and USA? hero to zero john
People should embrace allies in accordance with our trust and confidence in their purest intentions.
please support our President
why are you such a traitor?Europe 18 trillion GDP usa 18 trillion GDP and it is usa tax payers support europe
Thank you for putting country over party.
Senator McCain you are only GOP member I still have faith in.
Yeah, McCain=traitor, soros puppet
do they have a dossier hit job you can acquire too? How about you start fighting for America and our people?
YOU NEED TO RETIRE!  Sorry I voted for you in 2008.
Now it's time to vote your conscience. You were part of the creation of this mess by not!
please not while Trump is President. We can do better.
save the American people! We stand with you.
Stand Up Mr. McCain. Your country needs you, and will back you.
Yeah
right... Lmao at you little girl... Grow up!
#trump needs 2 explain why #bannon on #nsc is a must 4 #trumppresidency & country.
