Thank you to #Arizona's courageous firefighters who have deployed to assist #California
Again, while I am not your biggest fan due to your voting history pre-repeal/replace.. Ty for saying what 45 won't.
I live in Sonoma County & so far the worst for my family has been the smoke. I cough & cough (don't smoke) so my Dr. ordered chest xrays :-(
also keep praying for Puerto Rico whose ppl r in danger evry minute on that Isl
Fake Republican..you don't care.
but the prez says no global warming  someone working for you should watch doc
2 degress on nat geo will scare the sh.t out of you  God Bless
yup. prayers will do it
You are what's good about this country. Much love and respect to you and your family.  A national treasure.  We love you and God is proud!
Thank you,  Senator McCain,  God Bless you
"Impacted" is really bad English, unless you're talking about an asteroid.  "Affected"  is the right word, John.
The president you helped get elected that's not mention one word about this
Thank you. We appreciate it.
Thanks for mentioning this.  But what about the statements POTUS made today re PR  Disgusting!! Call him on it now!
Sometimes the truth isn't pretty but it's also true
what do you mean by “truth “?

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
Don't forget Carol.
Retire you're useless
Thank U, Senator. No one else has acknowledged that the west coast (CA, OR) is on fire.  (And praying for you, sir.) Stay strong!
Hi John
I'm still praying for all the people mostly the elderly that you & your buddy Charles Keating bankrupted with failed Lincoln Savings & Loan
Thank you, Senator. And we are praying for you. Our Senate desperately needs more honest men of courage like yourself.
Praying your recovering and hoping you could continue to fight for Puerto Rico thank you for all you & done
Yes and we are praying for you and Cindy
We love you, stay healthy
Why don’t retire to Cali John better yet just retire you narcissist
Try praying for those your bankrupting with your NO VOTE!
We love you and your family John McCain.
Could be arson since California allows illegal foreign nationalists in the state. WE are at war with Islamic supremacists
Be well. Sorry you have such a heavy load rn.
Thx we need it
Awesome !
Praying for you Mr. McCain  <3
More thoughts and prayers, the victims will live off of those thoughts and prayera
Liar.
Class act!!!
John McCain your a class act my friend, my dad had the same as you and you are a real life living hero hope there are more John McCains left
@SenJohnMcCain you should pray for yourself, because the $7,740,521 you got from the NRA is blood money. Spilled @ all o these mass murders.
Those poor people. Donald Trump seems unconcerned. Guess his football fight is more important. He is busy undermining our health care!
Love you and all your life's work! Such horrific disasters hitting the USA & world...we must return God to our lives!
And if they are hurt? How will they pay medical bills,
How about everyone impacted by Trump Sabotaging the ACA?
Thank you!!! @SenJohnMcCain It is shocking that @hillaryclinton and @barackobama have no condolences. 31 have died and devastation continues
Thank you Senator for saying this.  Our potus can't but our neighboring Senator and war hero can.
Senator, I send prayers for you every day !
Give the illegals a hose and send them to fight the fires in the sanctuary state.
Best you let Turnip know there are fires, he's too busy trying to distract from sexual assault news
Thank you John McCain.

Thank you Mr. McCain! We were impacted by the Lobo fire in the Sierras.  It came within 3.5 miles of us. I had friends not so lucky...
See. Now that's what a president should say.
Thank you Senator McCain and we are praying for you
Executive order from @realDonaldTrump is going to piss off RINOturds like john, that makes me happy
Thank you for remembering my beautiful state. Our potus hasn't.
Thank you, Senator McCain. You are a lone voice in your party.
You kiss ass, you could care less
We pray for you as well.
Thank you Sen. McCain you are a Clarion Voice.
Those wildfires are false flags. Traitor McCain.
Making $10.50 hr! While u cost txpayers $250,000+ in 1 day 4 a publicity stunt. Awesome. Maybe if u prayed harder u cud stop the flames! ugh
God Bless you Senator McCain. Always looking out for others. Prayers to you and family
Thank you Sen. McCain. Too bad our Prez isn't aware of the "real world". He is too wrapped up in his own incompetence.  Need amendment 25.
Thank you.  If you see him, mention it to @realDonaldTrump, he seems to have forgotten about us.  Maybe because he didn’t have our votes?
 I cannot handle this year... #throwinginthetowel
And we are praying for you.
Too bad we don’t have a president these days!
Thank you, my brother was a firefighter for 33 years.  They are heroes like Marines
Thank you john
Thank you. The  dotard POTUS is too busy blaming Puerto Rico to address California.
All that Saudi, Soros, Clinton money being used for it?
Thank you for bring the attention to the people who lost their homes to wild fire in California while the leader of our country couldn’t.
Thanks John . Why so little attention on this awful situation ?!!!!
Thank you for your service and your willingness to be honest
Thank you, senator McCain. Cousin is a firefighter in Sebastopol. We appreciate your kind words and wish you the best in return.
Why don't you pray for your hatred of President Trump!
John and Cindy GO AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BLESS YOU BROTHER and Cindy
Why don't you donate some money to help these people out? Prayers are nice. Money is more helpful.
Thank you senator!
Why did Trump sign executive order to screw up ACA when so many Americans in the nation are dealing with devastation of climate disaster?
Praying for you to have good health. Thanks for all your hard work
I'm sure if given the opportunity to vote on some legislation that'd actually help, you'd make a big show of it, and then vote no.
You & Cindy sure do a lot of praying - I’m praying you finally retire
Thank you!
I have you n your family in my daily prayers! God is Great! 
Senator McCain likes to pray for everyone as long as he keeps getting money!
Thank you for taking the time to notice the trouble were in. God bless you both.
Thank you Senator McCain. God bless America.
Thank you Sen McCain!
AMERICAN HERO! God bless Senator McCain!
My Prayers are with all.
With tRump as president and his cast of incompetence maybe plz do a little more praying for our country and it's survival.
Presidential
Thank you for your compassion. Got any compassion left in your heart to #RepealObamaCare like you PROMISED?!? #Liar #McCainCare #Liberal
When you say it I believe you. When @realDonaldTrump talks about praying it makes me hurl. As if. #Impeach45 now, please.
I doubt that Senator. However it sounds like a good political thing to say.
Thank you, at least someone cares about CA.
We don't have enough resources! We need firefighters! Undermanned and exhausted.
Thank you for urging @realDonaldTrump to sign today's EXECUTIVE ORDER FOR #Obamacare RELIEF!!! AMERICANS ARE NOT TIRED OF WINNING!! #Maga
Sending strength to you!
I am too! But maybe we should add that republicans wake up and stop Trump,he is destroying our country! As they do nothing
But you are a devil worshipper

Some areas of Puerto Rico still haven’t received any aid in three weeks http://bit.ly/2g5lzxA 
Thank you.
Prayers for them.
Please now start praying for the ACA that your @POTUS just destroyed!!! And pray for PR since he thinks that they all should just die!
Your a phony
We are praying for you too Senator McCain
Can you stop faking like you care about people? If you did you would repealed obummer care. Lairs never prosper.
Why don’t you say a prayer for the United States sense you don’t plan on doing nothing about criminals in the White House
Praying? How about you pass climate change legislation instead of allowing #FakePOTUS to kill us all
Not Just For Wildfires  But For The Whole World
Nothing fails like prayer. Prayer leads to inaction. Do something.
You forgot to ask for more money for the military in this tweet.
And we are praying for you sir.  God bless. America needs you. 
Thank you.
Please get rid of DJT! He's cares not about climate change and natural disasters will increase w his tyranny!
Thank you 
We must do everything to help those ravaged by tragic wildfires so they can remain in their home state and rebuild. Get to it JM.
whats the dirt trump must have on you to make you his bitch? he insulted every single american pow ever and you let him get away with it.
I admire U even though I am indpnt voter. our attention needs to also B in PR. How can any 1 in DC sleep at night, including you?
God help them all. Devastating. Catastrophic. Heartbreaking. 
Senator, this administration is going off the rails intellectually and emotionally.  The GOP MUST DO SOMETHING
Agree
We are praying you retire.
Our prayers and thought are with california. God help them
"Thoughts and prayers for you, while I take ZERO action on Climate Change." Thanks John. 
 You're sweet.
Did u c @POTUS working to get us healthcare?   Something u promised to do. So thankful the president has our back!!!!
Thank you for mentioning us.
Thank you for thinking of CA from a momma of one who  was safely evacuated. #firefighters #CaliforniaFires 
#PrayersforCalifornia
John McCain. I'm a Canadian who finds you to be a very honourable man and a very thoughtful man.
Sir, Potus is unfit to run this country. Please help your people by removing him from office. NOW! He's going to kill us all.
PLEASE SIR!
Agree. Wack job.
And the healthcare EO

It will kill my whole family
Wanda...I am curious on how you think it will kill your whole family? EO was for small business to band together to lower premiums.
Where is your comment on @POTUS assault of first amendment
Thank you, Mr. President.
Yes and many killed and hundreds still missing and not one tweet from trump because its a blue state appalling #SPEAKUP
... but don't care enough to think on why we are in the midst of EVERY NATURAL DISASTER, AT THE SAME TIME, ON OR NEAR THE SAME CONTINENT???
Thank you, 5 family friends & 1 relative have lost evrrything burnt to the ground. It's sickening!
But you applaud the dismantling of the Clean Power Plan to help avoid future climate change related natural disasters.
John I pray 4 u/ur illness pains us all  
I wish u would withdraw from the senate b/c ur vote has been detrimental to progress 4 the people
I’m in San Francisco right now and the amount of smoke in the air is incredible. Praying for #california
.Do not forget that many of the people fighting fires are prisoners who volunteer for service and risk their lives w/o the same recognition.
....and we for you
It is frightening here in North Bay. Appreciate AZ help & ur leadership/kindness. PLEASE get "him" OUT of our lives. We have enuf stress!
Just copy & paste this, @realDonaldTrump. It's really that simple.
this is just horrible - why isnt @realDonaldTrump  giving this as much of his attention as with his fight with the NFL, MEDIA & PR attacks?
Glad to hear that. PLEASE SPEAK UP ABOUT PUERTO RICO. Trump's tweet this morning was DESPICABLE! Total lack of humanity. We're all so angry!
Thanks
Donald is praying that NBC and CNN will stop holding him accountable. #Priorities
Joining you, as the devastation is so overwhelming for the many affected.
Thank you sir, we appreciate your thoughts. You can do much to ease our minds by leadin the charge to do something abt the Dotard in Chief.
Fuck Off Mini Moron. We dont need your fake prayers. Do yoyrself a favor, come out if the closet, tell mother and your kids the truth & STFU
So caring--thank you John.
Now will you help get Moron out of the White House?!
Liar.
Your a veteran when r u going to stand up for the people when r u going to vote trump out of office 
Where do u Stand McCain
Once again, thoughts and prayers are not enough.  DO SOMETHING
Thank you for speaking out when our @POTUS is missing in action around #CaliforniaWildfires
Pray for Libya too and Syria
And what funds and help is going to California to help give relief to firefighters and help stop these fires , help rebuild
Ya.   Did Brown start these FIRES.   I mean really.   The most costly real estate in California.  Sounds like a pattern. Start and collect
Can you tell POTUS about it & ask to help the people affected there? Not sure he knows about it, just wants to bash Puerto Rico
He don't give2 f##;;
Thought U retired! Go away! Get well & don’t return.
You know what would help more than your useless prayers? Impeaching the piece of human garbage in the White House.
Thank you
Still no comment on Trump's assault on the First Amendment?
You are a good man. We need more people like you.
That praying is doing wonders for climate change...
Still crickets from the Madman in the WH
Please, can you also help with Puerto Rico?  People are dying.  Anything you can do.
Thank you for saying what President Trump has not...
Our First Responders are some of the lowest paid  —@nfl highest — where are our priorities?
Thank you, sir. Now stand up for the people; for what's right. Help us get this toxic charlatan out of the White House.
Please pray for Puerto Rico as well to be saved from the bully, @realDonaldTrump
No one cares
I pray daily for your good health Sir.
You can do a lot more than pray for the people dying in Puerto Rico right now
"Debt" does not not create 150 mph winds.  Nor does it tear up your roads or take away your water supply.
"Poor planning" is right. We knew the storm was coming for some time in advance, but no plans were made to respond to it (unlike FL and TX)
