I'll be interested in what the cause of the crash turns out to be. The Osprey has had problems before.
Thank you to Australian authorities who helped with recovery. Please make sure 45 knows they are our allies
Wish your president felt the same way.
I'm praying for any service member that serves under Trump  Everyone of them should get hazard pay
You mean the same POTUS who increasing the military budget? You've lost your mind Brother!
Increased the budget lol the budget is plenty now Brother this guy is only for this guy and his thin skill will probably kill many people
Thank @SenJohnMcCain apparently the fake potus is too busy golfing
Everytime pay hike for military brought up in senate, Johnny boy voted NO. WHAT DID HE DO FOR VETS N VA F**king nothing.  He gets best care
U call me a skank.  Hearing it over n over again it becomes part of your low level vocabulary. Take play doh, crayons to ur safe space.
Must be ur husbands pet name for u. Hero's do not seal their military records and accept Presidential pardon. Can't cover that
Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare.
It was WRONG & TOO SOON to call the search off. I don't understand! We, leave NO MAN BEHIND! We did just that & I'm angered w/who would!
Sad news for these brave Marines and their families.
Agreed! I'm still TERRIBLY angry about this! We LEAVE NO MAN BEHIND! I respect McCain, & I'm sure he understands this better than most!
When are you going to be arrested??
I'm thankful Trump is directing more funds toward the supply of equipment for our Armed services but I wish it could be done more quickly.
Shipmate..it's an extremely sad day when #POTUS won't acknowledge the Osprey accident. Or is he planning on blaming Obama??
Thank you for doing something the president should have done. You really need to get rid of Trump.
You stood by and let Hussein Obama deplete our military!!!  But you Traitors spend time stopping our president from governing.  Sickening!
I can't hit 'like' on this. My prayers are w/ those soldiers &, even more w/ their fams. Soldiers know the risks. Fams find out the hard way
Senator McCain I'm praying for the cancer in your body to be destroyed but I'm also praying they find your balls as they fix the cancer
One wonders if the Osprey design is inherently defective. I welcome hearing points of view for and against.
Man that thing plane/copter needs to be taken out of service its a death trap.
Traitor!
U changed when u ran for pres. B4 that u did what u knew was best. Whatever happened when u ran 4 pres caused change. I'm Glad 2 have u back
I understand as of now there's no hope of the last 3 Marine's alive. I said last night when the search was suspended it was WRONG, TOO SOON>
This plane needs to be outlawed for use by the U.S. Armed Forces, where it has been the cause of too many deaths over the years of its use.
Not enough training.  Obama depleted the military.
Thank you John. You have concern for the military unlike tRump who has not said a word about this. My thoughts are with the families
Thank you Senator for your kind and thoughtful words. So sorry for the loss of lives and the injured
If you run for office again make sure you run as a Democrat. You are obviously not a Republican. Better yet......retire!
Get rid of those junk piles.
Weak opportunistic old man. Don't u know you no longer have any creds.  Sad. Go quickly retire.
Trump doesn't care. He's golfing.
Praying for who?   Globalist agenda likes this.  "Tell It to the Marines"  You are not good enough to wipe their boots.
John, you pray?
Sounds sort of like what the President should have said. Yesterday.  Shame @realDonaldTrump
SENATOR I AM GOING TO THE 5pm MASS !YOU SIR WILL BE IN MY PRAYERS! I THINK AS LONG AS I SERVE GOD !GOD WILL ANSWER MY PRAYERS!
1/3 of aircraft are flight ready, thank you John McCain
SENATOR THESE FIRST RESPONDERS ARE AMAZING ,!IF IT WERE NOT SO ;LIVES WOULD BE LOST!
@darksecretplace Your equipment shouldn't try to kill you, bad enough enemy does. When are they gonna redesign? KISS! 10KPSI Hydraulics?

My thoughts and prayers are with our Military families.
God Bless the 3 still missing, and their families. My heart & prayers are with you
Way to feign empathy, John.
Perhaps you should show the same sentiment for victims of the VA. Please go away. #MAGA
God bless those Marines.
McCain saying sorry for the service men who died what a shame you did not feel that way when you voted to screw the AZ people
Not taking anything away from the tragic loss of troops but the pork barrel politics that got this deadly craft implemented needs to stop.
Thank you for this, Senator. Sad that the President who claims to be so pro-military cannot make the same gesture.
This aircraft needs to be rethought or retired.

Song bird
Thank you for your statement. As far as I can tell Trump has not mentioned this. He is an ungrateful thug.
Sorry all weren't found
Praying for the marines but not Cain he is a Traitor to America
I would rather see you working in Washington on health care and taxes instead of trying to win points in this very public forum.
Сократите численность вооруженных сил в 30 раз и в 30 раз будет меньше проблем и в США, и в мире. На данный момент США являются агрессором
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain for always caring about those who serve.
I am not even American, but they deserve respect from their nation.
Also Praying. McCain retires.
You really got the these Democrats bullshitted just like what you did to the Republican's please retire
Thank you for acknowledging our loss & the responders efforts. Bless their souls for their service. 
How many crashes is this now with how many lives lost with this Osprey?
CONTINUING POOR SAFETY RECORD
thank you. you are more valuable leading us quietly and calmly . thank you for your service. i remember back then. an army air corp brat.
For someone who betrayed the American people, you sure are active lately! We will vote you out! #corruptMcCain #sorosboughtMcCain
Thoughts go out to all effected by this tragedy.  
These tragedies know no party affiliations.  
American heroes serving our country 
От кого американцы защищают Австралию? Почему бы гражданам США не работать дома, не растить детей? Прекратите думать, что вы хозяева планеты
So sad to hear of this.
There appears to be a systemic safety failure going on.
You're a discrace.
CNN should be pulling up at anytime to give John some FAVORABLE COVERAGE because of this TWEET. JOHN LOVES HIS FAVORABLE COVERAGE
John is a LIAR to the people that ELECTED HIM
This is another GRAND STAND being brought to you by the D. C Swamp! This man does not care about AMERICANS. It would of killed him to lie
If he cared he wouldn't of broke his Campaign promises.  No-one care about you putting your amnesty klan together on immigration
Thank you, Senator. You've shown more class than @realDonaldTrump during this situation. He's too busy golfing. Healing thoughts to all.
AMEN to that
Amen, Senator. We're all with you on this.
Ditch that Osprey it is s dangerous aircraft
McCain you are a un-American slug who isn't a hero you sang like a bird and humiliated our troops Mr. Tokyo Rose!
I hope you are doing well Mr. McCain. We are all praying for you! You are an inspiration to continue to work hard for American troops .
Thank you for this recognition.  Prayers.
Thank God the Aussies can speak English @Acosta
Look at all these liberals showering McCain with love. Hilarious. #anywaythewindblows
Praying for them and for you! #MYHERO
That's great Songbird.
Thank you Mr. McCain.  More than we heard from the self-absorbed @POTUS
You mean kind of like your boy Obama when a cop got shot that was fine with you
Glad to see you recognize this Sir. Hope you are doing well with your treatments. Best wishes!
Thank you Senator for acknowledging this awful accident and loss of life to those that have served bravely.  Others should follow your exmpl
Relieved so many were rescued, but saddened at the loss. Hope this Sunday finds you feeling well Sen McCain.
How sad
Prayers going up from  N.C.
thank you senator for remembering these brave solders.while @realDonaldTrump tweets praises on himself he cant even respond in kind. thxs
Thank you wish @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS had the same class he is the commander in chief smh
Considering the last GOP bills paled in comparison to the ACA, he recognized this voting against the last. He is but a few against the tide.
Where in the new proposed bills were they better then the ACA?
GOP had the ability to make what was wrong with the ACA from day right but chose to be obstructionists. List the ways their plan is better

Gratitude from this NJ MARINE MOM for the safety of Marines rescued & my deepest sympathy to the loved ones of Marines lost. SEMPER FI 
Trumo tweeting abt vaca when we have 23 service members missing.
Impeach him and history will always remember who was the champion who started to process
.history will shine on u soldier/Senator
The Power of Prayer, having  strengthening Hope for the three still missing (Marines) service members as well; Sen.John McCain of ARIZONA.
Very  sad. I remember when the Osprey crashed in Marana killing 19 Marines. Isn't it time to retire the Osprey?
Didn’t read the article did you? Because if you did then you’d know they addressed safety of it in context of other aircraft.
retire
Ditto.  Take Care Senator McCain.  Prayers for you and others.
Not like Benghazi, huh? Your selective disgust? Why aren't you raising hell about those American Heroes being left to die unaided, you Hero.
America prays for this service members and their families. No statement from the so called commander in chief? Pathetic!
"We the people" pray for every military person deployed to AFGHANISTAN that was the sinkhole for RUSSIA'S 10 yrs. and now OUR 16 1/2 yrs..
Remember what happened to the USSR? Is America next to break up? California already wants out. Not the America WE SERVED during NAM, is it?
So sad for all the families.  RIP soldiers
...and not one word, tweet, or peep from our fearless.
Thanks for your response.
How bout grounding this Osprey and let MFG/Pentagon work out/troubleshoot engineering/kinks to engender a more #reliableproduct ?
It is too bad your President hasn't tweeted about these tragic deaths....shame
Thank you for your service, Senator, & recognizing this tragedy, unlike @realDonaldTrump who claims not to be on vacation
Retire pls!
No mere human words ti ease pain.  Can only pray 4 comfort that comes from Good Lord above.
Thank you senator McCain not unlike this homophobic president
Трамп - мужик!! Что сложно сказать о подавляющем большинстве населения Капитолийского холма

Prayers

Thanks for addressing this sad tragedy
