Thank you sir.
Ignore the trolls, bots, and haters. America loves u.
And still we have the issue of over half claiming PTSD at discharge.  And no one knows why or how it's affecting military readiness.
Mr Senator, are you supporting the Tax Reform Plan? Or you will sabotage as usual?
You can support our troops by repealing Obamacare so that they don't have to pay the $3,000/year fine when they get out.
Since when do you support our troops? 
Cut the bullshit. Liar.
How much more tax $ support does your Nazi troops in Ukraine need John? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNeH-vw7P4E&oref=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DWNeH-vw7P4E&has_verified=1 …
He has such a high self-serving way of making himself look relavent, but NO  one who is relavent cares, except for the 2 other stooges
This such a easy lift, why are you taking credit for something a brain dead person would agree with. Grow some _ and do something impressive
You do realize @SenJohnMcCain that you will be most remembered as a traitor to the @POTUS and the American people. You sir are a #Rino
You're a traitor songbird
Get lost mccain. You voted to keep obamacare. The noises that come out of your mouth or your ass, have the same value.
Please defeat Graham-Cassidy so that elderly, disabled, & kids continue 2 thrive on medicaid. Protect coverage 4 pre-x conditions. Save us.
Really are you using the VA services for your medicals why not
Wow McCain you did something amazing
Retire already. #RINO
endless wars for the satanic MIC.
John we proud you stayed there to do anything!
What troops are you talking about now John? ISIS or Ukraine Nazi troops?
With so much bullshit attached
@POTUS where were the missing 7 votes. Not representing constituents @FoxNews @BretBaier America needs to know who is not doing their job
Excellent
Thank you Sen. McCain for your tireless advocacy on this.  Well done!
Meanwhile back on Planet Sanity ....
Does ISIS need another supply line in North Syria now? Commanders need new mercs and weapons?
I'm so disappointed in you Senator...sorry, but you're putting personal revenge above the American people...SHAME ON YOU!
How could this not pass? How could the Senate ever think of not "giving our troops everything they need?  Sounds like Isis is in the Senate!
Are you kidding!?
I can help on the poverty thing; I'm working from big economics plans, though. Good enough for a start? https://www.facebook.com/electjohnmoser/videos/309514076184743/ …
@SenJohnMcCain  reading the comments I would suggest delete account and retire go home and spend time with your elder mother.
Retire Mcstain !
And that is the problem. Everytime you vote something else gets put in the bill=$$$$. Just get it done. RETIRE Brutus
Why not take congressional authority back to declare war? Or are you too cowardly?
Like the SUPPORT you gave us NOT REPEALING O CARE THANKS YOUR CARING ABOUT OUR HEALTH-CARE YOUR WITH DACA
That's great El McCaino. Maybe those drug runners can walk across the border and get you some cheap opioids since it's wide open.
No thanks to you - how many military COLA increases and pay raises have you voted against in your Senate career? I lost count...
hey how ya feeling about obamacare?
Allow me to repair a portion of your statement: "...so we can give the military industrial complex the support they need". You are welcome.
Well, Well, Well. U never know what side of the fence ur on John. This sounds good. Stay true 2urself & America. Now that's not asking much
America does not like liars John. Repeal and Replace yourself.
Being from Arizona i feel i need to apologize for our 2 rino senators. Can't wait to vote them out.
You got a great badge of honor today. Sociopathic Crooked Racist Donny the liar Trump called you out for standing up to him.
proud to hear u r getting closer 2 being charged with espionage regarding Dossier exchange between u n Comey Always were n will b a Traitor
How much is in it for you?
Thanks to Trump ~ as Trump campaigned on getting troops the support they need. 
#IStandWithTrump America's Choice 
Resign #RINO
Usa air strike
Why don't  you write  the Bill that repeals sequestration.  You give great speeches  but now start to write  to fix the mess  Obama  did.
       Syria#
President Trump has given our troops more support in 8mths than you have in several decades. You're a joke that isn't even humorous.
That's Awesome! Now how about you keep your word on repeal and replace Obamacare! You are a Trump Obstructionist
Think you were autocorrected there and meant Patriot
RINO
Dear John,
Is this how "they" secured your Health Care vote? 
Thanks for your service.
Resign.
