make it happen you are part of the do nothing Congress that allows the 9th circuit to exist.

then do something about it rather than blah blah blah follow trumps example of action
ARIZONA NEEDS TO REMOVE PAY FOR PLAY MCCAIN. CAUGHT LAUNDERING SAUDI ARABIA CONTRIBUTIONS THROUGH NONP
Do this and your all done!! Enjoy your so called political jobs and high living!
In other words, you want a court full of Trump appointees. No thanks.
uh, no it doesn't. you don't get to pay to play with your party alliances.
Why Cant Arizona vote you out!
Do your job. Represent all not just a few.  I don't want to leave the 9th..or leave AZ!
Break up the 9th Circuit, Make new laws to dismiss these judges! Term limits!
maybe you should realize the media is suppose to be unbiased to the news! Stop hurting all of us!
I'd prefer to read why AZ needs you and Flake to move out.  See you @ the next townhall! :)
Really? Is this a real problem- you guys just waste time for special interest

#Syria is kicking #ISIS ass while @SenJohnMcCain illegally enters Syria to help ISIS. WTH! https://aml.ink/vBWLR  via @thearabsource
how can u go on in politics? everyone knows what you've done.  How dare u talk about our President the way u have. Disgusting
hell no! 9th cir. Is the only saving grace to this backwards, politically whitewashed state.
we should get to that right after we clear up the rampant vote fraud issue you are so afraid of.
@azcmoney so u can do more illegal stuff and get away with it
Stop blocking everything President Trump does!
i voted for trump but john McCain is a national hero
Senator: we have the House, the Senate, the VP, please put country first and get rid of Trump. You can change our history.
John needs to move out of Pitics and retire! Closet Dem with sour grapes
Please work with President Trump and conservatives, for us. Shake & make up! Please!
I strongly disagree with this - the courts need to be left as is!
hey traitor, any comment on this article?
So dissapointed #NeverTrump McCain,Flake.They jeopordize Rep Party Adgenda.Arizona WAKEUP!!
ARIZONA IS A PRO TRUMP STATE AND SENATOR MCCAIN IS NOT REPRESENTING THE PEOPLE!
#AZ @arizona @McCainInstitute @MeghanMcCain @foxnews @SASCMajority
why doesn't congress abolish the 9th. They have the power to do it and reappoint good judges
Pls tell gov officials 2 STOP using our tax monies 2 fund Palestinian Authority kill/pay 
this means you support 45. All the rest is just talk?  All Cowards in the pocket of the rich!!!
LEAVE THE COURTS ALONE!
Dont tu to politicize the courts or take away their autonomy. The path to a Dictatorship.
Now you are talking! Good for you!

Verry true 
What's going on will AZ heath care I'm almost broke with Obama care sir.
that and you need to retire.
Conservatives no longer TRUST McCain or Flake.
You know Evil Putin is in charge. What will he do next to help Trump. Its Putins Chess Game
Don't wait for the shoes to fall. Knock them off of their feet, before its to late.
@timkaine No money for day care for military families but all kinds of money for Trump family trips!
what Trump family vacations are you referring to?  Note: BO $80mm+. Just sayin
Where are the churches in middle east being built?



We no longer trust the fake news.
We trust @POTUS .
Stop dividing our nation. 
This is a law that needs to be enforced.
how many of your fellow soldiers did you get killed by betraying them in Vietnam?
two words. Term Limits.
climate change/fake news/fake data/false theories/NOT 'science" which requires proof , not consensus.
John Dayl/Montini "fake news". Willie Horton scandal coverage/ "fake news". Trayvon Martin/ "fake news"
the only evidence against Geo Zimmerman was earsay speculation by a coached liar disproven by FACTS.
we didn't elect the press. they are unelected, accountable aristocracy of powerful liars. Trump truth to power.
do you agree with this?
If this is possible then this is one of the few actions done by You and Senator Flake I agree with.
No point in running for Presidency in 2020, you have committed political suicide
Your pandering leaves me on a roller coaster; 1 day support, 1 day oppose, repeat. Can't trust you, Sen.
why McCain needs to be removed from politics... that's a must read.
No,the Senatehas to stop confirming liberal judges.Crossing the aisle has led to this mess.
GALLUP POLL @realDonaldTrump APPROVAL AT 90% AMONG GOP. WHAT WOULD MCCAIN, FLAKE BE? THEY CHOSE WRONG SIDE LOSERS
is McCain a republican or democrat I can't tell? #Trumpistheresistance
keep up the real Republican fight. Save Americans from this unhinged narcissist! you are a real hero
division u suggest smacks of gerrymandered court. AZ is NOT more like Idaho than California.
you need to leave the country songbird
The only article we need to see is "Why Arizona Must Stop Electing Warmonger  @SenJohnMcCain "

@JeffFlake @dougducey @azcentral
McCain a Disgrace for our Country. AZ voters gave us a traitor.
McCain follows in Obama's steps, badmouths our Country at UN. Dangerous traitor.
McCain personal ego means more for him than the safety of our country. Downplays terrorism in USA.
McCain Says Russian Hacking More of a Threat Than Terror Attacks on U.S. Soil - ISIS supporter.
AZ made a BIG mistake in re-electing you.
How about moving the executive branch out of Russia first....priorities
First a songbird and now a leaker.Come on John you need mental help..
Mr John McCain needs to go also.
step aside sir! GOP is rolling ! Step on the train or step aside. Your a hero. Do it right!
I'm sorry to say this but I am disappointed in your lack of presidential support.
Hope u haven't forgotten about the Trump/Russia investigation. We haven't.
State court is much better for the typical lawyer, much more accessible, more time allowed, etc...
clients can handle.  The deadlines are very tight if you have more clients who cannot pay as much.
The deadlines set in federal courts are for the kind of caseload a large firm lawyer with a few wealthy
Exactly, the judiciary is OUT OF CONTROL.  And they have no respect for average lawyers.  Very elitist.
RECALL JOHN McCain
with McCain as Senator and his current policy and programs AZ is like part of 9th District
and you call us crybabies? You lost,  get over it!
can't wait til you Sen Mc Cain are moved out of the Senate.#fakerepublican
when are Republicans going to impeach this lunatic. What a bunch of chickens. Keep going SMc
One time traitor is a forever traitor.
Change your party. You do not represent conservatives.
when will you face fact that Donald Trump is your president and swallow it chew it and bite it, n shut up
shame on you instead of bringing the party together you're even dividing it more, you're peace of hate,
If you continue with this selfish power grab, you will NOT be reelected.
#weak
McCain is a traitor and a Dem
FYI you work for us. Don't forget that.
I don't think so!
we want you out!! #McCainThePain 
Senator, you're better than this
Stop rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.  Investigate @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia.
Face us in a town hall. Why don't you challenge the fascist first...then we can talk about the 9th.
A quick look shows 19 vacancies in the 9th
WHAT has the Senate been doing. There are 118 Judicial vacancies.
now you know..
Impeach a few judges that can't follow the law would fix the problem. 894/899
Laughably the "fair & functioning judiciary" referenced died with your theft of a nomination
what can be done senator mccaine
and you need to move out of our Country back to Hanoi w/ your friends, Traitor.
Just make it happen SENATOR.
If you are a patriot, as you profess, support President Trump! Stop undermining our POTUS and Country!!
@ConservatAZ  And you disloyal Mc need to get out of politics.  Time to recall McStabbingCain.
Ward unfortunately could not take McCain out but Az will vote Ward and bye-bye Flake#Flake
. Hope the 9th circuit puts u in jail then I will become a liberal.....not really..but resign
appoint more judges do not break away.
Sen. Flake has focused his energy on peanuts when we have a demented POTUS sowing hatred.
The West Coast could also just secede.
When Sen. Jeff Flakes decides to challenge Trump's idiocy, then we might listen to him.
CAPT McCain  u have moved out of the American living room of all little guys already.
your justice is not being served. no balls to hold a town hall. hiding overseas. coward.
fire the leak
RAT LEAKER
Tell us Johnny...are you the Leaker?
Please retire!!!
listen to your AZ citizens!!! Stay out of the muck with the prez or be voted out
That's about the same reversal rate as other circuit courts!  Where were you when DeVos got confirmed?
Article ignores overall high rate of overturn for all cases- & don't think 9th is the worst
Do the wise thing and jump on the Trump Train, sir
How is your friend Georg Soros?
Oh, give me a break!!  Here I was liking you these days, and now you attack the judiciary!
Erosion of checks and balances. Now erosion of the judiciary as well.
recall McCain and 9th court!
where's the read fool?
I hope you realize that after all of your years of service, you will be remembered as the SCHMUCK OF THE GOP. We all know it.
Shut it down, now.
Hey John-boy, lots of us think you should mve to Russia so U2 can be part of the evil empire
Catching up on some reading? AZ wants a #townhall often you complain about "Out-of-State" interests- here we are!
soon it will be public knowledge you are working w/evil George Soros Who wants globalization
...Because they are based out of California? Sounds reasonable
that surprises me traitor liberal McCain would say that
It's the 8th circuit that kept trump from taking in brace Iraqis who aided our soldiers.
Remembrr the Enterprise !
we are very proud of the 9th circuit
just leave California Washington and Oregon in the 9th circuit
instead of abandoning people how about you clean up the swap
Treason McCain, you ran a ruse Presidential campaign, you fooled your supporters! Evil,cold,dark soul!
Great idea. Why didn't you think of it before?
maybe something you could have discussed in a town hall, if you weren't hiding from them
Don't Be Bashing the Judges Now.! Just like you told our Potus.!! It's Disturbing  Now .!!
And now you're Bashing the Judges.! You told our Potus that's Disturbing!  Your TwoFaced .!!
Please create/fund new circuit court #12, for The People's Republic of California
hypocrites.  You have been responsible for the "overburdened court," by obstructing appointments.
Are you Soros puppet McCain?
