you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Please make America safe again for all our Mothers!  We are counting on you!  Thank you Sir!  #impeachTrumpnow
i wish you would get a grip on this dangerous conman u call president, Lord help us all, for crying out loud!!!!


retire John. Do America a huge favor.
You need to go away
Thank you John for being a traitor to America, people John is in it for himself, he is ignorant of a great many things.
I think you should just make the move to the democrat party, Senator. You haven't been a republican since you moved into Barack's backside
Get rid of TRUMP !!! THAT will make my Mother's Day !!  PUSH your friend lindsey and mitch !!
From this mother to you:
Oh say happy Mother's Day to mom for me.
Hey when Nancy starts marking your forehead are you going to lead the people? You going to but the first to get beheaded for Christ?
You should b ashamed of yourself Mr. McCain. Ur nothing but a traitor to our President & your party! Do yourself a a favor & retire NOW!
You need to change your status from Republican to Democrat. Your words mean nothing until then.
Do all moms a favor and retire
As I tweet, almost Mon. Need you to be the stand up R. Always respected you. Country first. You see what's happening.. Trump must go.
On us. #rino
She's no more special other than getting your congressional health coverage. Of course your elite ass won't take the same coverage you force
Nobody wants your wishes, your wishes mean nothing. We want your help, we NEED your help. Please do the right thing, save our country!
Happy ma's day to Roberta McCain; thank you for your sacrifice..the hardest..
Retire!
Please help women with their healthcare
Time to stand up for America Senator! Coach Gregg Popovich has more courage than GOP!
Gregg Popovich on how President Trump conducts himself:

"It's embarrassing, it's dangerous to our institutions…
Thank you for your 'No' vote this week - more Republicans need to vote their conscience for the love of God!
She's so blessed to have healthcare and be cared for by people with money!
Hope she doesn't take that job on Ttumpl.admin
Will look really bad for you.
Happy Mothers Day Mrs. McCain.
SenJohnMcCain   Stand up for democracy, publicly support independent investigation of Trump. It isn't about parties it is about democracy.
Lovely. Now back to work on impeaching Trump. The world is counting on you! 
#cummunistmccain
Your mother would be ashamed of the liberal loving communist you became
The woman you left your ill first wife for? Why were you pardoned by Nixon? War heroes don't need pardons!
Great, now back to work and get an #IndependentInvestigationNow
Country over Party. Remember he can take your power away 2. Please act N favor of our Country while U still have the power & opportunity 2.
Yes!!!!
All I want for Mothers Day is an #independentinvestigation! Or straight to #impeachTrumpnow...so maybe that's two things. @realDonaldTrump
When Will Republicans Stand Up to Trump?
MAGA get rid of MCCain !
Turn coat !  Rhino retire!
Support women and Moms thru legislation. Cover maternity healthcare, support women's right to choose and paid maternal/paternal leave.
you have been a Patriot and Hero before- time to step up again! I am sure your mom would be proud!! #askyourmama
JMc: It's so wonderful that your Mom is still here.  My best to all of you.
Best wishes to both of them.
Are you going to gut mothers healthcare?
Is that the Cindy McCain that Trump just bought?
please serve the apple pie with a side if prosecutor
Happy Mothers Day.  To Cindy & Roberta. Amazing to your mom John.
Senator Maverick. Enough with the innocuous tweets. Get off your ass and take action against the crazy man in the WH. #USA ->#GOP #weak
FunFact: Medicaid covers 25% of all US births. Removing 25% of its budget through AHCA will further damage mother-infantt mortality rates.
YIKES !!
Sealed indictments out of Eastern District of Virginia-under Dana Boente. Trump, Manafort and Flynn-among others under sealed indictment.
as a mom I learned to nag. We need an independent investigation. Thanks
Do something to save our constitution
Senator evil prevails when good men fail to act you know that more than anyone how can the AG and DJ T pick their own investigator stop this
Watch your vulgar mouth around them today
Thanks, same to the wonderful ladies in your life, too!
I hope she's not too disappointed in you
Isn't obstruction of justice a reason for Impeachment? It's time to dust off section 4 of the 25th Amendment! We're not safe with Trump! SAD
Thank you! Beautiful indeed! Happy Mother's Day to them!
Retire so you can spend more time with them.
Please please do something to save our democracy before it's too late.
I concur.
HEALTH CARE for all moms
Maternity coverage.  Also, there are mothers all over the Mid-East countries that we are bombing.  Do you wish them a happy Mother's Day?
Not penalizing maternity care would be a good way to show appreciation McCain. Vote no on trumpcare
Not so happy when I know that I AND my children are loosing Healthcare.  
How dare you utter the words Happy Mothers Day when you voted to kick millions of women & children off health care F__K YOU!
Do your duty and fight for what is right instead of what is Republican.  Do you really support that naked emperor?
thank u please do something for our children /protect against Trump And PUtin, because I can't sleep at night
Bless your heart, I know how you feel. It's going to be okay, I feel it. The good people will do the right thing. *hug*
Remember all women who depend on Planned Parenthood too they make sure we are healthy enough to have babies & help us become mommy's as well
Thank you  being a mom of 3 + 3 step daughters is the greatest joy Senator please #standForWomen and #impeachTrumpnow
Listen give us all a HAPPY MOTHER'S  DAY  impeach trump.
Thank you Senator. Wishing you and Cindy and your family a beautiful day.
Affirmative and Out; Sen.John McCain.of ARIZONA, (Chairman) Armed Services Committee
I hope u honor ur wife children & all Mothers & their children today by standing up for  & stop playing politics & being owned by MCCONNEL
Please Sen McCain.  Please honor American mothers evrywhere by impeaching the Misogynist-in-Chief 4 obstruction
maternity coverage is how you show appreciation for all moms
Happy mother's day to Cindy hope you are taking her out for a mother's day brunch...
Omg your mom is still alive?
Thanks McCain- now let's get the impeachment started already!
Why so much Erin? And do you not know that McCain is a confessed wife beater? Please, love a little.
He's a maverick, he can stand up to the white nationalists running the white house. If he is a confessed wife beater he should repent.
Happy Mother's Day to your lovely Wife and Mom! God has blessed you!
Thank you Senator for being the only GOP member putting country over party. Please get your bff @LindseyGrahamSC onboard with your crusade
*Except the 90% worldwide i advocate bombing
Thank you Sen. McCain!  The same to your Wife and Mother.
Thank You Sen .Happy Mothers day to your wife and mother
