Proud of your support!!! Very Important issue.  We need to do more to stop The sex trafficing!
Human Trafficking is a Huge issue that America does not talk enough about.  Thank you for the film.
Suff #InsaneMcCain doesn't want you to know abt. He's pushing war. #NEOCON propaganda
Anti-ASSAD activist @hannudti living in USA 30yrs works for MuslimBrotherhood CAIR. 2 CA criminal recs. @Partisangirl @HosamDakhakhni #Syria 
RETIRE. Thank you for service. You've quit listening to voters @MeghanMcCain @FoxNews
I'm a Republican for Trump.....but McCain, you suck....start backing Trump and not the libs
Senator McCain I have immense respect for you and admire your patriotism. Sir please help President Trump.
where is the investigations on trump, Flynn, Pence and Russia? Stop this now, if you care for USA's people.
Next week please address why you voted for DeVos.
thanks for sharing this film. Will check it out. Also enjoyed ThreeQuestions. Happy Bday to your feisty mom!
Your POW status don't give you the right to drag America into WWIII. Shame on you.
what about trump divesting in his business? It's not happening. Why not investigate that?
the gig is up.  America is awake.  Die knowing you're a TRUE hero.  No more betrayal.   America .. WE ... deserve better no?
Tell your mother, Happy 105th!!!  Jen & PJ.
I hope you understand the truth is flooding the web about foreign policy truth. I.E. Syria .. ALL of it .. oh .. $$Tunisia !!
For Munich, u r a traitor & a 5th columnist. u betray Trump & the nation. Go bk to the Demo's.
perhaps you should read twitter. There are many ppl sifting through child trafficking.
John I understand your job so please get things done in Washington PLEASE support the man I voted for TRUMP
WE WANT TREASON TRIAL FOR FLYNN!!!! dEMAND THIS NOW! RT
you need to retire
what about 45 and Russia little grandson? Ask John that!
.@SenJohnMcCain I expect Monday you will support a full-scale investigation into Russian ties and the current administration.
I'm a VET too sir..but you were out of line calling a mission a failure in public. I would have thought you would know better
congrats to your darling mother me Senator so sorry our POTUS has such disregard for u & our constitution. WE r afraid!
McCAIN IS FINANCED BY SOROS. GOOGLE IT
MCCAIN AND FLAKE HAVE GOT TO GO
It;s all about RUSSIA
I have 3 questions and they're all: Where is the investigation on Russia?! 
why you so attached to your mommy?
Please Senator McCain try being a Maverick for the republicans instead of the Dems for a change! #Stopobstructing
At worst Flynn is a traitor. At very worst Flynn is a traitor & America is less secure than at any time in its history.
How about discussing why the @SenateGOP aren't investigating Gen Flynn for being a Russian sympathizer? #traitor #LockHimUp
.McCain needs to shut his mouth. He is so neg. abt Trumps orders. He is on Soros payroll. a traitor ass.
Sir, thank you for your service.  Please defend our country from the insanity in the white house
you are still the warrior you have always been.  Make me proud.
how could you vote for DeVos? You are supposed to be one of the reasonable GOP
how about explaining why you are a bought coward?
You have stood for what is right and fought for freedom, don't stop now.
When are you going to stand for PEACE?  You if all people know you can't bomb your way to Democracy.
Proud of @SenJohnMcCain for standing with #IamJaneDoe children and to amend Section 230. http://www.IamJaneDoeFilm.com  In theaters now.
Has anyone introduced an amendment to #CDA230 yet?
1st, thank you for your service. Happy birthday to your Mom! Awesome! Will tune in.
Putting American citizen safety and security 1st is SUPPOSE TO BE YOUR PRIORITY!! Learn from Europe Extreme Vetting NEEDED!!
why aren't you calling for the firing of general Flynn for conspiring with the Russians?
@RMSBeagle
tick tock tick tock....
2/19  Vault#7 
John. Who are you? Where is the hero? Do the right thing. Just another donald  follower?
#dissentispatriotic
where are you McCain? Bowing low to Donald 
The blood of innocent people are on your hands. Please stop all war.
why did you vote for DeVos? Was it $50,000 she gave you? Remember Keating-5.
Thank you Sen McCain and Cindy for joining the fight against Human Trafficking. You are an inspiration.
what about Flynn and Russia, Russia hacking, trump abusing power and making money.  Sen McCain do your job
Cement status as Am hero by putting country bfore party & do your part in getting DT out. You'd win over the other half of US
GREAT JOB LETS GET THIS OIT THERE. PUBLIC NEADS TO KNOW...
.
how's Flynn and tillerson. You been played for a fool. Sad
Did you discuss neo conservatism?
I am a Democrat that really wished you were in office! Anyone but Trump/Pence!
this general flynn talking with the Russians demands your attention and investigation. Now.
stand up to trump by not voting for all his incompetent secretaries. What's wrong with you have some scruples.
great voting for corrupt price. How can u do that ? How do u sleep at night ? He made money on votes. That's ok? Terrible.
Anyone saying good things to u on here obviously arent informed about what kind of monster u really are
Is this a joke? Unbelievable!
Why do you take money f rom Soros?
Flynn. Russia. Trump. What do you plan to do about it?
@FoxNews McCain is the VA failure problem
you sold out to devos
thank you for standing with #JaneDoe children everywhere... @MissingKids @SharedHope
As already stated Y did U vote 4 DeVos? How can u sleep @ night watching President Bannon & puppet Trump screw things up?
why do the people of Arizona continue to elect this RINO, he is no Republican.
I may not agree with your politics but I would trust you to hold my wallet.
Change your party if you don't support our president. He is best president we ever had in recent history.
it's time for to step down. #MAGA
John McCain is an ISIS sympathizer and traitor. We saw the photos of your terrorists collusion w ISIS crimes
I WISH U WERE PRESIDENT I KNOW U WOULD MAKE US PROUD....
Where's your statement on Flynn?
John.....get to work
The things you SAY and DO makes me think YOU are the ENEMY against the @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain !!!
Flynn told pence no talk of sanctions shortly after his conv.  His memory was fresh
it takes one good man to stand up to the face of evil. John u r that man! PLEASE say NO to djt. Be fearless!
Every day you don't call for Flynn and Trump to resign, you, sir, are in collusion with Russia, too. So much for your bravery
Hey, McCain, how is that Tillerson vote feeling about now?? Flynn/Trump in touch with Russia before swearing in TREASON
Mr. McCain, you may be the only one in the Capitol working these days. Thank you, sir. I don't always agree, but respect you.
support Pres Trump, so he can help USA, dont be a fool
McCain, Ryan etc are globalists. Controlled op.
No stalemate We lost Afghan war because you+ Wash DC still trying to civilize war with rules of engagement
Please retire and go quietly into the night.  Or...just go away. Take Lindsey with you please.
The PEOPLE voted for Pres Trump & voted 4 him based on what he campaigned on. We want change & he will do it. Accept it plz.
lets discuss you standing up to Trump! Epic #EasyD #hesnotmypresident
Thank you for sharing the Jane doe video.  Happy 105th to your mom!!
YOU senator are responsible for the dead and displaced in Libya and Syria. The blood of millions on ur hands
You've shown nothing but CONTEMPT for our sons and daughters in uniform.  READ!
#devos. How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Great video. You were magnificent.  Thanks.
More BS! Tell #AZ @ASU @Arizona Citz AboutYour Meetings w/ #ISIS #alqaeeda @kingsalman #GeorgeSoros @AP @drudgeheadlines @CNN
John, you are stale one - celebrate your mothers' birthday as vehemently as possible & .@POTUS will take care of Afghanistan.
and Happy Birthday to your Mom!
Tell your staff to answer the fucking phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
need u to focus on Flynn.
Deafening, Deafening
Your silence is desfening on the critical issues of today, especially cabinet picks and ban!!!
can you please comment about Mike Flynn and investigating #Trumprussia
Senator, thank you for sharing and making the public more aware of human trafficking.
Why didn't anyone stop trump from approving attack killing a Seal! Most knew Tump unqualifiedOnly 10dayAsPrez
Do you know there is a large homeless camp filled with nothing but veterans in AZ? Been there lately?
Make sure "Moscow Mike" Flynn gets the boot. We need a few less of Putins agents in the Whitehouse
U hav opportunity to vote what's right not just party w trump insulting you. B strong! Have integrity! Your chance!
So you won't be discussing methods of resisting the idiot in chief, who insults you at every turn. Quit RNC.
please discuss your intention to oppose this administration and to fight for the truth about Russian ties
Sex trafficking also  occurs when u.s. military recruit/pressure autistic kids to serve - i sent u a letter
Where was your voice about Obama Strategy? I can tell you. It's recorded in your committee meetings. #Gutless
How do u people live with yourselves? John, your name is on the pedo FBI arrest list.
THanku Senator McCain.  You are such a deeply good man!
i like you, Mr McCain
....NOTHING ABOUT TRUMPO THE CLOWN???
Маккейн-чмо...
I truly admire you Sen McCain! Happy Birthday to your mom!
SHUT UP, McCAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where ? On Mars ?
Happy Birthday to your mom. You and she are amazing!
Question 4 Have you been a communist agent since your capture?
if u were paid by Soro u r NOT a citizen of the USA. U should be wearing labels of everyone who bought u. Let the people know
Captions please for deaf and hoh?
Very Happy Birthday to your Mom :)
Sir, I am thankful that you are STILL serving your country, unlike Pres. Donald Dodger.
please quit combining personal and business tweets. I hate being impolite when you talk about your mom.
.   God Bless.
Question 3 Did you really blow up a bunch of planes on an aircraft carrier?
.  God Bless
I agree we should move forward in Afghanistan but we can't do that if they don't trust us not to take oil. @therealdonald_
I am sad at the state of our governments   I have always respected you but the votes last week have changed that disappointed
Hang on. You once said you would “be fine with” the U.S. military staying in Iraq for “a 100 years”.  Why not Afghanistan?
In fact you said US troops could be in Iraq for ‘a thousand years’ or ‘a million years,’ as far as you were was concerned.
Is it because they bribed you (e.g. DeVos) or just because you're a coward who can tweet but not do anything?
Question 2 How many tapes did you make for Tokyo Rose?
Here's a fourth question- despite your concerns over Trump's presidency, why do you keep voting for his noms?
because he's a fuckin libtard traitor
One of the few Republicans with an overall good head on his shoulder and using it.
Don't give him too much credit. He has not voted against a single nominee. All words, no action.
agree, but think McCain reason we have Kelley, Pompeo instead of russian stoogies
Perhaps you believe that, I have seen zero evidence for it. Trust actions, not words.
Sadly Senator McCains political career will be remembered more like Strom Thurman rather than Dwight Eisenhower.
Did you just wake up from an 8 year nap. You had no issues while the last guy ran the country into the ground
PLEASE include CAPTIONS in your videos so that deaf people can understand what you're saying. #CaptionThis
Did Nixon pardon you for war crimes?
Thats nice. What about Flynn? What about 45 ties to RU? What about 45's conflicts of interest?
God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain . If USA is fighting Taliban in Afghanistan & Russia is supporting them in Afghanistan whose side is Trump on?
США в Афганистане не с кем не борется,а выращивают и продают героин! Талибан,ИГИЛ,АЛьКаида это продукт США!
We shall listen and support! Thank you for your service
Why do you feel the need to attempt to provide a diagnosis or just bully me?
Question 1 Did Nixon pardon John Mcstain for treason?
Nothing on being insulted by a nutter?
Do I have to?  I mean if I want to be lied to I can just pay a hooker to tell me I'm pretty.
I Discuss Your #Arrest & #Conviction For Throwing Every #Election Since: #McCain You Are Under Arrest #Trump
happy birthday to your mom 
What happened John???  Why did you quit talking?  Your are just as bad if not worse than them!
