The legend continues... 
You are watching the NFL...how could you?  Did you also buy a Support Castro shirt and Cops are Pigs socks?  Come on Senator..stop!
John McCain is a man, a great man... not a sheep!
Then why is he watching NFL?
Because the NFL has done nothing wrong and he is not a blind, mindless follower and thank God for men like John McCain!
You are right about not following...he couldn't even follow his promises to repeal Obamacare!  And yes, NFL business leaders are wrong.
Well smart people know when to reevaluate! Good for him! I suggest you seek help to deal with your animosity! I will pray for you!
I suggest you talk to him...he wants full repeal just not Trumps repeal!  He was taking revenge against Trump for actions during campaign.
And I am sure you had a conversation with him, right? Two recommendations... go away and pray. Your bitterness is sad. It’s all about a name
Trump said we are not allowed to watch  anymore! (I have a brain tumor so who cares) I'm a never Trump and could care less what he says!
So is McCain....both of you can enjoy being a football fan & a never Trumper.
How dare u support the NFL weren't u a war prisoner Now I have to question whether u were captured or just gave up or if u r mentally sound
McCain what about the people kneeing for FLAG at the game or do you care
Hey he's really a liberal dem. Mccain lies to himself anymore, and screws his supposed friends !!!
You have become a political tool John.  Sad really I use to admire what you stood for.  As a veteran I am shocked.
People like McCain show their colors at the end only thinks of himself obstructing Trump in finding a solution to healthcare He don't care!
So you approve of disrespecting the flag?
He is a pain in the ass, soon to go. Sour grapes to the end. Disappointing nobody only thinking of himself A true Democrat rat ass!!
Sir, I believe you mean, "He da man!"
Liberals new bestest buddy!
I don't watch it now
#SenJohnMcCain @LarryFitzgerald  You are right! Fitz made decisive play for big win. You fumbled on goal line, lost game and blamed QB.
That’s right he is, and you ain’t shit.
As are you Senator!
No one watches the NFL
He's  more the man than you being true to his cause. 
Cardinal not a closet cowboy. Or you republican but closet democrat. So bad !!!!
You know you're a good guy when @SenJohnMcCain gives you a compliment
He is the the man
He is a rat sour grapes to the end that is coming soon Letting people's healthcare down Siding with Commies What a real disgrace
You could learn a lot from him.  Humble, puts the team ahead of his personal agendas.
Not sure @SenJohnMcCain remembers which team he is on. Time to go!
Why he'll never be a legend - except to other DC elites.  Term limits!
McCain is a traitor, a Democrat in Republican clothing He's leading the Dems to destroy TRUMP Why not leave the GOP since u lean Democratic
Who cares?  #BoycottNFL - these ignorant millionaire players hate and disrespect our flag and our country.  Haven't watched a single game.
These overpaid crybabies disrespect our Country but your front and center cheering them on.
Only if he stood for the National Anthem.
See you're watching the game when players are disrespecting the national anthem. Why am I not surprised McCain would do this
A traitor supporting a game played by anti-Americans #boycottNFL #firemccain #RINO
Be a leader and come out in support of an assault rifle ban, their sole purpose is to murder the maximum amount of people quickly.
@AZCardinals Live in Montana now, but still cheer
for the Birds, and especially Larry Fitzgerald. So classy!
The NFL continues to disrespect our military, our country, our values! Figures that you would be supporting them!
You're not.
@SenJohnMcCain - He's the traitor! Retire!!!
He sucks winnie.  STEELERS OLD MAN
We met you in an elevator going to the get last year. It was an honor to meet you face to face. My hubby is in the Army and...
Trying to go Active after 9 years Reserves and you said we could reach out to you if any hardships with that. Thank you for being so caring!
*going to the game
Sir, why don’t you be the man and support Republicans. Thank you for your service!
Very well organized to play, very much a great show
Yes he would have  my vote if i was living in AZ°°°
Yes he is love Fitzgerald getting us the win!!!!
@LarryFitzgerald is the man for sure, but you @SenJohnMcCain  was the first man. #TheMen
#
Praying 4 u sir
Either support ur party or switch parties ... Ur constant bashing of your president which is your party, is not putting u in good light
U obviously are at no Trumper... Y don't u switch to a registered Democrat you seem to support that party? Do u know how az thinks ? No left
Sen. McCain was the MAN for Arizona, until he lied to us!
You love rich liberals that is true. But you hate the people of Arizona!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You hate Arizonians but you like the Cardinals. You lie to and betray your constituents and leave them in the cold but this you care about?
Hello Sen. McCain.  Hope you are doing well sir.
Please retire @SenJohnMcCain for your family
You mean St. Louis Cardinals
Cam we find the truth behind the CHIP program
You got that right, sir!
Stand for the flag or Kneel on your knees with the NFL? What's say you #McCain ?
Who is in charge of PR relief efforts? Nobody. John Kelly should resign at COS and do what's right for this nation.
Put down the koolaid
Yes, yes he is!!!!
No, you're da man @SenJohnMcCain and thank you for serving our country!
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Retire John
Time for bed now John
The true "People's Champion"
Does @SenJohnMcCain have time to watch football with all the regular order in the Senate?
McCain wouldn't vote for healthcare so he supports Planned Parenthood which is abortion clinic so that makes him a murderer
Your the man Senator but he is pretty damn good
Yes he is sir- just like you!
Yessssss
Please stay healthy we need you,This is coming from.a Democrat too.
term limits
Dead yet?
He is indeed!!!
And you're the Songbird traitor.
From a PItt Alum who watched him at Heinz field...he's the bomb!
Yes he is
So are you sir... my glioblastoma fighter ! This bleeding heart liberal is proud to fight this fight with you sir!
So are you Senator McCain. The example you and Larry set each day is priceless!
This is why you couldn’t win the presidency. Are you a republican or democratic. Make a decision! You’re a spineless wimp when it comes to politics.
Yes sir he is !!!  Total commitment!! @AZCardinals
Last time I voted republican was you running for POTUS.  TY for your service. Have  not always agreed but we have both sought the same.
Shouldn't u be somewhere kissing Soros's ass?
@AZCardinals My 15 yr old son and I disagree about music but agree, as player and human, Larry is the GOAT!
There's a reason he's respected & you're despised.
You too John
So are you Senator. Keep fighting.
To bad you are NOT
#Boycottthenfl
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain

Good taste in running backs, sir!
Traitor! Boycott the NFL
I love you, but boooooooooo!!!!!!!!
You used to be John.  Then came Trump and your hatred for him has destroyed you and your legacy not his.
Supportive. Of anything NFL is bullshit.  Not surprised by YOU
Larry- Larry-Larry!
Only if he stands for the FLAG
John McCain true gentleman RESPECT 
That’s ok. Your other AZ football team lost to the Utah Utes and that’s all that matters! Love you Senator McCain! #goutea
Praying for you!
So you support these guys disrespecting the flag?  Figures
John we don’t give a shit about the NFL!!!
For a man that talks honor and continues to watch people that disrespect the fallen, says a lot about the man and his myth. RETIRE Brutus
And you are not our man!  Get behind Trump or leave the Republican Party!!!!!
Nope, there's a majority that want him to stay!  He's doing what his oath promised!
The Democrats favorite Republican Mr. John McCain.
You suck sir big time
The legend thank god is not you. Oh wait it is. It's being a democrat traitor and making Arizona residents pay way tooo much for healthcare
And do you live in Arizona and pay all the Obamacare money?
How did a guy that graduated 894/899 become a Naval aviator? That's right daddy was an admiral. RETIRE Brutus
@Jkidd2481 your favorite 
Hey  this is what a real hero is like.
Boycotting.  Goodell has to go!!
Amazing, national and international trolls can't follow the money. Keating, Soros, McCain Institute, research snowflake, whacko birds.
He didn't care about anyone but himself.  He has good healthcare.  He just wanted to get back at president.
That's unfair!  He stuck to his word--regular order!
He sure did. A lot in America can no longer understand what integrity means- if they ever did.
See you next week in Philly 
NO...he's the man & child  #BlueLivesMatter
Russian tool you are
What happened?! What I miss??!! Oh wait, never mind.
He is just a football player. SGM Talton is the Man!!
Traitor would rather watch games than work on a health bill. Resign please. Otherwise you will go down in history as traitor & obstructionist
I WAS A TEACHERS AIDE IN HIS HIGH SCHOOL.
HE WAS A GREAT STUDENT!
Here's a novel idea....try supporting the President & Republican party!  I know it's something foreign to you but try! You might like it.
You da man to Senator. Praying for you daily. God Bless You 
Fix my health care
No sir you are the man , hope you continue to get better
Yes he is!!
Please retire John
Larry has done more for @Arizona than @SenJohnMcCain...
Hell yeah! Bless his soul true warrior w A  n bk bone
That makes both of you: 'the Man!'
No one cares unless he chooses to stand before the game
His Dad is a racist, just like u, which sadly crushes his good stuff like today.
You should not comment on men, or men of ventru

Don’t forget carson for getting crushed all day but delivering the fatal blow!  #birdgang
Figures you would be watching these unamerican jerks
So good to hear you happy. Carpe Diem!
Go Pitt!
Unlike you
Weirdo
Now you support NFL, always a traitor and another DEM! You liar 1 vote McCain #IStandForTheAnthem
No one in football is the man.  Just athletes.
Taking a knee are you know surprise TRAITOR
In double coverage no less. Nuts.
How disgusting that u still watch this. U have betrayed America in more ways than one
Please continue to stand up to @potus. Save #NetNeutrality, and get to the bottom of the Russian interference.
I wanted to tell you my mom lived over 14 years after dx glioblastoma!  Good luck!
Boy that's nice to hear! Bless you for sharing!
Phenomenal athlete and a good human
Did you expect anything different
@AZCardinals You used to be THE MAN, John McCain! You've morphed into the pathetic traitor dotty Dem shill
Hey John, YOU’RE FIRED!  #BoycotttheNFL #NFLBurnNotice #NFLboycott2017
Naturally the great American patriot let's us know he is watching the NFL just to rub it in...no comment on #TakeAKneeNFL

Sing us a pretty song "Song Bird".. C'mon, you did it for Charlie
I hope the #GOP let's John McCain initiate the impeachment proceedings. That seems just.
And then it on
How about work on healthcare, taxes, infastructure and North Korea
Trump now the master and chef of CAKE NEWS:  all frosting but no cake.
Create your healthcare bill what are you doing watching football? Arizona's premiums are skyrocketing. Get your shit togeather #songbird
You're not though. Your are a rouge virus implanted by the #DNC
CHIP
no Mr McCain, YOU are!!  Be well kind sir.
Awesome Catch!!!!  Almost as awesome as if McCain had kept his promise to repeal Obamacare.
That's what he will do when regular order is in place and a plan that keeps promise of better, more for cheaper
Now your supporting the NFL? The same league disrespecting all Veterans every Sunday? Go vote no in Australia.
Very nice subtle way of poking Trump in the eye. You have not gotten over his criticism of you milking the POW situation, war hero, Maverick
Like when is going to retire. He's been killing me forever!
Unpatriotic John McCain still watching disgusting NFL . That's what I would expect from a RINO.
John you are a true American and anyone that thinks otherwise, has alternative "bigoty" motives #NFLdontneednobigits
That was a nail biter, love it!
Too bad u ain't #Rino
penny bet that continue to thrive and another penny that the cardinals lose twice to the seahawks
With you, Senator McCain, Larry Fitzgerald definitely shares the title of The Man -- keeping Arizona great!
Good luck
Sorry John I have to say this
My #Rams on top of the division!!!!
But I got much love for Fitzgerald....he is the man!
Did he stand for the National Anthem!
YOU'RE the man, @SenJohnMcCain
F you John
John McCain my guy
You said John McCain is gay
Get well soon John.....
Boycott NFL
It's #JimmyCarter birthday
The MAN the LEGEND
Good game democrat
YASSSSSS!!!!
Figures... Traitor... #MAGA
Not The Man #25thAmendmentNow
If there were Americans still watching the NFL... I would guess you would be one of them
