The only downside to this statement is that Trump and 99% of his sycophants won’t understand a word of it.
they are the minority - ignore them
They really are the minority - 16% of eligible voters. And they're given far too much importance.
exactly as Putin directed - tail wagging the dog
I may have to correct the 16%. Some reports state 26% of eligible voters voted DT - 10% more than I previously tweeted. Still 75% did not.
Nope you did not. You. Cannot claim the hearts and minds of America.  You never will.

Wow.  Thank you Senator McCain.  You are amazing.  All the best to you and your family always.  Love from SoCal
Well said, sir. For the sake of the world I pray we haven't already abdicated leadership to the point where we can't get it back.
Thank you
Look at all the left supporters coming out for traitor McCain. You must be so proud Johnny 
*sad trombone *
Shocker, he lives in Missery, I mean Missouri, a state so racist NAACP issued a travel warning
McCain is a hero despite our differences.
8 numbers in username. Not
*bot. Dangit
Not a bot lefty
Just an idiot
So I’m wrong? McCain don’t have most of his support from the left?
John, you spouting intellectually dishonest and you know it,your legacy is with being a traitor to your party,your constituents & America
Trump is literally directly acting against the will and well-being of the American people, and McCain's the traitor?
Is he? Literally? Oh my God. Literally? How?
Amen brother
We can be a “city upon a hill” w/o being the world’s cleanup crew, but very well said indeed.
Spoken like a true patriot! Senator, when u said spurious, did u mean bone spur while u're allowing urself to be captured?
Thank you for your wise words about the perils of trumpism, but like Climate Change, what we need is action.
Thank you sir, it's reassuring to hear someone with integrity.
The world salutes a true American hero
Thank you sir!
Damn. Preach, senator.
Thank you Senator McCain for your selflessness, your leadership, and love for our country.

Thank you for your service both in the military and in congress.  You are an American hero.
Such a loser in so many ways! Bye Bye Little Johnny RINO McCain  
"Find Scapegoats"?!?!  That's called blame shifting John.  When are you going to switch your party affiliation? You sparsely reflect conservative values. It's understandable that the conscience of the Republican party has been challenged ever since 911 (WTC Building 7!) #TurnCoat
p.s. Wish you well in your cancer fight.  However! If there is another miraculous recovery by another federally elected's bought with cancer it will bolster the notion that there are cures for cancer that only benefit the ivory tower dwellers from terminal to "I'm healed!!"
YOUV NEVER LED ME YOU EVIL IMPERIAL MASS MUDERERING TERRORIST WAR CRIMINALS& YOU NEVER WILL YOU FILTH YOU MURDERED OVER 30 000000 PEOPLE SINCE THE END OF WW2 THRU SHOOTINGS BOMBS 5TARVATION& ECONOMIC SANCTIONS TARGETING MEDICINES ESPECIALLY IN IRAQ YOU MURDERED 1000000S


Stand against Trump already. Say his name. Say it to his face. Until then, you still support him.

John, whadyou do to stop it? Oligarchs and Fundamentalists used the Latin American model to take over the USA and cause this chaos
So who's blaming who, here?
We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.
Thank you sir! (And can you all please #ImpeachTrumpNow)
Awe, go sit on $oro$ lap seeing how he's your Santa Claus.
I’m sure you might be on that long list that OPR and the IG is looking into as well. Good luck to you in your retirement.
You need to retire

You are correct.  So please step down now and help America move away from your crony deep state politics.  I am ashamed I voted for you.  Maybe it's the glio.  God bless you.
True RINO. Retire already. No one cares what you think or say
Just one problem: Since we led and organized the world for three-quarters of a century, the only people we can blame for the mess it's in is ourselves.

We exploited and abused other countries. Perhaps we should have asked them if they wanted our "leadership".
Build the wall. Thats what we voted for.
Amen.

A Speech that will live in History books, LONG AFTER the stench of this admistration has been relegated to that same heap.
Time to Join the Flake and go fishing .....
Mc Cain bought off with killary $$....traitor more than once in his life. Shameful
Slaughter/War-for-Profit, is not a sustainable business plan, at best.
Thank you, Senator McCain.  Your bravery continues to inspire many.  It’s time for others to stand up for the values of being an American.
Feed the Sheep.....
yes and where are we
You were and ate a traitor !!
You are a traitor and still a traitor  to your party
Nothing is more unpatriotic than a Senator masquerading around pretending to be a strong pro-American Republican.
@senjohnmccain 1/2baked nationalism from 1/2 baked POTUS #fore
Thank you for your decades of service to our nation. We are grateful.
Spoken like a true Statesman. Thankyou Sir. Wishing you and yours continued comfort, strength, and purpose.
You're awesome. Please keep speaking the truth...
how high are you sitting on the ash heap of history to see all this?

Thank you Senator! We need more like you to stand up to this idiot in WH!
Blablabla!
@colindonnell Excellent speech! 
John McCain, you have broken your promises first to support your President and second to Vote to Repeal and Replace Obama Care.
 No Loyalty.
el nacionalismo tamvbien fue parte de la historia de norteamerica, si me permites
What about taking Promised Untouchable Military Retirement/Disability when TENURE attained 1979 with 20 year Mil Service Obligation Compl
How many people have been slaughtered by wars this evil human being has supported?
Mr. McCain - Stay and fight this half-baked nationalism! Thank You
Just to repeat our admiration for a War Hero that says it as it is, Wish Republicans
learn from your proven patriotism!
You lost.  Didn't win the Presidency.  Trump won.  Get over it already.  Your really not important so stop.
You are so not loyal! I find your words a waste of my time.
Full-baked nationalism it shall be then.
Thank you Senator McCain!!! A true patriot you are!!!
Isn't it also unpatriotic to vote along party lines to the destruction of the country?
John, DO SOMETHING ALREADY.  Make a stand.  SAY SOMETHING LOUD.
Help us ObiJohn McNobi, you may be our only hope.  

 Don't just stand there
You mean like invading Iraq 2x, Libya, Yemen...that was a failure.
Well said Sir!
So why aren’t we impeaching @POTUS
Mr. McCain you are a real war hero, unlike our president who thinks otherwise,  GOD Bless you and your health
"US leadership" 

AKA the NWO

We have the internet now, John. You can't get away with your Bilderberg lies anymore.
Let’s go Senator!!
John, globalists have over the last 50 years taken America to the brink of bankruptcy! It is time for others to pay for themselves!
Bravo!
Thank you, Senator! Send powerful waves of prayer and strength for your speedy recovery. We need your voice today more than ever!
My only beef with this is where was the Brilliance and insight so many claim from this man during the Obama years?
To refuse US leadership for half-baked nationalism is as unpatriotic as any dogma consigned to ash heap of history https://medium.com/@SenatorJohnMcCain/remarks-at-the-2017-liberty-medal-ceremony-8d69751a5ac1#---0-492 … 
I had always wondered what a @SenJohnMcCain presidency would have looked like compared to Obama? 

Turns out about the same.
Thank you for your lifetime of leadership, Senator. You are a man of honor and a true American hero.
Ummm.My father says otherwise & he's a dem.He served w/ him & he got many brothers killed n Vietnam.Covered up bc dad/gdad were 4 admirals
BS If everyone who claimed to have served w/McCain or had fathers who did stepped forward at once, the Earth would tilt on it's axis.
Ok. Believe what u want. I really don't care
Of course you care or you wouldn't be making the effort to impugn the character of a war hero and patriot.
Except I don't.I put the info out there.If u want 2 believe great. If not, doesn't affect me n the least.I know the truth.
& of course it doesn't affect u, it is a trump like statement, as if a fact, intended 2 ruin McCain after yrs of sacrifice.& U know it...
That’s an insult. You’re wrong. You aren’t even a republican. Donald Trump is more republican than you are. #rino
Thank you, Senator John McCain!
Thank you for using big words conveying big ideas. Thank you talking to us as if we have a brain.
Biggest mistake from  n history was electing #donaldducktrump President what a mess Head has made dividing us and including violence 4u
Mr war machine McCain
Please a war hero and independent thinker unlike Trump who will be removed
Hard to answer stupid.Yes McCain will be replaced http://soon.how  is he a hero?Why didn't he talk about this years ago.
The problem with POTUS and his billionaire crew, they never thought enough of the American way of life to put the uniform on and stand tall.
What a stupid speech!
I stand behind you 100% Mr. Mccain I am a Vietnam Vet also thanks for all the work you do to keep us safe.God Bless
Thank you, Senator.  I admire your everpresent courage and patriotism.
Thank you sir.
All of those who realize what is happening and do not speak out will be responsible for what is happening to America.  Thank you John!
Thanks for speaking the truth
We are so need term limits
Thank you Senator McCain for your service, courage, and wisdom. We need your wise leadership.
You make it sound like taking care of America is a bad idea. Our infrastructure is crumbling, but let's rebuild Iraq again. #Priorities
@SenJohnMcCain you have been a clear and honest voice thru some very discouraging times.  I thank you!
Odds of being shot 1-300
Odds of being killed by vehicle 1-20
WE DON'T BAN CARS though, do we?
Car ownership isn't even Constitutional RIGHT
To commenters-  "if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything". People be nice to one and other
Thank you sir for your service and continued perseverance for the people.
I'd bet money that Julianne didn't vote for John McCain running for President but NOW she loves to retweet him for bashing his party! WTG!
FOX took ONE LINE out of speech , had Karl Rove speak to it & declared it was in total support of Trump & pro aggressive military. I keep up
McCain has more Integrity in his pinky ! Than moron in the WH& his supporters are just simple minded bigoted ppl only have hate in their 
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/10/what-john-mccain-gets-wrong-about-trumps-nationalism/543183/ … n criticizing DJT's amoral “isolationism,”u defnd the interventionism tht helpd produce hs presidncy n the 1st place
Well said...  probably not well heard by @realDonaldTrump admin or understood by his base who have been told that world is hurting them.
Thank you so much for your service and courage. Please continue to stand up for all !
Excellent !!!
John, we are PROUD of our country. We want to help others, but NOT adopt them.  We EMBRACE nationalism - too bad, you don't.
Anyone who supported Iraq War and Libyan and Syrian interventions is in no position to accuse others of being half-baked and spurious
The half-baked, spurious Iraq War that you supported did more to damage US prestige and destabilize Middle East than anything Trump has done
God said that King David was a man after his own heart. You Sen.McCain can speak for me any day. These are the reasons we vote.Represent!!!!
THANK YOU*10000 times!!
Wow! Thank you for this! It needed to be said long ago.
Yeah. Like back in 2008. You know, when he elevated Sarah Palin and her crazy to the national stage.
We all make mistakes.
Like *everytine* he urged “arm the rebel’s & bomb them” as the solution to every foreign policy crisis?
He had his own thoughts on how to deal with things, and was honest about it. I didn't agree with him and that's why I don't vote for him.
*didn't
You voted for the Obama failure, which DESTROYED the Democratic Party and any chance you goons have of preventing 8 years of Trump. 

The world you have organized & lead has brought us no victories, no peace; instead we have more war w/ foreigners & strife among ourselves.

Blah..blah..blah.. Retire already you RINO!
McCain is dying so he won't get peaceful retirement,feels need 2 fight 4 our country til death against r enemies, both foreign & domestic.
He is a traitor read histoey
History
I am not a world citizen. I am AMERICAN and damned proud of it. Take your globalist ideas and RETIRE Brutus.
Someone doesn't know Brutus' backstory....
Probably a flat-earther, too. They don't believe in globalism.
Planism
Hey @SenJohnMcCain with all due respect, you just don't get it. Thanks for your service but it's time to retire.
Absolutely
Same theme as building an idiotic wall instead of reforming immigration policy to benefit those looking for work and monitor criminals...
Bravo.
To old to govern ! Traitor was and is ? No change , obstructionist to own party !
I agree! There is a big difference between running a business and running a government!
Retire! Please spare us! You are an embarrassment. You've lost your mind.
Love this
well said,  @meaganMcCain learn ur not entitled because of ur father's good deeds n stop acting like u have served, princess
@SenatorJohnMcCain is and always has been a leader and one of the best examples of a real American patriot.
You're either going to get exposed or expire. I shall not shed a tear for you either way
Yes, Trump will be impeached
As time moves on its looking less likely. However I don't discount an assassination attempt as some deep-state hawks divide; move Trumpwards
Assassination would martyr the runt. Impeachment or resignation will do just fine
He won't resign. If McCain's cronies want compelling evidence to impeach they shouldn't bother with ex MI6 chancers. CIA/FBI red faced
Some Christopher Steele's Report been corroborated. CIA/FBI not perfect but this abt corrupt racist sexual predator,prob rapist/child abuser
Hollywood collapsing under it's own weight in perversity. 58 people murdered 2 weeks ago, Pedo rings in DC & you think #pussygate is a thing
Senator tries reason in attack on #MoronTrump who fails to understand
Much needed and perfectly said sir
Kudos @SenJohnMcCain. You exemplify true leadership, i.e not saying what people want to hear, but stating your belief.
@CNN @SenJohnMcCain is the modern day liberals HITLER!! #CNN
#JohnMcCain on point Senator, respect!

Thank you John McCain, thank you
You people need to be replaced. You and most Dems have become very mentally unstable and power hungry.
Go away.
We - The American People - Need You & Our President To Get Out Of The Sandbox & WORK FOR US! We Need HEALTHCARE Passed! BUDGETS! Grow Up!
Goodness gracious John. Are you not over inebriated by the over exuberance of your own high verbosity ?
Please go away.  You are useless.  Join the Dems.
This statement is specious rhetoric. Globalists have been managing the cultural & economic decline of America to feather their own nests.
Please retire! You are not in reality John McCain!
We have an awesome president and your rhetoric is not called for...it is disgraceful!
God bless you sir.
Hate to be rude but... shut up!! 
Im just getting started. But thanks for thinking you get to tell me what the hell to do.
#SorryNotSorry #ass
Talking to me?? I was talking to him, but hey... keep going.
Thank you!
If not...why not?
Come on John, I voted for you, lets get Tax reform done for hte middle-class. We need the help! Find common ground!
And their goal had been self enrichment not even an ideology
From a true patriot!
Betraying your Country is unpatriotic too!
The only thing we have to fear is; fear itself... @realDonaldTrump is that fear!
OMG!!Amazing statement from an amazing Patriot to ALL Americans!!Thank you for demonstrating how to rise 
above the fray!You are indomitable
SHUT UP....GET ON THE TRUMP TRAIN ALREADY!!!
Yes. Obama did a super job on the world stage. I'm sure Bob really believes that.
What are you know you are a damn traitor to this country
https://youtu.be/_wLJ3PAVxmw  you are complicit to this no more warpigs have the power go take a nap im worr o ed about your cancer
This is pure inspiration! Suffer no fools!!! I couldn't be prouder!
Very accurate characterization...half baked, spurious nationalism that seeks to divide Americans
PUNCH him on the nose! Sir.
@Sassafras_Knob  All kind of crazy. I love America.
...as in NOT a globalist. Let's get that straight.
Well said, Sir.  Spot on.  Thank you for your service and leadership.
“Half-baked nationalism” or “duty to remain ‘last best hope in earth’”? How about c) None of the above. @ComeHomeAmerica
Then sir stop sending our young people to fight in your half baked wars.
Thanks for standing tall, John!
What a great man!!
OMG McCain nailed it! Not a big fan of his, but god love him -- he's going out with a bang.
thanks for speaking out. Hope you will continue to do so. Trump is a menace to our society.
And who's fault is it if you don't vote? Dihh
When there is an ash-heap of history, you'll be part of it, John. You and your ego prevented the erasure of liberalism to enjoy its favor.
You should condem her John
I gave you $200.00 in 08 & you lost because your ineptitude and because you are a tone deaf donor class stooge.  https://townhall.com/columnists/kurtschlichter/2017/09/25/conservative-inc-is-being-replaced-by-us-militant-normals-n2385943?amp=true …
Well said & well done sir. Thank you for your many years of service.
Still waiting on the actual dogmas that need retiring: The Abrahamic Trinity of impotence known as Monotheism.
Finally, someone articulate and honest.  Enjoyed your speech.  Thank you
We might disagree on issues and we agree on wanting to see US as a nation of hope and prosperity for all Thanks for your service.
