Feel so sorry for you #JudasMcCain so many bad vibes going towards you now your battle with cancer just got worse May God have mercy on you
Please don't say yes this time. Millions will be hurt.
you threw those of us suffering under Obamacare under the bus!! How about you pay all the fines we have to pay!!
You're a hero. Don't confuse things tho. Republicans have NO plan to expand health care access, improve outcomes, or make it more affordable
Please work with democrats to make the ACA work. Thank you for your service.
You have gone back on your promises. Now you are supporting a process with DEMS that will be more Govt in healthcare.
TheLastWord says McCain said specifically"wants regular order"and he"wants regular order"Also heard LG on phone about Ariz@airport& all Igot
You're a hero and have saved untold 1000's of American lives and many more financially. Remember that always
Yes @SenJohnMcCain u promised for MANY yrs to repeal and replace.Apparently u didn't mean it.Where I come from that's called a big fat lie.
One other thing you should consider Re; your No Vote;
My son pays $700 monthly premium with $12,000 deductible. Not fixed !
Senator, Americans struggling and failing to pay for their healthcare should be the guiding light for your vote. Relief won't be perfect.
MR MCCAIN THANK YOU FOR YOUR JUSTED AND THOUGHTFUL VOTE . MEN LIKE YOU ARE WHO AT 65 YEARS OLD I STILL INSPIRE TO BE LIKE
For those angry with Mr. John, he is still for getting rid of ACA, but not without PROPER discussion with all senators. Go cry Trumpsters
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You were all for a straight repeal during obummer, just for show, as you fondled his balls in the back room.
John McCain how about the big laugh you had with your Dimocrats friends last night saying let's see POTUS TRUMP Make America Great again now
Thank you for your vote, Senator McCain!
Thank you for standing up for what you believe and not just toeing the party line!

It's past time Dems wake up to reality that #Obamacare is a failure - I won't stop fighting to repeal & replace it
Thank you for doing the right thing. 
Thank you!
Thank you!  Maybe everyone can get together and fix the problems ...together...United
You did a great thing today. You saved so many lives. Thank you for standing up for the American people, regardless of party.
What happened to repealing it?  Retire!
Thank you, Senator for your vote and courage.
Yeah yeah yeah, you let the country down but why do you care? You are exempt from obamacare anyways! #getout
Repeal and replace obamacare was just a tactic for you and the other two senators to win elections. #truth
#Democrats cheering for #Americans suffering with high premiums and essentially NO #healthcare.
#skinnyrepeal 
@SenJohnMcCain -resign 
This bill would have increased premiums 20% and left 16M more uninsured.
BS. No more FORCED purchase means people WON'T purchase. Stop the LIES.
People who NEED healthcare would have serious, financially crushing premium and deductible increases. That's what counts.
You just described ME. Cancer patient/daughter with asthma. $1200/month. Pays for nothing but routine PC visits.
Send the bill to #JudasMcCain - very sorry for your struggle
Thank you. I'm not alone. :(
I'm about to spend over 20k on a treatment that may not even work not covered by insurance
.@SenJohnMcCain Then why didn't YOU vote FULL REPEAL when u had a chance?!! You're fooled by dems because u r one!!
Well let's make the changes that need to be made! Let's put people first!!
Thank you again for your service and vote! Hopefully the rest of the GOP took note of how putting people over party is done!
Way to let down hard working Americans to get that Soros money! #TraitorMccain
You have failed the American people time and time again. When will you actually do what you campaigned on? You are NOT a true conservative.
Reasonable. 
Senator, again you demonstrated courage and character standing up to your party that was voting yes on a bill that would do so much harm.
He voted with the Democrats...he is a #RINO
Meanwhile you're getting top notch non Obamacare Govt paid healthcare for your condition while millions continue to suffer under Obamacare..
Thank you.
Thank you Senator for helping to return to regular order. Together, God willing, the Senate can work to help the American people. Thank you.
Why not vote for a straight appeal yesterday?U put your dislike for POTUS ahead of your constituency. one step closer to single payer 
It did not “fall short.” Your vote defeated it. Interesting because you said you would support repeal and in fact voted for repeal before.
McCain violated his campaign promise to Arizona to vote for Obamacare repeal. #dishonest #SkinnyRepeal #corruption
Thank you for voting NO! Glad to see you put country before party.
Don't replace, improve.  Stop jerking us all around.
He chose America over party
Most can agree! This is a reasonable goal: "Increase competition, lower costs, and improve care..." We'll hold you to it Dems and GOP.
At this point it's hard to say if there's any way to increase competition. We may just need to go single payer and pay like a public utility
I agree on all your other points, though. Hopefully they do their job and fix the thing right.
Thank you sir
McCain you're a damn liar. Cemented your legacy tonight as the traitor you've been for decades.
You just did some 4-D chess maneuvers. I don't take back criticism, but man, that was a brilliant moment
Thank you for having the courage to put country before party!
Liar its on you feel free to pay my premiums and deductables...jerk
My apologies, Mr. McCain, for saying some horrible things about you earlier this week. Please forgive me. I
You're legacy is going to be as a traitor to your party. I hope it was worth it for you.
Amen
Trump treated this true American war hero so poorly Trump said he has lost so much he's forgotten how to win… How ironic #McCainForTheWin
I think it's great that the Dems are jumping to his defense. Totally proves my point. Have a good night Nancy.
when you get breast cancer, I'll be happy that my insurance pays for your treatment. Doubt you can say the same for me or anyone else
You're hate is the reason why this country is hated by many across the world.
You may be proud of yourself, but we aren't!  You failed the American people.  Beyond sad.
No, it fell short because of you. Plain & simple. You & the Democrats can celebrate now but we will remember this come #2018. #SkinnyRepeal
He screwed the American people! Are you on Obummercare @SenJohnMcCain
Nope, senators can opt out. But guess who can't?
#JudasMcCain IF you were on Obamacare or  under VA care you would have not betrayed America again your fate is sealed I will pray for you!
Please don't.
Thank you. Your yes votes confused us and disappointed many of us. But your vote tonight along your two strong female colleagues is historic
Historic is correct. #McCain will go down as a #RINO who betrayed his party. 
#TermLimits
#VoteMcCainOut
That becomes your problem   We happen to see things from a different angle. But at 82 I have a feeling he may not run again.
You are just another R.A.T. who needs to be voted out! Shame on you! U r a traitor to the American ppl! #TraitorMcCain #DrainTheSewer
Perfect Myca! Kudos
Thanks hun 

Thank you, we were all hoping you would come through for us 
Says a #NeverTrump #Resist from SF, CA.  Thanks for feeding the fu'kups McCain.
Yes I appreciate anyone who is actively looking out for the American people.. stay strong 
You'll get your recognition for being a good lapdog for the #resistance on @SenJohnMcCain tweet. He has WAY more lib followers than patriots
As will you from our current Criminal and Chief, that is until he decides you weren't loyal enough - good luck!
Lmfao, u call P-Tump a criminal,  yet dems r the 1s deleting information from computers, smashing phones, hard drives  & hard drives!
Difference being Dems are more than happy to have Hillary investigated...wait, she was already? Several times? And cleared of wrongdoing?
Nobody believes that - not even democrats.  Please stop...
You are on the right side of history.at a time when greed and hate took over your party, you had sense Thank you! Best wishes on your health
Thanks for being a leader Sen. McCain. Godspeed on your recovery.
No Sen. McCain you fell short. If you can no longer represent the people instead of yourself retire now.
Are you a democrat senator McCain?
Once again you have failed the American people. Fortunately you have excellent insurance paid for by the American taxpayer unlike Obamacare.
You're a hero.
and Only 3 of you had the GUTS & Common Sense Not to Screw the American People #ThatIsSad #USA #GOP
Thank you for putting people first.
Thank you for putting "the people" over "the party"!  
Best wishes for a speedy recovery -good health to you!
You don't need to repeal or replace anything. That's political mockery! You need to amend and improve! That's called PROGRESS! Godspeed.

You sir...fell short and LIED TO AMERICANS....LIAR
thank you for your courage to stand up for the right thing. Let's do this right.
Thank you sir. I guess you showed me & the other doubters that you WILL go out a freaking bad ass  hero! 
#SaveTheUSA
Thank you Sen McCain for your courageous lifesaving vote. Fitting it came during hero week. Bipartisan agreement needed. Your the man.
I'm voting republicans out.  Need independents... new blood... out with the old in with the new
I think you torpedoed it solely to make sure that they didn't come after your health insurance next.  #SinglePayerNow
Sell out.
Great job John! We need term limits
LIAR
Another lie! The "skinny" repeal failed because you @lisamurkowski lied to the voters to get elected. #ObamaCareRepeal
Pres Trump Called you out accurately!
Thank you Senator.
Proud of urself? I bet. YOU gave this couple no hope. Your time will come.
50-year-old parents jumped to their deaths from the 9th-floor window in NYC because they couldn't afford health care https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/07/28/new-york-city-couple-leaps-to-their-death-because-they-cant-afford-health-care/23054060/?a_dgi=aolshare_twitter …
I bet you don't have O-care or go to the VA-  u have always been in congress to serve yourself & your pet interest - retire
No it fell short because of your failure 2 participate in negotiations. Your legacy will be one of turning your back on small biz! #Shameonu
All you cared about was revenge on Trump. I can only hope you are recalled.
How could you? #RINO
#TraitorMcCain
Thanks #SongbirdMcCain
Very disappointed in u McCain. U could of #DefundPP - they cover up rape and kill kids. 500 Million goes to PP. Why not stop it?
You familiar with Byrd rule? This was realistically, the only way we could if dealt blow to ocare. You blew it sir. Please leave party.
Senator it failed because your a RHINO
When he needed conservatives votes McCain was preaching repeal & replace. He was always a RINO. 

Thank you young man you are a classy person praying for good health for you and your family
U failed the GOP, the people and our president. You lied
Wow! These comments are wack asf! How can y'all be mad with him and not every Republican in the Senate? Ya had 8 plus years (not 17)
Thank You for standing with the strong  GOP women and protecting Americans' healthcare. Looking forward to bipartisan repairs of ACA.
Thanks for your lifetime of service to our country especially in the midst of adversity.  You are a profile in courage and a true maverick!
You are a traitor. Millions of Americans are hurt with your No http://vote.You  sold us out. U can pay my insur. increase of $400!
Obamacare flat out failing is better than a repeal anyway.   In the meantime Mr. McCain is welcome to get a policy.
Delete your account and retire, sir. Your an american hero but no legislative hero to the people that elected you.
So what did the straight repeal bill fall short on? Nobody asked you to replace the bill, we voted for repeal! Let free market take over!
BS! If it passed it would go to conference and could have been a great bill if both chambers worked together. You just showed your colors.
It's sh*t like this you do which is why you lost 2000 and 2008.
What the hell do you know about promises? People that pay for YOURS and the democratic plan are HURTING us.
Those commie zipper heads really did a number on u back at the Hanoi Hilton. Sadly, I think the real #johnmccain died back in Hanoi. #sad
. Stick your show John!  
well yeah sure--- fell short cause you showed your true colors and sold out to the dimwits to get your pound of flesh on Trump. you are sad
Thank you for saving healthcare for the 16M of us that would lose it under the skinny repeal bill. #forevergratedul #rightsideofhistory
YOU need to be repealed & REPLACED you P.O.S.
rubbish. Tell the truth and shame the devil. An old Irish saying
The Democrats will NEVER approve any HC plan unless it grants control over all life-&-death decisions of every American!
The promise was repeal but you're a lying coward so not surprising.
Thank you sir, for your commitment to your uncompromising values and supporting the American peoples' rights to fair health care. God bless.
What's your plan? 7 years is not enough for an idea?  A smidgen of an idea?
Well,U left hard wroking, tax paying self emp w/NOTHING 4 the next few years. At least Skinny gave us a chance 2 work together NOW. Fix That
No Mr MCCain,you colluded with the left.  How much Soros $ did you receive. You lied to AZ voters
Then you should drop your govt health benefits and get on O,care, senator, with the rest of us. Then see if you change your mind!
I am Incredibly impressed by the bold bipartisan actions taken by @SenJohnMcCain. At least one Republican in Washington can keep US moving.
Thank you for standing up for what is right.  You are a true patriot,  The "healthcare reform legislation" did nothing to reform healthcare.
Senator I was moved by your return speech, your vote in the presence of such pressure shows statesmanship and integrity is not lost. TY
Be a leader Mr. McCain.  Support your President and get his agenda moving.  Let go the past and help move this Country forward
thank you for your 'NO'' vote! I hope the people you represent understand what you did for them! #countrybeforeparty!
You had to fuck every American before the Grim Reaper comes to pick you up huh?
Betray the people vote for him
Resign.  Get well.  Spend time with your family.   Thank you for your military service and bravery.
Sir, I have ALWAYS admired you;however, you have deeply disappointed me. My $1200/mo premiums are more than my mortgage.
You didn't do repeal & replace either.
I call BULLSHIT !!!
No room for dems in the GOP.
You fell short, and broke your promise you're nothing but a double talking Has Been you used to be a great Senator now look at you.
Um and the courage of @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins
You are full of it sir.  You are a backpedaling jealous political hack.
Thank you senator!
You really stuck it to the president John. I sincerely hope all goes well with your health but your vote punishes people already struggling
It failed because you went back on a promise you made repeatedly to retaliate against DJT because he hurt your feelings and bruised your ego
Senator McCain - Thank you for putting country before party. You saved lives with your actions. You are a hero!
Why don't you retire you've never cared for the Arizona people that live her. We need new Senators and Jeff Flake needs to go with you.
Pushes through and I feel the same way about last nights vote. Thank you and your 2 colleagues for standing for what's right in the face of
Good man @SenJohnMcCain
Maybe you should consider getting the insurance middlemen out of healthcare. They are not providers, but profiteers. #MedicareForAll
You may have promised it, Senator, but less than 20% were still in favor of the bill. Don't lose sight of that. Thank you for your no vote.
It is a long term battle.  Repeal what you can and go on.  You did it for spite of Conservatives and P45.
A donkey wearing a rhino skin pretending to be an elephant... https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
Thank you for standing up to the bullying. I'm all for reforming healthcare, but not at the expense of American lives. Thank you sir.
Stop making excuses.
SHAME ON YOU.MY PREMIUM HAS GONE UP BY 155%. DEMOCRATS ARE PRAISING YOU NOT BECAUSE YOU HAVE ANY GOOD PLAN, BUT BECAUSE YOU SAVED OBAMACARE.
Thank you for your vote placing the American people above Power and Party. Few on either side of the aisle have your courage of conviction.
Sir, can you say you support the IPAB?
Yes, sir! Thank you, sir, for your vote for all Americans
Shame on you
No sir, it fell short because You voted No!!!! You slapped America and the Republican Party in the face and then acted smug about it.  
Then work w GOO to MAKE IT A FULL REPEAL. Stop complainging and moaning and actually work! Dont pretend to be a republican&then side w dems
Your hero status ended with your first betrayal. Hurry up , hell is waiting.
Just another example of your failure as a Senator. You promised to repeal and you failed miserably. #GoAwayAlready
This is the most divided GOP ever . Maybe it's time to create another party.those that don't support the GOP but say they are conservative .
Let me ask you what type of insurance you have that will treat your medical issue John to a citizen  on ACA with the same issue.  Traitor
Thank you.
No it fell short because of your personal agenda.  Hopefully your policial career will fall short soon.  You let the american people down.
Your vote would have opened the table for a fruitful discussion across the aisle.  But YOU shut that down.
McCain you've sold us out.  You need to resign.   A traitor. A liar
You go to a VA hospital like you told our veterans, you shouldn't have special treatment! We want your exemption REVOKED!

#thankyou I appreciate you putting #arizona first
Go retire already. You sold out the ppl of America, you rotten old man!
McCain for recall.  You have failed us again.  You are nothing but a democrat and not worthy of the position you are occupying. Please go!
Thank you sir....
Soon, karma!
Thank you Senator McCain. You are a true Patriot American. You will go down as one of our biggest American heros.
You fell short traitor.
