Why aren't you doing sanctions against Saudi Arabia who is footing the bill for ISIS? Human rights violations startling! @GOP over country!

we are proud of you dear senator
We are proud of a hero who stands with the people and is against human right abuse & execution. Feel very fortunate to know a hero
ITs cowards in DC that make Russia do what they do.they know you're all hot air and wont do shit.....TODAY WAS PROOF OF THAT.......HOT AIR!
You have become unbearable
Have you called your good friend and contributor Paul Manafort lately?
You are a perfect example for twerk limits
How about you STAND UP for 800,000 AZ residents who are going to be charged $25,000/yr healthcare?? Find your spine, VOTE #CountryOverParty
Can't stand John McCain
But by all means on #Russia. Just go to town on sanctioning the crap out of them for interfering with our elections.
But 45 wants to lift all those sanctions as he and tillerson can then get to russian oil
HEY AZZ HOLE EVERYTHING U CLAIM IS EXACTLY WHAT U & ALL UR FELLOW DEM R GUILTY OF! KEEP SOUNDING OFF AS SOON U WILL B HANGING FROM ROPE~AZZ
Saudi Arabia has real influence over US politics, not Russia. We know what Saudis did on 9/11. Has anything changed? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuPfgoWQZWc …
As if Russia needs us. Sanctions s....agreeing to do nothing. Something government is good at. No success there.
You're incoherent.
We say this again @SenJohnMcCain is a coward and a traitor to our country. He is complicit and defends the interest of Vladimir Putin.
There is no evidence they interfered with our elections. Why don't you either become a democrat or retire. You are an embarrass as a RINO
No need for sanctions....the GOP just needs integrity....fire your President...he is not mine
Maybe the world should start sanctioning you arming terrorists, after @POTUS  visits #SaudiaArabia  your minions start terrorising the world
How much money did your SuperPacs take in from Russia during last election? @SenateMajLdr took $2.5 million. Doesn't this concern you?
I would call for a delay to sanctions on Iran, show a little empathy for the brutal terrorist attack that just occurred days ago.
@SenJohnMcCain Clinton isn't under investigation Bc Trump benefitted from #Trumprussia & 45's peeps met secretly w/Russians . U know this!!!
Why don't U asked your fellow GOP members to get it together better. Dem's kiss each others backside as they bow to socialist causes.
Russia Russia Russia and go party with ukrainians on New Year's Eve with your buddy Graham!!!
You have got to retire
You don't like the backlash on here so u say your question when above our heads? What did the ring taste like when you slobbered on it?
What the hell's the matter with you? Taxes & Healthcare, John! Work on Taxes & Healthcare! #WakeUpAmerica @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Please don't cover up for your party.
All talk; no action. Just resign and go play golf with Trump
At least someone is worried about Russia!
McCain are you still there?
Sponsored by general dynamics, halliburton and blackwater..we been at war 15 yrs just stop already
Russia Russia Russia
I've this gut feeling that it's personal revenge.1who hold personal grudges will neither achieve spiritual peace nor will he adv far in life
RINO.
PLEASE SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN CALL TOMORROW AND HELP US AIRMAN ANDREW CARTER! EVERYTHING YOU NEED IS IN YOUR INBOX!!!
Put some real words into real action on Russian sanctions! If you allow 45 to have  spies back on US soil, this is nothing but hot air
O corse you know IRAN is fight Isis to the death
Time for fake prez to resign.
How about a tax cut, Or removing heavy financial burden OCare puts on us instead of blustering on and on about Russians. Please Retire
Let us know when you actually get something done on this bruh. Discussion isn't good enough.
Which fake news station , CNN, PSMBC, ABC, CBS, or NBC ? I'll make sure I tune out to your Bull Crap .
Thanks for the warning comrade McCain.
RUSSIA!!!!
Wht do you want to force Iran to develop nuclear weapons?
Sir, when does concerned, uneasy, and troubled turn into action for you? #trumprussia #ImpeachTrump #impeachment #ObstructionOfJustice
Everything trump does is always "disturbing" this rino loves this word sick of this guy!
We dont want the embassy houses given back to Russia..we don't want any Russians here in MD. & N.Y. & more sanctions for everything  Russia
We now see just how full of it McCain had been re Russia talk.
McCain asks Coats to comment on "integrity" of Washington Post. Coats says don't take all WaPo reporting at face value. This is oversight?
This guy is supposedly a war hero but let vets die in the va in Phoenix Arizona this traitor is the senator of Arizona!
Retire McCain...we don't want your politics
Why are you not coming out as democrat John? @seanhannity 
@FoxNews @Circa @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC  @HouseGOP
How anyone on McCains twitter can support this rino is mind blowing didn't want this open border turncoat to run for president in '08
Mr.McCain you are a hero but now you stink
McCain is always shitting on conservatives only thing worse than a liberal progressive democrat is a rino
Your parties @POTUS @realDonaldTrump can be difficult and fussy so here's an article that might help
Stronger Russian sanctions? Start with your president. 
You are part of the swamp! Drain is getting closer. You were elected by the people did you forget?
I expect u to ask comey about unmaskings and 2 produce his notes on lynch and clinton. Who ordered the unmaskings. Flynn was a patriot, sad!
Flynn is a traitor you fool.
DO NOT VOTE FOR the healthcare bill!!

IMPEACH incompetent bigoted trump
What is wrong with asking for loyalty? U have the FBI directly that obviously hates trump . No notes w Obama and yet that doesn't concern u?
U r a trump hater and for u to not have a problem w Comey is appalling. Trump should have fired him on day 1
Good lord can you not focus on anything else
A dozen people killed in terrorist attack in #iran amd u want to kill more with sanctions. Your training is complete.
why don't you get with and work with Russia to destroy radical ISLAM ?
The AMA and aha which represent doctors and hospitals is against the ahca. That should be a red flag and vote no
John vote NO on ahca it will leave 400k Arizonans without coverage
Sounds good.  T won't go for it.  Too busy returning spy houses
Please call your office and ask to he read info re Airman Andrew Carter. His time is almost gone!!!!
No respect for him.  Can't stand his voice.
He's 80 years old..been a senator since 1987..30 years..AND he is the epitome of why our nation needs TERM LIMITS for members of Congress!
Agree on Term Limits., we have to get loud as Americans make changes for our kids and grandkids.  daughter drives me nuts at times also.
Sadly..it's something that EVERYONE promises..but NONE are able to deliver on. It's actually a big endeavor to undertake. Needs an Amendment
Please!  Trump is selling out America to Putin. He's a traitor.
The Potus is alleged to have committed obstruction of Justice by the former Director of the FBI. When are you going to call for Impeachment
Please produce the evidence of obstruction. Wait there's not any
You sir are a c*Unt.  If you would have beaten obama you wouldn't have this massive inferiority complex.
This entire website is filled with your broken campaign promises - The only sanction that's going to happen is you not being re-elected ...
Thanks for putting country over party
How about working on obama care or tax cuts  things that will have a quick impact on ppl life's in a good way?
Additional ##Russia sanctions, correct? Not a roll back!!
For the sake of the republic Please keep standing up for the truth in the face of this intolerable deceit. All will be judged eventually
Jobless or just a sore loser?
Kick Russia out of the White House! Patriots love the USA and constitution over party and money. 
That was #Hillary and she is gone
Yeah,everything is so much better now 
Tôi muốn xử phạt bạn.
Impeach Trump!!
Give it to Putin and RU big time, Senator!
Do make sure you eat well, sleep well, take your vitamin supplements as you will need to. Good luck and please represent our country.
Yes!!
Clean Russia out of the Oval Office too, please.
We need to sanction the president and Republican party. If you were honest you would call for a new election via constitutional amendment.
Russia successfully subverted our democracy and installed a useful idiot. The remedy is a new election. Country over party.
Can we do the right thing and give it a day on #Iran with terrorist attack today. Take the high road. We can go right back at it on Monday.
Sir - I know you know this but the order of importance is Honor, Family, Country .......Political Party is waay down the list
I guess you can live in your own reality. The saying is God, family, country, Corp.
STHU, you TRAITOR!!
I have my differences with McCain.but he is not a traitor!
I decide who's a traitor. And a look-alike. And an imposter.
Just heard your going to retreat hosted by Mitt Romney along with Paul Ryan, John MCCain and Joe Biden is the guest speaker?!#crookedlyin

You become more irrelevant with each passing day that you are not working on President's agenda.
Stay strong Senator. We need your heavy hand to push back against our enemies who have attacked us!
More Russian Sanctions*
Time to retire SQUIRREL Cheeks
You are the only Republican with the spine, much appreciation for me
