Goddamned liar.
You're an embarrassment to all Arizonans. 

https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/891069999821017088/video/1 …
He is a disgrace to the many Americans and has so shame for making the people have to pay large amts for awful ins. Vote these traitors out
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? Obamacare is DEAD!! DO YOUR JOB AND REPEAL AND REPLACE this horrible Bill forced on all Americans.  DO THE RIGHT THING.
Deceitful, Despicable, anti-American scum
pleases don't put McCain in the same house with Dispicables. They are good people.?!
I am sooo sorry, I meant DEPLORABLES . McCain is Dispicable. Sorry.
Fair enough
Fixed is NO Gov $$ Kickbacks, Interstate Free Markets 4 Premiums/Deductibles & Services. Tort Reform 4 Dr, Clinic & Hospital Premiums!
A good read!

IMO- It's Unconstitutional requiring you pay a HUGE tax, if you cannot afford the "Affordable Care Act"!
You need to give it up. You are behaving so badly
As long as McCain Collins murkowski are holding the Senate hostage the American people are hurting
“It is unfortunate that one Senator chose to block a bill so vital…”. 
-Sen John McCain 

http://waynedupree.com/john-mccain-angry-rand-paul-blocked-his-ndaa-as-he-left-town-for-cancer-treatments/ …
@SenJohnMcCain , REPEAL AND REPLACE as promised.
So sad, angry old bitter man
Then fix it, another politician who says  one thing "repeal and replace' and then does the opposite, all lies!
The government sucks at health care. Look at the VA.  I hope you are not going there for your medical care
RINO hypocrite. He raised money and campaigned for years on repeal.  You have a meeting and we don't want to keep you
RETIRE we will never trust you again. you lied to many times. & took healthcare from the people. but notice you will have urs. God help us
You ran on fighting Obamacare, now you want to save it.

You are a wretched fraud.
I thought you  ran on repeal and replace.? We were lied too about obama care   it wasn't suppose to be a tax  and that's EXACTLY what it is
Your "no" vote on repeal & replace of Obamacare has disgraced you! Am sorry I voted for you in 2012.
Why did you lie to your constituents?
He ran on being a Democrat in Republican's clothing. @SenJohnMcCain is nothing but a liberal stooge!
Proud of you Senator McCain! Very proud!
Wrong! Throwing taxpayers money at it while forcing some to buy what they can't afford or face jail time is NOT fixing it.
#SongbirdMcCain :

You need to retire, we've had enough of you're obstruction and hatred of @POTUS 

#MAGA 

~~
Those who truly love USA
Last time it was " I'll lead the charge to repeal ObamaCare" which is it McCain ? Nobody's listening anymore ....you sucker punched us !
Congress broke the law when they designated themselves a small business to rid themselves of ACA mandate. U should ALL be on it w no subsidy
Really wanna show conviction? Sign up for an O-care exchange while you take on cancer.
Why did you campaign on repealing it? Good luck in the Democrat primaries.
Did you vote to allow Cong/Sen an opt out of ACA and be granted tax payer subsidies?! If so you're a hypocrite trying to force it on us!
The only people who like ACA are the ones who get it free while the rest pay 11k deductibles..it dsn't even qualify as insurance
Why are you calling it Obamacare?! It's called Affordable (joke) Care Act. Obama is not taking care of us. we are with our tax dollars!
Old POS needs to step down, get out...
Senator,  y'all have had 7 years to have a repeal and replace program ready to go.  You should chose obamacare for yourself and family.
Mr. McCain, with all respect to your service to this country thank you, but now you are single handedly screwing Republicans. Please stop.
If you are so enthralled with Obamacare why don't you & the rest of your libturd democrats subscribe to it Johnny you are the problem in DC
Flip Flopper!
Why dont you first subject yourself & your fellow sen/reps to this crappy law?
HOW DARE YOU! YOU SAID REPEAL TO GET RE-ELECTED. We LOVE our President. 
Once a traitor always a traitor, lied to AZ. #voteMcCainOut #recall
How long have you been in the Senate? You ran on a dump O'care http://platform.Now  what has changed?Dem in sheeps clothes...just go away
If you know how.  You had eight years to fix it.
We are done listening to your lies.  Go ahead and retire or die, we don't really care which one at this point.
It shouldn't be, we want to repeal and replace with nothing. We need a return to free market principles
Why is yours any better than the others.?  #arrogant #termlimits
Time for you to switch parties...  You promised Repeal And Replace NOT fix....
Let 3 large insurance companies merge from all existing ones
Let them compete in every state. Subz poor to pick 1,
The best "GOP" Senator that Soros' money can buy. 

How can such a free state like AZ be fooled so badly by you and Flake? SMH
sick of u just be a democratic already
Wow....  so basically he lied for the last 6 years.... I despise politicians.
Just wondering John, can Arizona fix your shapeshifting problem while fixing obummer care too?
2018 coming and America is paying attention.
Traitor
So over 100% increases is fixed? Only Rich Swamp Politicians talk like that.
Yes #Obamacare can be fixed for good.
#GetOut @SenJohnMcCain and @SenateGOP #RINO's who voted with @SenateDems.
egomaniac who likes to spend taxpayers money...gottta go McSwain
Oh, so NOW you want to fix Obamacare? RINO backstabber and grandstander. You couldn't fix a drinkable cup of coffee in the Senate right now
#FixingIt, in his eyes, involves keeping it the way it is...
WE THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR PRES TRUMP!!!   NOT BARRY OR KILLARY. SUPPORT TRUMP OR BE CHALLENGED!!!   WE R DONE WITH ALL THE CORRUPTION AND LIES
Pos rino whio been there for all 20 trillion n 11 million illegals. POS!!
We voted for because you said you would REPEAL! You are a LIAR!
You disappointed this 30 yr veteran with your lies and about face on the last ACA vote. Time for you to retire.
U DO have a spine afterall! U stood up to ur Party & voted with integrity. More of this please! #countryoverparty
Sure John, just make all the moochers pay their OWN premiums & they can go bankrupt w the rest of us.Meanwhile YOU have AWESOME ins
Only thing you know is what Obama tells you to know, rino
Repeal & Replace. People in AZ voted for that
That's not what we voted for
Will you be using Obamacare yo cover your medical treatment? Or are you going to wait on line at the VA? NO?? Then shut up
Arizona voted for a turncoat like you and Jeff FAKE Flake.. I have zero confidence in Arizona's ability to do anything right based on this
You are a #Dem
Join there team
Traitor three times over
Repeal, do not replace.
FO treasonous coward,  the American people are so fed up with your BS. Haven't changed at all since Vietnam
#songbird
Jackass
Awesome! A common sense approach.
Sorry John, I think it's tIme for you to hang up the spikes.  You are doing a disservice to your state and the country. You are not POTUS
Arizona despises you
Go Away!!!
The only folks smiling were @TheDemocrats & the other @GOP dwarfs. You don't smile or celebrate a regretable decision even when it's made.
Hey bozo, we want it repealed & replaced, did you not get that? You should be disqualified as a senator and give an actual American ur seat!
We don't want it fixed you trader. We want it repealed, all of it.
Ok, Where is it?  The fix I mean.  I live in Tucson and I haven't seen shit from you.
Sell out
Despicable.
Screw you. #Treason #LockHimUp Pay my $451 a month premium a$$hole
You ran on repeal, that did not happen because of you. American people are hurting under ACÁ, and you are a fool.
Bs as usual and you know it too traitor. #FakeWarHero
Traitor! You campaigned on repeal, remember. Now you have stabbed the backs of those who voted for you. POS
REPEAL IT!
You promised repeal (liar), now you want to "fix" Obamacare? Help #MAGA by retiring, not more lies, coward!
With all due respect Sir, you ran for re-election on repealing and replacing Obamacare. What are you doing? Does your word mean anything?
Go away McCain.  Get your ass on Obama care and see how you like it.
You lied!
If Arizona knows how, why the hell have you waited 7 freaking years? You are part of the problem and we don't believe you any longer.
You're a #mentallyill #traitor. The country will be better off when you are gone. #Narcissist #Loser
Funny.  "Fixing" Obamacare is not what you ran on in your last election.
We do not want Obamacare fixed.  We want Obamacare repealed.  GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE!  What's the matter with you!?
Tired of your lies and obstruction. Resign you miserable hack.
"Fixing" was never a GOP promise. We gave the GOP power based on promised repeal you liar. You perpetrated a fraud on the GOP electorate.
It's not like ACA is his insurance provider! Hypocrite. What have you McCain ever known abt being strapped for cash or without insurance?
Please retire.
Brain cancer is a good reason to retire.
We don't want a fix!  America is tired of your crap. Repeal and replace!
Keep leading the GOP establishment off the cliff..GO JOHNNY GO!
You're a Fraud #ToOldToDumbRetire
Nope! It can't! All you know is the swamp!

You are 7 years too late. Time to move on & listen to your people. Listen to your people. Listen to your people.Listen. Listen.Stop & listen
U need 2 follow WV governor & switch to the Republican Party Mr. McCain. I would think youre tired of being a dem & cheating AZ & USA!
You're the pig in this scenario.
First step, primary your buddy Flake.  You promised repeal. You lied. There's no fixing that.
Is this actually McCain tweeting. If it is, you just need to shut up ! You are a treacherous person !!
term limits .. MCCain has long over stayed his welcome .. retire in AZ and get a good rocking chair
Obamacare is dead, just like your brain. Let it go Traitor, we will let Asswipe Obamacare implode. It's almost there. No more subsidies !!
You have made a fool of your state one time too many!!
Another instance of a senator not paying attention to his constituents. McCain you are on your way out one way or the other AZ dosent want U
Foolish, foolish man. You have lost all credibility & integrity. You betrayed America and laughed at us to rub it in even more. Happy now? 
You lied to get elected..you said Repeal & Replace...NOT REPAIR..we don't need phonies!!!
We do not want your Obama Care.  We want you to let Trump do his job.  Stop obstructing!!  You are a hypocrite!
Not With you in office it can't
WE in AZ don't want a FIX of Obamacare! We want Repeal and return to the market place for ins. Tort reform, work with Ins CO's who get rich!
So you lied about repealing it when you were running for re-election.  You're just like all the other politicians.  Lie to win.
Just how many insurance companies have boosted your campaign funds, John?
Please do not go back to Washington you have done so much damage to this country over the years. You are not needed
Yeah. Replace McCain.
Shut up McCain and go away
with UR betrayal of the American people, and a few of your cronies as well, U've ushered in the end of the Rino Rep party, GOOD RIDDANCE!
Obamacare/health ins thru work now unaffordable 4me Get h/care at VA now &hope 4best No Mayo Clinic 4me T/Y Sen McCain
BS TRAITOR. Why don't you just go enjoy life and your family now??
No! ObamaCare can't be fixed. 
It can only be given tax dollars to be single payer.
In fact we reject u switch parties or retire songbird
I want free market insurance. I want choice. I want better price. I don't want government socialized medicine! Repeal Obamacare you traitor!
You are a disappointment,,but then you have the best healthcare,,don't you,
In the best interest of the American people, please enjoy the remainder of life as a civilian.  (That means step down in polite terms).
No longer a patriot. You are now just an angry, little old man. Retire!!!

Why don't you share THIS with the people of Arizona.
How big a contribution did you get to hype this piece?  #senateprostitute
@SenateGOP this #RINO Lied to Voters! He is delusional when he prides himself as a Hero. He sold out Voters & is Bought/Paid by Soros
Az can be fixed by removing and replacing its RINO Senators. Just wait..
Just go away. You are jealous of our president and betraying America to get even.
You know nothing John McCain.
Please enjoy your family for the last few months you have. Government doesn't need you anymore. America will be so much better without you..
I can't wait for congress to be forced into Obamacare, it'll be "fixed" REAL quick
MCCAIN IS A LYING SOB
No Senator McCain. You don't waste $$ money fixing a useless program. You throw it out and start over!!
I don't trust you
Only a career hack would lie for 7 years then think he is some kind of fucking hero for siding with insurance companies. Vote him out!!
I believe you would do anything to bring our President down, you have letAmericans down
We don't want it fixed. Stay home.
You, McCain, know nothing. This is just another one of your lies or maybe dementia has set in with your brain cancer. Fix that.
No thanks , RIP
Congress is the most ignorant, arrogant, self-serving asswipes on the planet. They can't fix anything. Get OUT of our healthcare... period!!
Yeah, CONGRESS! Get out of America! Do you have beyond a first grade grasp of how our government works? Or are you craving a dictatorship?
You are a pathetic excuse for a rep and US servicemen, you would rather see this country weakened and in danger than support @POTUS.
Support our President and stop being a sore loser.

Just retire
