Focus on Russia and not ripping health care from thousands of the constituents who put u in DC. Be responsible
if nothing changes then thousands will still lose their health care. Any better suggestions ?
If the GOP passes it as proposed, MORE will lose healthcare + Medicare.
How about a bipartisan health care bill!
Sad era where entrenched sides want all or nothing.  And 'nothing' is a win for the Tea Party & Freedom Caucus. Abdication of governance.
#announceyourretirement
Big deal, no one is listening.
Blah blah blah Look at me!!!  Listen to me!!! I'm enlightened - I deserve to make millions off your taxes with my words & inaction
Yawn
we wish for you to be gone from the White house.Your a closet democrat out to bring the president down.We are on to you and your corruption
How about bipartisan healthcare? Don't pass that horrible legislation &Then exempt yourself from it
Bipartisanship died with Sam Nunn and Scoop Jackson. Now it means giving in to Warren,Sanders,Franken and other radical lefties. Be strong !
Lead by example and put country over party - support an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia and vote NO on TERRIBLE #Trumpcare
Thanks for nothing. You should have retired.
When you say "political gridlock" you mean the various factions of the Republican Party. Correct?
Atta boy.....nice to see the adults leading
HEY JOHNNY REB>>REACH ACROSS THE AISLE AND STROKE-A-FRIEND' DIC
fake news
GOP is not going to get out of this gridlock with the person who is creating it still in office. When are you going to #ImpeachTrump?
Care to speak on the GOP president colluding with the enemy? #NoMaverick #NoHero
Can either side compromise for the good of the majority of the American people?
I will be cutting my neighbors grass. And anyone else.  Retire John, you are irrelevant. More to Russia
Good luck on that budget with the man child for a boss And the greed that is taking over the Republican party sadly from all th billionaires
Lol. You Democrats always say that when you are in the minority
Why hasn't Kushner's security clearance been revoked 4 mtg w foreign govt to effect our election & lying about it? #trumprussia #complicit
Your POW experience was good training for this-best of luck, nice to see someone staying focused on political leadership.
WE NEED BIPARTISAN CONFRONTATION OF TRUMP TOO! he's running our nation and you sit quietly and enable.  SAY AND DO THE RIGHT THING!!!
Choose your damn country for once!
I don't always agree with you, but you are a good dude. Thanks for standing with America and not the Trump mafia.
F U
It must be horrible to have your party high jacked by a traitor! Do something!
How about the rich pay their fair share! Starting with Trump!
#bipartisanship #HealthcareBill
Really? With all due respect, please get healthcare and tax cuts done. Ur  constant comments against POTUS are sad.
Watch an old man try to find his lost relevance on the Senate floor TONIGHT. You're our Ted Kennedy. #NOTacompliment
Stop voting with @GOP and watch how freaking fast things get done. Constipated @SenateMajLdr is not your pimp. Repeat. Not your pimp #resist
Speak about the need to enforce our laws and uphold liberal democracy by removing the criminal administration, then we can work on governing
All of these Russia tweets are coming from MSM propaganda. Pls focus on repealing the ACA train wreck that's hurting US families.
How about just saying "no" to the charade of "improving" healthcare and acknowledge that your plan will harm millions of Americans.
How about bipartisan investigations on Russia!
At this moment in time you're worried about a budget? Do something sir. Your party on your watch.
Everytime u pull this cooperation crap, you diminish your own party. Stop trying to build bonds with Dems and begin forging them with us!!
You're a dinosaur in power and not in touch with our own constituency. U can't save the world,but u can save the party. Join Trump & succeed
There's important things to get done,  and you're adding you the resistance cause
How about you stop trying to coddle the likes of Shumer, Pelosi and Waters. And work with your own party. You are a swamp creature.
John to help the gridlock you should switch to your true party, either Liberal or Democrat. You creating as much resistance as them
Start with bipartisan health plan!! I don't understand GOP aversion to working with Dems on improving ACA? Selfishly puzzling!!!
Why don't we talk about the tax cut you want to give to big biz who do not pay their fair share now? Only 10% of total tax revs.
And which way were you running on the Forrestal when the deck crew was running to save your fellow aviators and ship?
You are the leak
Social Security is ridiculous. PPL can't live on it. Maybe if they commit a crime like the DT administration, they should get a pass too!
John... don't say gridlock. Please. It was a meme before ther were any memes and didn't play well then.  Maybe ask Rogerts for another word?
Impeach Trump and give us Pence please. 

#PeoplePreferPence
Uh, how@about bipartisan healthcare agreement?? Please stand up and block a terrible bill.
Senator, could you also talk about bipartisanship on the Russian investigation, sanctions, and preventing them from flooding into the USA?
-This is no poor ukrainian cheap show, whereas they were revealed spying fully at Svalbard. 
Poland is next to involve in UA.
It would be great for each party to not spend 4 yrs trying to undo what the last party did. Find SOME common ground SOMEWHERE. Please! Sir.
Forrestal, tailhook, Keating 7, 894/899, little men in glass houses and throwing stones don't mix.
Craft a bipartisan budget then.
-Pelosis in cocaine-scandal are over and dead.. DNC as is, dead.
How will you ever get a bipartisan agreement if you use reconciliation for anything?
okay, but do your GOP colleagues agree?  I see little evidence of it based on #BCRA which is harmful & offensive to American people.

-you get this: your negotiations are over..your debts killed you.
Do you Understand?
Get rid of nazis, afroislams, ukrainers2
FEEL SO BAD FOR U. WHAT A BUNCH OF BANANAS IN THE WHITE HOUSE. DRIP DRIP DRIP
Oh.. the way the Democrats included us in their budget process. You morons just keep bowing into the wind. No pride  at all.
No thanks Songbird if I want hear any singing I will buy à canary...
-...OOOO....until the fuckers are dead or jailbirds. 
'The Sucking Economy'. 
Tell them to: 
Suck Hitler's dickie as well..
If you want to be taken seriously you must speak LOUDER re DT's lies/totalitarian actions. You've been dancing around for too long Senator..
-Behaviour is EXACT AS IN UA AND SOVIET...
Every year it will be the same Lewinsky & clinton's  ---OOOO---
'The Sucking Econ'
Quite dicking around and impeach this clown NOW
too bad the public can't watch. feel like i live in russia no access to what is going on just what you want us to know where is the access?
Gridlock? You misspelled "far-right coup." I'd prefer honest gridlock.
How about a bipartisan removal of Kuschner?  He lied on his security paperwork X's  3!   FIX the ACA.
I'm really surprised this RINO hasn't tried to get @POTUS impeached.
Seriously- you are part of the gridlock sir.
What about demanding bi-partisanship on the healthcare bill that's literally going to effect every person in the entire country?
The GOP declared war on the Obama Democrats and used gridlock as their primary weapon. Now you want bipartisanship?

It's going to be the only thing to create SUSTAINABLE HEALTH CARE BILL- stop being children & start working together!
When it comes to history, you will be one of the people saluted as saving our Democracy.  Life long Dem here says thank you.
You should be speaking about the travesty that is Trumpcare and the travesty that is Trump.
I know a bipartisan agreement you could work on. Getting rid of the grifter and traitor who is currently invading a stolen White House.
-But if mentioning Monica Lewinsky & Clinton, where in the economy they held sucking activities...they might react! A win-win
Do you know what day it is?
Sen. McCain; You should be working on getting Republican consensus for the H/Care Bill.
Bipartisan? Give me a break obstruction ist! Soros is in ur pocket. Disgusting
Regarding bipartisan budget: don't follow trumps budget outline for a start...
-Sorry said, you are talking to people not understanding a shit of it. It gonna start being reality as when No salary arrives
Please do something about removing Trump from the WH. Thank you.
Impeach Trump. He has lied repeatedly to the American people, and on matters far worse than Clinton. You've served your country, do it again
Please, help us impeach Trump.
Good luck since most Republicans don't want to play in the same sandbox with Democrats.
They only want to sabotage the sandbox. Hypocrites take dirty politics to a whole new level never seen before. Period.
Republicans like it better when you speak on the senate floor, rather than to @CNN & @MSNBC every 5 minutes. Mmkay. Thanx.
Illegitimate @GOP executive branch, morally bankrupt healthcare policy, illegitimate S.C. appointment...

#BlueWave
Corrupt Attorney General,  Corrupt Sec of Education, Corrupt HHS sec, Corrupt Sec. Of State, need I go on?
Oh yeah  Foreign agent as NatSec advisor..

#slowclap #slowclap

@HouseGOP @SenateGOP  have a lot to answer for..

@FBI
#winning #nottiredofityet
It is never going to happen!! Be like dems, winner takes all
All focus should be on how to rid America of this treacherous, Russia-loving president. Be a true patriot please!
Traitor!!!
No one listens to you anymore John, just RETIRE already
No ban
No wall
Healthcare for all!
That should be a rap song
Not if it includes money for a useless wall. Mexico is supposed to pay for that.
If you want bipartisan agreement start with #impeachtrump
Considering @GOP doesn't want that, that would (by definition) not be bipartisan
Shut up McCain. Is this what you fought for? Is this what you think of our country? ...Allowing this traitor to continue playing POTUS?
you dont know the meaning. why dont you run as a democrat thats what you are.
Screw the budget, screw infrastructure, screw everything till we get the Rus problem worked out! Democracy first, budget later! Please!
SHOULD HAVE WORKED TOGETHER AT START AND NOT PLAYED GAMES THIS IS NOT NORMAL POLITICS
If GOP can't admit  Trump corruption in front of their faces, how do you expect them to agree with you on a budget? 
- a fellow Republican
The gridlock is within your party and being aided and abetted by the fascist presidency. You have to take action against despot to resolve
That's great. It's needed. You should also press for articles of impeachment, that is something else this country needs. A stable leader.
It would help if GOP asked dems some thoughts about health care to start...
Sir, @HouseGOP party needs to understand that zero trust=zero agreement. Deal w/ @potus, country before party and things will move again!
Your libtard pals on the other side
Bipartisan takes dems, all the reaching across the aisles from clowns like YOU, McConnell, Graham and other has done nothing but embolden
Ensure that American companies have security, infrastructure, healthy and well prepared workers, then set tax levels to balance the budget.
Collusion. Get Em John!
K. Well ...um.. what about the elephant in the oval room?
How about a bipartisan agreement to dethrone Trump?

Throw something in there about Russian collusion.  You know , just for fun.
Maybe there are bigger fish to fry right now. Do the right thing
We need it! Thanks Senator McCain.
You need a straight jacket u traitor
Try speaking about the morally indefensible Trumpcare bill #saf urge all senators to vote NO @JeffFlake
Spend some time impeaching Trump. He is a threat to our national security.
We must start with a bipartisan effort to get at the truth about #RussiaGate .  Start the Senator
Your gridlock is directly to the WH. How about addressing the 'russian' in the room. Then maybe our country can move forward. Until then...
We need congress to quit fighting. If you want bipartisan cooperation get rid of McConnell & Ryan and put in people who will work with  Dems
How about coming to a bipartisan agreement on Donald Trump?
Um. Ok. You talk a good game, but rubber stamp anything Republican. Not exactly bipartisan.
Business as usual until the next shoe drops, at which point it will be business as usual.  Such a patriot!
why don;t you recede from attempting to rule the planet earth and see how much money there is to spend on things useful to the Citizenry
That's a big waste of time in the current enviroment. Tho I do applaud your effort to try.
McCain met with the Russian he's attacking @DonaldJTrumpJr for meeting with
So what
Why don't you just switch parties.
Anything else???
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
The push for a bipartisan repair of the ACA grew over July recess. This week, we must fight to hold onto it.

: https://5calls.org/issue/recQw2GwWXarN99gs … 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
1/ I haven’t tweeted much about healthcare because it’s a painful subject for me. But it’s important, so let me tell you my story 
No one wants to hear from a traitor !
