In other words, John McCain's globalist donors who profit using cheap illegal immigrant labor dislike borders.
much better to exploit foreign labor at and then implement negative interest rates because there are no jobs or inflation
If this is true @SenJohnMcCain needs to resign immediately http://truepundit.com/exclusive-white-house-fingers-john-mccain-as-media-leak-believes-u-s-senator-eavesdropped-on-trumps-classified-phone/ …
Hillary Clinton friend Lynn Forester deRothschild (Economist publisher)is a trustee of the Saudi funded John McCain Institute
.   If u have solutions where are the bills you & the other RINOS have talked about for 8 years? Do it or get out of the way!
RINO RICO! #AmericanTraitor
So what are you going to do about it? Lots of words, but not a single action to stop Trump. Time to put country over party.
maybe we don't need ur defense spending then

= delusional liberal
understand this; illegals don't pay taxes because you need a Social Security card. Companies do not hire criminals.
This has nothing to do with immigration or illegals.  This is an import tax.
last time you had a chance (2006) to do something you did nothing. Typical all talk, no action career politician.
now we are ruled by entrenched oligarchs lecturing us about "american interests" as defined by them, above our own
why are you compromised? Stop leaking vital security intel. You are the leak. America knows it. McCain for Prison
Compromised by dark secrets & Soros $.This is what the CIA/NSA have created. Blackmailed puppets. Must end it!
Poor senile John doesn't remember his terrible campaign.
You poison the Senate
What a shame to live such a heroic life only to die allowing a madman to ruin what u fought for. You have the power! Use it!
we used to be a community with common interests, represented by government
Where is Trump's cabinet?  The GOP is in charge and has the nuclear option and is dragging their feet.  Go to work.
more self interested propaganda from the same oligarchs that predicted doom upon brexit and trumps election
Give me a break. Compare exporting a car to Japan or EU vs to US. Just exempt all food & food ingredients!
you RHINOS don't represent me. Especially establishment Republicans like you! YOU ARE THE ESTABLISHMENT!! You own it!
Wall Street Journal is fake news. Just ask Pewdiepie. @pewdiepie
What happened to you and @LindseyGrahamSC and Russia .. it's like you dropped it .. well we aren't; we haven't; we won't.
You are hosting a town hall 2,300 miles away from your constituents. LOL
Do the alt-left liberal democrats have video/audio of you doing things you shouldn't? Is that why u work for them?
What the hell is wrong w/ you insulting our POTUS & country while overseas? You Are Not Our President CryptKeeper!
you are evil

Reitre as we can forgive u 4 having mental issues but subversion against @realdonaldtrump & @gop no. #TermLimits #MAGA #Dobbs

Another anti trump article you know John we have lots of room at Gitmo for you, that's where you belong
John McCain your traitor and a piece of s***. Not an American never have been never will be you're a communist
Donald Trump greatest president in history build the wall Deport illegals and John McCain to Mexico
Everything Trump does will cause depression, destroy democracy, lead to world chaos, put us in bed w/Putin, POISON planet
This coming from the guy that got slaughtered in 2008 so zip it.
it doesnt poison tax reform. Its so interesting that its a reform when it benefits you and hurts the #AmericanPeople
executive order 11110 by John F. Kennedy....... thats a tax reform the #AmericanPeople could be proud of. Yea I said it!
get on board with @POTUS.  You were not elected President.  He was.  The American people voted for change.  Be a part of it!
yes Trump is trouble.I wish you would switch party and become a moderate democrat
in 2008 the country listened 2 U tell us it was UR turn to lead & we said hell no. U R still a fake leader in 2017 #imwithher
McCain up to his BS again !!
please help our country from this tyranny. America depends on Senators who will do right, no matter their party
RINO
McCain you do not understand or manipulate facts. Profits cone from border. Look at it. Its like your Russian Ruse!
How long have you been in politics? You'd think you would have some influence by now. Why aren't you more vocal about trump?
ty for speaking out. other repubs are silent. It's not right. We are scared about trump & bannon & miller. Not our america.
Xpert ON NOTHING McCains #NAFTA @drudgeheadlines @chucktodd @greta @seanhannity @oreillyfactor @mitchellreports @SavageNation
Xpert ON NOTHING McCains #NAFTA @wsj @greta @MariaBartiromo @stuartvarney @ft @TheEconomist @barronsonline @NASDAQ @msnbc @ap
Xpert ON NOTHING McCain's #NAFTA @YahooFinance @YahooNews @WSJ #Mexico #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @PRNEWS @LouDobbs
I'm failing to see where you've added value to the American people over the past  few decades.
Senator, you're consistently on the wrong side of every issue. Do the truly patriotic thing and retire.
songbird McCain
"CABAL"
I appreciate and honor your service, but please just go away quietly
you need spoken to and sanctioned by senate you are not helping anyone
Why are we the only country without a boarder tax? Is is really fair? Fair to American Workers?
How name years have you not got it fixed. If you have a remedy, throw it out; not? Then hush
Please look into Rosneft 19% sale and Carter Page Trump ties...follow the money!
are you ever going to do anything except for yourself, jeez how long have you been in office?
Those who don't believe it will wonder why their kids won't get new shoes next year
Just RETIRE. Let someone new and a team player warm up your seat.
seriously John you need to comment on this sh*t.
Sen McCain we see who you are.. your feelings were hurt.. get over it. All you are doing is feeding the left & media
TERM LIMITS------------>McCain
You the poison on this country , you are a liar and a traitor to you country !
Shame on you .....
Sounds like a lot of male bovine defication..
As usual, you are wrong. We pay export tax and other countries don`t. Things will work out if you let it
We've had too many decades of trade deficits.  It's past time to think of America first.  You had better support REPUBLICANS
Must read, PRESENT AN ALTERNATIVE!!!

BUSTED: Open Borders Hero John McCain's Exclusive $15 Million Mountain Compound Surrounded by Water, Fences, Ridges http://truepundit.com/busted-open-borders-hero-john-mccain-lives-in-exclusive-15-million-remote-mountain-compound-surrounded-by-water-fences-ridges/ …
Your the poison, do the honorable thing fall on your CANE..
Your views are tainted by your poor comments. Wished I lived in Arizona so I could vote against you.
must investigate!!
John, as incompetent as you are, just go along with everything Trump wants and we will all be better off...
So what if we tried something new? Playing it safe benefits America? As we see the world prosper on current laws not at home?
@RandPaul @SenTedCruz Why did you leak secret info damaging the president. You work for Soros The liberals. Lost respect
Ryan needs some way to save face on trump budget killing proposals.
You did nothing Juan and continue to bitch. Do anything do something even if it is wrong. Tell Lindsay quit drinking.
you are the real poison John McCain.
Must Read: "How 'John McCain' Poisons America" @0Hour1Army @NolteNC @reagansghost #resign #impeach
IF I CAN'T READ THE NEWS,,INFO,,,THAT YOU SUPPLY IT DOESN'T HELP ANYONE
no one listens to you anymore-well the Dems love you- CNN and MSNBC -your buddies over there might want to hear from you
we are in trouble but we are trying to pretend that this is all a bad dream. We fucked up.
also-- I don't subscribe to "white privilege" -you don't know my life- my experiences or my family-sorry
it's so embedded in us . It's like breathing.
They have not acted, they're all talk. Conservatism is dead in the GOP, only fascism remains. #DumpGOP
"Wikileaks Document Shows John McCain Requested Donations from Russians" - Google it.
What I'd like to read about is "How John McCain Supports GOP and President Trump".
You want the focus of @SenJohnMcCain on party and a civil servant instead of the American people and our economy?
#mccainretire
Quit being a petty little man and work with our President. 894/899
stop working against the elected president . why did you go to syria?
https://youtu.be/Zwr6Ok5_I6I 
of course you would say that, you 2 have offered no real solutions for decades, you complain like an expert but no resolve!
Tell that to the house repubs. @RepDavid and @WaysandMeansGOP are all about the BAT. @POTUS flip flops. No unity. Sad!
why have taxes on our products but not those coming in! You don't know how to negotiate bozo! Retire!
McHillery you have done enough to kill American jobs, plz go away
This border tax isn't a done deal Senator. You are a purveyor of fake news with this article. Breathe. Be patient.


thank you for being a "sane" Republican

your sense of Fake is clouded. Gotta love the Internet when it's in the hands of deplorables.
like an ace fighter pilot fake or "moderate Syrian freedom fighters" fake?

