I want to know if you are using a free VA hospital for your treatment or is that not good enough for you
RETIRE RINO! America first! We voted in President Trump AND his agend...NOT YOURS! Support OUR PRESIDENT OR GET OUT!
@SenJohnMcCain RINO #Socialist/Commie Left Loving POS
You know instead of voting against anything Trump does, how about voting for the American people!!! I am ashamed of Republican in Congress!
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace
Why we must control ALL immigration-> Immigration, World Poverty & Gumballs http://NumbersUSA.com  https://youtu.be/LPjzfGChGlE  #RaiseAct #RAISE
John McCain is 3 times that of an average man.  He has done things that people like you couldn't possibly handle.  So no, 2
Like meet with Isis?
Are you accusing John McCain of meeting with ISIS? Because you better bring some solid proof before you go accusing American heros
http://anonhq.com/john-mccain-admits-hes-intimate-with-isis/ …
Is this peer reviewed
what, the photo? oh dear has your traitorous hero been shown up. I have I dashed you delusions? Sorry for that
It's obnoxious that you use pictures from the internet to prove a position that is total nonsense
oh dear
Run back to Miss Lindsey, senator. He misses you. #RaiseAct #cuck #cuckolded
U spoke for yrs about ending Obamacare yet u voted  to keep it.  After ur no vote u hang with Dems. U have great health care but deny us.
WE are paying for his great insurance!!! Yet he doesn't think we deserve great, inexpensive healthcare! Traitor's never change their spots!
#McCainInstitute #Shame on you! https://www.mccaininstitute.org/human-trafficking-mission/ … Something you thought would never come to surface like hrc & Clinton Foundation

Read between the lines! These lobbyist influence our elected officials with $. Business jocking their "in pocket" CLOWNS for fight.
senator McCain, sorry about your illness but please don't let LEFTISTS DEMOCRATS obstruct the President. It is not right.
This is what John McCain thinks of Americans.
*laughs*  You killed Marco's shot at POTUS with this as well as your own.  America wants the Trump/Cotton bill.  Screw the COC.
Already the traitor senator is getting ready to side with the DEMS on immigration laws.Please join the DEMS already, sick of Rinos #MAGA
It's seriously time to give it up John, you Babylonian eunuch
There you go again, you liar.  Every six years you say  the right things and then stab your voters in the back repeatedly.  You liar.
Now you're interested in AZ that you need our medical care?
OH my...please don't start Tweets with "Imp..." I thought it said impeachment and started yelling: "It's happening!!!"
If Bathhouse Barry wasn't impeached, there is a 0.00% chance Trump will
You don't have to like him, but you do have to respect him.  Policy disagreements are one thing, but he is a true American 3
John McCain is a true American. I don't always agree with him, but I respect him.  Trolls. Like Gunnels have no respect or honor. 1
Just change your party affiliation already. You're obviously no longer a Republican
Have u not retired .. You are the very reason term limits are needed .. corrupt to the core !! Can't wait till u get investigated for dossie
We need immigration reform that doesn't import cheap labor that replace American jobs pass the raise act.
Traitor
My family and I where coming down for fall baseball, we will not come this year. After hurting hard work people I can't be in your state.
Wow another shocker: the Phx Chamber of Commence doesn't want to limit low-wage immigrants. Give us your poor, really poor, please!!!
We the people DEMAND that Trump be impeached.  He is grossly incompetent and consistently threatens our National and Global security.
Grow cancer grow!!

2 many jobs that can't be filled. When unemployment is this low entry level jobs go vacant putting patients in the health care field at risk
Nothing but disguise 4 u QUIT
Please resign and let someone in that can protect the USA!
You should be ashamed of your disguising opposition to the President u r a RINO i hope u lose big can't wait until ur out of office
Shut up John
Sending wishes for your good health.
How does it feel to be the most Hated man in America??!!!  You are hurting Americans!!!
YOU are a Traitor!!!!
Your word with AMERICANS holds no water. Backstabber John obviously doesn't plan on RUNNING AGAIN BECAUSE HE FEARS A LOSS
You're one of the BIGGEST CROOKS AND CORRUPT BEING ALONG WITH HILLARY AND OBAMA. I CAN'T STAND YOU ANYMORE. YOU'RE SCARED OF CNN.  LOL!
Really Why VOTE REPUBLICAN? JOHN IS AGAINST MOVING HIS COUNTRY FORWARD! BUT HIS SURGERY IS TAKEN CARE OF.  YOU COWARDLY MAN
All because of a Grudge! Real CHARACTER COMES OUT WHEN THE PEOPLE GET The POWER BACK AND DEMS HAVE ALREADY CUT YOU BY SIDING WITH TRUMP
When a MAN'S WORD is NO GOOD then he's NO GOOD and that chauks it up for Sissy boy John.  No sympathy from me my friend
@SenJohnMcCain The biggest Liar and COWARD in the Country. The BIGGEST BACKSTAB OF The VOTERS IN HISTORY
Thank you! Thank you for providing facts! You are a hero to this country!
Resign and go to bed! You're sick in the head and unfit to serve in the Senate.
They pay your coffers
Is this true ??
Way to give a big FU to your constituents in Az, worst hit state in O'care premiums. Way to sell out and screw all Americans & your party!
Phoenix Chamber, Mayor and City Council are made up of Democrats!
You haven't changed your party affiliation yet?
Why not train our low and unskilled unemployed and welfare check recipients so they can work?
Really just Really I have been hearing about comprehensive immigration for the last 35 years. Just words thrown together. All lies lies lies
I hate McCain please everyone ask him where he got 9 million from
The people of Arizona need to get rid of this rino
doesnt matter GOP will want to ram this through without bi-partisan approval in a secret room full of @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan buds.
Okay, I read this. BUT JUST BUILD THE DAMN WALL & ENFORCE EXISTING LAWS, old man! Still, I know you will NEVER be a conservative. EVER.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS  @VP ELECTED to SCRAP OBSOLETE@USCIS laws DEMAND 100% NEW 21st C US&US CITIZEN 1st USCIS https://www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/forbrn.pdf …

John Mccain, the self proclaimed "Foot soldier for the New World Order" who's fighting Trumps pro American agenda with Funds From NAZI SOROS
Phoenix the symbol of the new world order rising out of the ashes.. out of chaos comes order.. out the chaos of WW3 comes Antichrist NWO..

More proof the trumpie is clueless
Ur were Benedict Arnold to America. It's all about u now John. History will not be politically kind to u. Bad timing.
Too bad you don't stand up for voters in AZ as quickly as you do for foreign workers CoC needs for jobs. Get some rest
@CNNSitRoom @FoxNews Its not just Russia's @realDonaldTrump ! Investigate @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Members who Sold America to Criminal Putin
You're right, it's mainly Hillary Clinton and her selling Russia %20 of our uranium for quid pro quo!
Wow, data and facts. Thank you!
you just want cheap house maids, cheap lawn care, cheap labor
Just for a moment I read it as 'Impeachment assessment'...
Me too 
For American workers first.
#FashTheNation Imp't Assessment: Sig. cuts to legal immigration will raise wages, white birth rate, GDP and you won't live to see any of it.
C ya McTumour .... rest in bacon
.How about we educate our own children instead of just importing immigrants in like a TV set. Cheap easy way out.
Along with providing good Healthcare for all..you are all on the immigration train 4 what Trump promised.. priorities sir-jobs,education,HC
Sir, hoping by the grace of all Gods that word "Imp't" is some sort of short form for Impeachment. World is watching, pls make it right. 
I think too many ppl trying the link, or a DDSoS attack? The server is 500 ATM.
Something people like Trump will never be
Remember to check out scientific ketogenic diet re glioblastoma with your Dr.  Could be helpful.
Link isn't working for me.
"Lost" 1969 #Vietname

#JohnMcCain is war criminal and #AlQaeda backer @SenMikeLee @RoyBlunt 
#NewTrumpAdminScandals
Stop trolling w fake news and misplaced propaganda. We see you.
Arizona hates you.
No, McCain is a war hero. We might disagree with him but he is respected and loved. What about you? How many people even know you exist?
Who knows you?  Snowflake!

BREAKING: Stocks fall, Dow turns negative, after WSJ reports that Special Counsel Mueller has impaneled grand jury https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/03/us-stocks-dow-22000-earnings.html … 
