This says it all
Great company. Congratulations on a well-deserved award. You are a hero!!!
Congratulations!
I hope you’re using Pres. Carter’s doctors for your brain tumor, Sen McCain. You are a true patriot.!
Thank @SenJohnMcCain and my VP @JoeBiden  for coming to the seat of Democracy my home Philadelphia.   God bless you
Congratulations to a true hero & patriot. If Congress has 100 more like you, America would be in good hands.
Two liberals smiling at the camera who forgot about the working class
Remember when both sides worked with each other? It would be nice to have more adults like McCain and Biden running our country.
Thank you for your service. Thank you for your courage. Thank you for putting country before party. That takes a true patriot.
Sir you are not only an American hero but your utter badassery in saving the Republic from @PutinRF will go down in history
The story of how you went NOC on @DeripaskaOleg yacht will be recorded in history (it’s definitely going in my book :)
Congratulations on the Liberty Medal sir. We will chant your name when we liberate Moscow from @PutinRF :)
Well John it looks like you're blowing all those years on the way out
.
The pedophile and the traitor 
.
Two awesome guys! Well deserved, Senator!
idiot
Wish I could have been there !
Congratulations to the new couple.
I wonder where they’re registered at....
No one deserves it more, you and your friends are Men among boys in the current Senate
Thank you sir for putting your country before politics.
Trade protectionism is a slippery slope into something I suspect you'll hate.
You also can be a country that loves low prices at places like Walmart while paying the manufacturing sector a living wage. 
My tweet had a typo. I meant to say can't, not can. And yeah, US manufacturing will never return to what it was, especially not at min wage.
BE BLESSED John McCain
Нельзя дважды войти в одну и ту же реку, но можно дважды сесть в одну и ту же лужу. (Леонид Шебаршин) Тебе говорили,смерти нет. Для Русского
Come to the light side, Senator.
He already has #Rino
Stick with the Dems for more humane treatment and legislation
All Vets dems & republican appreciate & applaud John McCain & congratulate him on receiving Liberty Medal! #truehero
Sen McCain has more honor, patriotism, and smarts than trump will ever have.
That was wonderful,great to here sanity again
Super Twins!
ahhh! two men for whom i have such deep respect.

thank you both for your service to this country and all the sacrifices that entailed.
You are a great American hero. Thank you for your service in the military, & your years of public service. You are an example for all.
The best to you, Sen McCain. You are a National Treasure!
Two traitors, Two democrats and two losers .
Two idiots whose place is in ZOO, world champions in firing of world
evil twins of Satans spawn
So proud of you! You certainly deserve it!    
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
.@SenJohnMcCain You became my favorite person in the world this year!  #JohnMcCain
Love you Senator! Thank you for your service and your amazing courage! We need so many more like you.
Party Traitor, RINO.
Have you ever done anything you pledged your oath to do. Your word is crap. You talk out your "ass cheek".
Two fine men who know what sacrifice means. What service over self means. What kindness means.
Congratulations Senator John McCain! We Americans are truly honored to have you as our hero. Thank you sir. #TruePatriot
You did a great job!
Turncoat 
I'd vote this ticket.
We love you @SenJohnMcCain - even us Democrats!! 
2 American Patriots right there.
What happened to civility???
You and Joe make me proud to be an American.
https://youtu.be/cGJavFTWNXo  @JeffProphete The Grind don't ... http://tmi.me/1fjR8H 
Thank you Sir for so much! 
John McCain - you are an honorable man and a true patriot. Too bad our current President does not have the capacity to understand this.
Please do the country a favor. Retire
#McCain
Retire!!!!!!!!
2 peas in a pod, John...we see it. We know it.  You're a full-out DEMOCRAT.  Have been, too.
The honor is 4 those have had the chance 2 work with U. Meeting U N person is a bucket list but for now, I have the signed Time magazine.
Well now we know how it was easy for you to lie. Friends with the renowned liar of the Senate Joe Biden.
Two proud Democrats coming up with some more treasonous ideas.
Thank-you Sen McCain;both you&Former VP Biden are beloved American Treasure.
Finally, the suffering people of Arizona know why we work 2 minimum wage jobs with 0 benefits. You are a Democrat Obstructionist Traitor!!
Two disgraces together again
You look good in your new occupation as a Democrat McCain you fit right in with backstabbing lying cheating obstructionist congratulations
Real men ! Thanks for speaking the truth ! Praying you and are beautiful world 
Bless you Sen. McCain. I don’t always agree with you but I have always respected you as a man of great character and integrity.
Congratulations! Well deserved. I may not agree with you on everything, but I love how you love our great nation. Fantastic speech!
Just proof you are a RINO
The Original Dynamic Duo!
Immensely fortunate to have you both as superb and principled leaders for our nation. Great thanks.
I’d vote for P&VP /10
You deserved this medal Sen McCain. A hero in war & a hero here. All the best to you, get better fr 1 cancer patient to another.(15yrs now).
Swamp Buddies...........
Couple of bad ass dudes right there.
2 fine looking Democrats sitting for a picture.
Looking good, Songbird
You need better friends to hang out with. Hang out with our Great President.  @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
Biden seems like a likeable enough guy but #SongBirdMcCain should never be forgiven.
Two men of great integrity! Two parties:one country. Love u both!
Thank you both for giving me a little hope with this insane clown in the oval office
Time for you to retire McCain before you disgrace yourself anymore and let's leave it at that for now
Congratulations Senator McCain.  You are a true American Patriot.  God bless you.
Two of a kind!
Two great men, You Both would've been great Presidents Caring for all peoples Wouldn't I believe just for the party..
why didn't trump give him this?

The biggest cowards attack heroes like John McCain.
Sir, Mr. McCain you are the model to what a President/Servant Leader should be.

Two standup guys with more trust between the two of them than all the others making decisions today
Here's a ticket I would vote for.
So deserving Mr. McCain.  Thank you for all your service for our great country. Prayers...God bless. 
You deserve it Senator John McCain
What is unpatriotic? You and the Progressive Marxist Democrats who disrespect our Constitution and the American People. You have been outed.
Congratulations Senator!
Two of a kind
Congrats!!
Thank you for standing up to that F-Ing moron!
2 of the best patriots
Thank you, sir, for your service!!!
Two good eggs right there. I agree with one nearly all the time; the other hardly ever. But they're decent guys who love their country.
RUN JOE RUN!!!!!!
Why don't you donate it to all the lives lost on the U.S.S. Forrestal
I couldn’t love this picture more! Adore you both! 
@SenJohnMcCain, the @GOP does not want you anymore. Please leave peacefully. Our new generation of @GOP doesn't support RINOs anymore.
Well earned!
So wonderful to see bipartisanship in action. Sad to see the comments of those who obviously don't understand it.
So Trump just threatened you a honorable military man who served his country for his adult life ...yet kneeling for a flag is disrespectful?
Looking good gents.
You both are great Americans.  Wish we had more folks like the two of you in politics today.
I just threw up in my mouth!
Step down..  committing treason is no joke!
Tic tock
Thank you for speaking truth to power and thank you for your service. #hero
We hope much more to return to us

you know what drives Trump crazy, John, it's your admission Joe Biden is your friend. He's jealous, and determined to punish you for it.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service and unwavering defense of America’s finest values.
John is not worried about a scared weasel  @realDonaldTrump that needed 5 deferments because his foot hurt?? He was on the squash team u..
Two Democrats one a V.P. the other just want-a-be.
That's a awesome photo. The left side drags it down a bit.
McCain needs to retire now!!
John McCain had become the country's quintessential GRUMPY OLD MAN......we can assume because he can't handle TRUMP'S CRITICISM OF HIM!
Self-parody?  Johnny we hardly knew ye.
We love you John....great speech!  Please know we have your back.  Here is hoping you can save the Republic as the hero we know you can be!
2 Great Men who do what's right for the country, not a political party. Loved the interview w/you two on 6 ABC last night! Great Friends!
Liberty medal??? For him??? Some type of joke?
wouldn't u  think his own party would be presenting this award? oh, i get it...this is his party, the traitor. now go get a retirement medal
Thank you for your service, John. We the People are with you.
Two of my favorites!
Congratulatons to Sen. McCain and VP Biden.  45 is never getting this.
Two honorable men friends so nice that's what politics should be both sides getting together smiles say it all thank you both
Congrats so deserved great speech thank you.
Two great men!
I'm grateful for your service. Thank You. Bi-Partisan all the way!
 Yeah, not like @JoeBiden has done damage to our country. But hey, at least he strokes you every now and then, and that’s what counts #maga
seems like he is always with the democrats. Stand with President Trump he is doing what is right for the country
Bravo to two magnificent gentlemen! You are true patriots.
Thank you so much, sir. I don't always agree with you (I'm a Dem) but your lifetime of public service deserves honor and respect. Period.
John McCain with all you and your Sweet Family are going through you Love America. You have to be in pain. The Nation is praying for you.
Bless your heart,much respect to both #JoeBiden #JohnMcCain
Congratulations and thank you.
@SenJohnMcCain you hash tagged #philadelphia. I think you meant to hashtag #Pedophilia.
Bless you, Sir, for your speech!
Class act.  
j.mccain is a dem. through and through. made his careeras a rep. liar liar traitor. go rest in peace.
But Senator McCain he’s from the opposition so how can you be friends? Won’t widdle Donnie be upset? Just wait until he calls you a traitor.
On a more serious note this country thanks you for your service & personally I’m glad you’re friends with VP Biden. He’s an amazing guy.
God is on your side, John. May he bless your service mightily
I'm a long way from you in politics, but I know honor when I see it. Please help this country become honorable again.
Awesome picture of you and the VP. Your speech was so good and so spot on. Many thanks for all you've done and all you continue to do.
Could this picture be any more poignant? It is the swamp personified.. Not parties here.. Just 2 old white guys manipulating the world.
These two men are American Patriots!
Congratulations Senator McCain. You served our country well and with honor. You deserve it and you deserve much respect
Congratulations!  & Thank You Much for your continued service!!!  My dad,  retired Marine also has much respect for you!!
I love this picture! #heroes
Congratulations Senator McCain, a well deserved honor for a true great Patriot of this Country. Thank you for your dedication & Service.
20 trillion in debt thanks to you two screwing our children and grandchildren
For a long time now I have worried there is no one for young people to look up to. America has had no heroes. When I was growing up there
Were astronauts, civil rights leaders, politicians, teachers. In my adult life I have had you this country could have no better hero,leader
And example of selflessness.  God bless and congratulations.
That's your problem, you think Joe Biden is your friend.
Great pic! Congrats!
Although I’m a Democrat from North Carolina, you impress the hell out me @SenJohnMcCain!!!
grateful for your service and for your continued maverick-ness ...
Congratulations Senator @SenJohnMcCain
True politicians with a honest love for America
Thanks for speaking truth and standing up for the American people
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @billoreilly       MC CAIN  & COLLINS LOVE BEING  PHOTOGRAPHED WITH DEMOCRATS---THEY LOVE THEM THE MOST
This makes me happy
thanks to both @JoeBiden & @SenJohnMcCain for your continued service!   Well deserved awards!!!
We need bi partisanship in gov't again. God damn Citizens United.
We love you @SenJohnMcCain a true American Patriot!!!
While I'll always love @JoeBiden, I'll always struggle with why man of a certain stature seem to need shiny objects for validation.
Birds of a feather...
Great leaders.
Two great statesmen. Thank you both for your life long service to our country. You make America great.
You are my hero Mr. Mccain ..all blessings
Congratulations, Senator.
