sanctions don't hurt anyone but innocent Russian civilians .Do your job. Listen to your wise superior president Trump.
He abused her in public. No special relationship now.
what concerns Americans is the relationship @POTUS has with Russia. Waiting for investigation of collusion, transparency
Theresa Mays is working with Pres Trump, much better than U. Shame on you. Support Pres Trump, please.
PM May isn't to thrilled today! Stand up for All Americans your a war hero! We need you now
Aghast that a former American hero insinuates hope that Germany's leader could mentor the sociopath he now supports. 
how does Bannon and conway get on this new NSC and the joint chiefs and DNI, are not automatic?  That is very concerning!!!!
Good thing the #MuslimBan happened after that meeting. Please speak out.
The only special relationship he has with anyone is his assfucker Putin. See the FSB purge? Basis of piss doc true.
Sen McCain you are one of a few GOP I admire. Please, stand up to mad man Trump. Our Country is in distress!
HOW ABOUT HIS SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP WITH BANNON???
The GOP will PAY!!!
Benedict McCain!
Must impeach!
bursting liberal bubble is NOT reason for impeachment! It is exactly why he's been elected. Suck it up!
I would prefer a POTUS that didn't need a British lady to 'babysit' the child!!!
@POTUS I believe she was nice when she realized he's a special needs person. She used  small words & a picture book. Duh
May is desperate and will take any friend. Sad.
RINO! https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/825674954838593542 …
I guess she likes to be abused.
You want war with Russia @SenJohnMcCain when the real prob is china. Wake up, and get out of your hate for Russia @WSJ
Dear Senator - are you concerned about Steve Bannon being on the NSC????
The worst Trump scenario is happening
RUSSIAN intervention - where's the investigation? Russia, conflicts of interest, Bannon in Nat Security... STEP UP
@JoeTrippi @WSJ "sarcasm is anger's ugly cousin" Jealousy becomes you, songbird! @SenJohnMcCain #TermLimits | #Trump45 #HesMyPresident
His juvenile behavior and rudeness by answering the PMs questions. His speech, he moved his finger while he read, sad
You are obsessed with Putin and Russia, settling some scores? or just bitter you did not get elected...and are a loser.
Many don't take articles from the WSJ, NYTimes, AP and others seriously anymore, John.. #propaganda #recallmccain #loser
But Trump won't do reasonable things. EVER. He will do as he pleases. #ImpeachmentSoon
Theresa May held Trump's hand because of his stairs fear http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4167600/Theresa-held-Trump-s-hand-stairs-fear.html …
Trump will get us killed-he's a raging lunatic! Putin arrested top spies tied to DNC hacking-PROOF that Trump is illegitimate
Steve Bannon-white nationalist and misogynist abuser- now sits on the National Security Council. I feel unsafe. #impeach
Please stand up to this UNSTABLE MAN! We, the People, need you to stand up for us.
Speaking of special relationships, where's the outrage over Joint Chiefs being dumped for Bannon?
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ Here's a special relationship: NatlSecurityCouncil + ExecBranch...or say, white supremacists like Bannon specifically.
nice to put a sunny spin on things as you & your party sit idly by while Dear Leader actively violates the Constitution.
WTF this crazy bafoon is a traitor and is DESTROYING US!? HE'S GOING TO BRING YOU DOWN TOO. WTF REPUBLICANS? UR USA TOO.
Wh Natl. movements in Russia and Europe ALSO downplay Jews suffering in the holocaust.  So that speech was for Putin, not us.
please do something to get this raving lunatic out of office before he gets us all killed
@realDonaldTrump It's quite obvious you know little about Trump. You second guess his every move. Do you think he's stupid ?
He's 10 moves ahead of your thinking. Wake up & work WITH him, not AGAINST him. In unity there is STRENGTH.
you will go down in history going along with crazy Don and Bannon . Do the right thing!
time to speak up against the #muslimban Senator.
where are you as a patriot sir?  Your silence is deafening on trumps ban on muslims.  Is this your new vision for USA?
Trust me more, they are NOT on the same page... not in a million years. Trust me.
and yet you are voting to confirm Tillerson despite his Russian ties as well. #sellout
she had to coach him threw. leaked audio on ACA. It is not about you guys and your damn parties. Get people killed
The president can't make everyone, but he do right thing for the ppl & country. Support him!
DID YOU LISTEN TO WHAT SHE HAD TO SAY!!! SHE UNDERSTANDS BTTR THAN YOU!!!
she's more loyal to trump than you are
What do you see when you look into @realDonaldTrump 's eyes?
Trump@does not have one single friend. That's a known fact. He can't be trusted in any relationship. ILLEGITIMATE
you guys are so spineless. If trump says Jump, u ask, how high..spineless
who are u kidding?
.@SenJohnMcCain Am Arizona constituent. Where is your voice today? #JFKTerminal4 detainees? #MuslimBan #CallYourSenator #MuslimBanprotest
Some of your own constituents are being turned away from the country and the best you've got is an unrelated WSJ editorial?
where's your voice today?
He's allowing Christians not Muslims, that's discrimination
Americans once revered you for putting the principles of liberty before partisan politics. Denounce the #MuslimBan.
Shock Treatments won't help that asshole!
You are an

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

How far you have allowed yourself to fall. 

#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy
,yeah special, are u crazy
SPEAK OUT AGAINST #MUSLIMBAN
I'd rather see your statement renouncing Immigration Exec Order.
This is your last term; these actions are meant to dehumanize. Speak up now or own this
Sudanese ctzn flew in last night, handcuffed, questioned at NY. Landed at 11. Allowed in at 4am. Had GC for 22 yrs. PhD student at Stanford.
he's a Russian mole whose job is only to destroy the United States from the inside. He is a new kind of terrorist.
amazing how much you speak out against your own party but never anything against the left & their corruption. #traitor
what happens if trump lifts Russian sanctions today?
The states or the citizens will eventually take control of the deteriorating US Fed. situation unless @congressorg does
Senator
Trump is making a chump out of all of us
He is stealing our country
Do you have the courage to stand up to him
John for the love of God he is scary . Please do something!!
. I am going to fire  the nursing home staff if you dont take the phone from John McCain. He is senile
you need to start supporting our President 100% and stop acting like the cry baby democrats.
you still looking toward the stars? Space exploration still important in my opinion #ScienceMarch
You and the other Senior Republicans are the only ones that can Wrangle in Trump before it's to late.


weird that he held her hand.....I wonder what PDA he will show Putin
Johnny to you already die a time and you All on twitter stink)))
not Republican but respect you Sen. McCain. Please ensure us that DJT can be kept in line by a reasonable congress
Trump to May:"your choice for a question? There goes the relationship..." Trans: "you're with me or against me, beware".
John McCain does not think for his self he is a puppet for George Soros.
make sure you do your thing and undermine it as much as possible you globalist democrat.
senator we must stand up to this gaslighting. We are depending on you
Maverick means leading this charge. America knows you can steer the stampede for change. Its his office your majority #hug
IT was evident that there is no special relationship between May&Trump.She wants a strong NATO,TRUMP DOESN'T.
He won't listen to Brit's PM. Get serious; keep up the Russian hacking investigation. Democracy is losing. Fight for us
and @LindseyGrahamSC about only ones left to curb Trump's gross violations of U.S. policies/freedoms. Don't let us down. @WSJ
stop fighting @realDonaldTrump he is on your team.  Work behind doors to resolve differences
You had many years to address Cyber Security, Russia, the VA but you were a lapdog to special interests. Help Trump MMGA
Get off your butt Senator. The POTUS is compromised.
"the enemy of my enemy is my friend."
Thank you for posting this.
omg u r such a fo and have no idea what trump is doing thank god u never became president
" OMG u r such a" LOW Forehead you can follow Big Donny down bottom feeder.
McCain you once fought for our country it is your duty to continue that fight & see this con man is impeached asap!
one cannot trust Trump as his actions do not reflect his words. Not honest or trustworthy
We must be talking about the EO's. This Muslim ban is out of control.
He's NO Reagan!!!
as someone who grew up in Az, I always respected you. Are you going to save our democracy from the orange menace?
"Very early to be talking about this?" Is he serious??? History didn't start on Jan. 20!!!
Advice that I'm certain he will NOT be following...
What is your response to the US government already being sued by 2 Iraqis. #StandAgainstHate
Trump won't take any advice on Putin.  He's his damned puppet.
lies
