Sent ltr urging @POTUS to provide defensive lethal assistance to #Ukraine to defend itself from Russian aggression http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=E33F2914-CB1B-4D6D-A800-D8B5A34F8FE3 …
http://www.neonnettle.com/news/276-anonymous-exposes-us-army-false-flag-attack-in-ukrain …
False flag attack planned on Ukraine to push attack on Russia.
Strong and determined response from Republicans. Reps better push DT or next election they're out. I was from a Rep party
you sir need to keep to ur actual work with your party & get things done. Enough of ur public opinions
How can you even say that when @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP are trying to shut down any Russian hacking investigation?
#fearmongering #warmonger #MICstooge 
Which is why it's more important than ever that you investigate @realDonaldTrump's ties to Russia!!
So how is that investigating coming Senator? Curious minds need to know! #TrumpTreason
you Leftist are as far as we need to look for our enemy.
if you want an investigation go after a know felon.
That's known felon RWNJ
And you showed strength by voting for Tillerson?
POTUS just lifted some Russian sanctions. Is that what you wanted?
But @SenJohnMcCain you are supporting a puppet. No outcry from the WH. Sanctions starting to lift.  Stop posturing. ACT! @Willie_American
Then you should have supported HRC.
Willie cmon now do you think that was directed towards you ?  Precious?
McCain you can't save America I fear without switching parties.
Well with one of Putin's lackeys in the White House--- Right now @realDonaldTrump is apologizing for Obama's severity.
You've got to see that Trump is favoring the countries he has business ties with.. Russia especially.. he will do nothing.
Thk U Sen 4 bravely stand'g up 4 innocent victims. I think U no likely replies. Making stat is critically impt tho re- +
so that a reply is REQ'D. Which will be informative. The stat. is 4 the victims esp 2 try 2 help.Tk U 4 it
then do something about it. Americans R watching Trump push everyone but Putin. He is being blackmailed Sir.
I keep trying to call @JeffFlake @JohnMcCain or the operator! @GOP WE ARE UNITED AGAINST DEVOS! Vote NO! NO! NO!
We are NOT United against her! Speak for yourself only! Vote YES
I'll listen. Why should I support her? @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @GOP
Our children are NOT prepared for life or college! We MUST change NOW! Our children's future
she knows nothing about public schooling.
So you confirm all of his cronies into the White House?
.@SenJohnMcCain Not stopping Russia's movement in Ukraine, but talking harsh about Iran's movement into Iraq.  You need to #shutthisdown
Russia is the real threat to US. Iran is a side show
, how Russia was a threat? You this old warmonger. US destroyed almost entire world. You fool.
Seems you are the only one concerned?
thank you for communicating a sane perspective. So why are you falling in line with a person who questions your heroism?
#Trump 's violent campaign to dismember #USA won't stop unless he meets a strong & determined response! @SenateDems
@Euan_MacDonald then why the F did he lift sanctions?
Keep supporting Trump and his idiot nominees. Show us what 'strong, determined' means, mm?  @AndreaChalupa
Hopefully legit allies will stand up to Putin. We alrdy know the good old USA won't under our corrupt pres/GOP
with respect, sir, I think you backed the wrong horse if that is the outcome you wanted
you're a War Criminal. I blame Vietnam for all this bull shit. They should have left you rotten in that underground prison.
all it would have taken is one vote to protect our education system. Ukraine will take care of itself.
Yeah, the puppet is sure to turn on the puppeteer any minute now... any minute now... aaaaany minute...
just heard the treasury was just ordered to lift sanctions on Russia !!! What is this idiot doing?
HOW MANY BEHEADING IN SAUDI..DO U KNOW MUSLIM COUNTRIES NOT ACCEPTING NOT 1 NOT 1 REFUGEE
compare the words he uses when complaining about the lack of response from Obama then Trump
Well Putin's not gonna GET a strong response unless you come out in public and LOUDLY call Trump out for his bullshit.
#Ukraine tried to help Hillary get elected with phony Manafort payoffs from Russia, now they can not get Trumps ear, Hmmm.
they wernt phoney payoffs they happened
they said they were Fake Goggle it! Ukraine said they were all in 4 Hillary!
Sen. McCain, please stop trumps reign of terror. Hes gonna destroy us all. The right will listen to you. Save USA from "prez"
and this needs to be more of a focus than freaking Australia
He just lifted sanctions on Russia. Do something.
THE 2ND ATTEMPTED MURDER OF VLADIMIR KARA-MURZA  IS A REAL TEST FOR TILLERSON..WONDER WHERE HIS LOYALTIES LIE-USA OR BIG $$$?
.@SenJohnMcCain any thing you're for? I'm against you're a Democrat masquerading as a Republican screw off traitor  #TermLimitsforCongress.
Yes he did!
No problem, I was only responding to you. Just now saw his tweet. lol, funny thing twiller
JUST SHUT UP & DO YOUR OWN JOB. OH,YES,APPROVE CABINET MEMBERS & CONVINCE ALL OTHER SEN.&REPS.TO DO THE SAME.IT IS THEIR JOB.
@AndreaChalupa HRC would've stopped him  #SheToldUsSo
too bad we're stuck with Trump's administration
@AndreaChalupa then why did you confirm #RexTillerson ????
U know we must stop Putin but we have to fight Trump
What do you think about that sanction against FSB were eased? I'm thinking it's a shame for US. Am I mistaken?
@RealGDT 

What strong and determined response to Ukraine/annexation of Crimean peninsula  2014? Please refresh my memory.
Russia got their puppet president! @POTUS only cares about @Schwarzenegger Apprentice ratings. 25th Amendment, article 4 ASAP
@cudblay  Please do something Seanator. Trumps going to get us killed. He is a Russian Mole. #impeachtrump #trumprussia
@morten taint gonna happen
@GOP Trump's working 4 Russia interests. Bannon wants 2 kill our democracy. REMOVE THEM before too late. Plz stop the madness
. Is there any democracy left in US? Give me a break. US past leaders are warmongers.
Thank you & I'm assuming you'll be leading the charge to resist @realDonaldTrump nonsensical, dangerous foreign policy.
Why would U assume he would resist he never against Obama's policies that got US into this mess
Well, Tam at least I post my real name & I'm not an egg. The mess we're in is due to Trump.
Yep Trump has been in office 2 weeks & he is responsible 4 mess that has been brewing for years
BTW no picture as tolerant left looking 2 pepper spraying anyone that doesn't march in lockstep
Hellloo!! I keep hearing the "GOP's work for us" we are begging you to do something to stop this insanity!!! Please
Seriously ashamed of you. First Palin, now fascism. You're destroying the country you bled for. #shame
good luck with that. Maybe if GOP stops kissing his ass and act like a part of the government. Stand up for America
you're all talk. NO action! You voted yes on Tillerson! You are complicit and blood is on all GOP hands.
Notice how there are no trolls or visible "conservatives for Trump" on this thread.
absolutely
And Trump loves Putin
Just go away crazy old man.  @realDonaldTrump is right you won't be happy unless you start WWIII.
And what will war with China and/or Iran do? Only, without allies to take up the slack.
We need to go to war with Russia to have allies if war with China and Iran?  Is that your argument?
If war with China and Iran did happen, would rather have Russia as an ally than an antagonist.
what about the sanction lift?!?
is beating on #WarDrums again!
Don't hold your breath waiting for Trump to respond.
which requires Rs to acknowledge trump take over. So maybe you can get off twitter and save the democracy
right on Senator. This Mainer is behind a strong anti Putin stance.
Thank you for speaking up! Please also investigate @POTUS ties to Russia; Trump is acting like Putin's puppet.
I feel a little more at ease knowing you're looking out for all of us. Thank you.
well, now we're doing biz with FSB. 1 day after tillerson was sworn in. Really? Seems deal maker trump made deal w/ Putin
Is it possible you could find Mitch McConnell's backbone or lend him one? He seems to need help.
Something even Mr McCain feigns to deliver.
@PutinRF is @georgesoros enemy. You towed the line for Obama and Soros http://2008-2016.You  are a globalist and a RINO.
@JWGOP Well, that's not going to happen with Donny being his boyfriend and all...
please keep standing by American values. I am concerned our PotUS is being played by Putin
@rezaaslan like an easing of sanctions on FSB?
Why is nothing being done to address and expose Trump's collusion with Putin?Russia?? GOP have an obligation to the people.
I hope you are able to convince more of the @GOP to stand up for American ideals. #patriot No more #PresidentBannon #usa
Trump won't stop unless he meets a strong and determined legislature willing to impeach. In other words, not you guys.
Arizona is depending on you to stand up against Betsy DeVos, especially our disabled kids who she was ignorant of law (IDEA)
Be strong. We need your voice of reason and patriotism. #noDeVos
who? U & Hillary your buddy?
we get it, you have a hardon for Russia, what would satisfy you, all out war?
it's a shame you've rolled over for his lapdog in the oval office.
Then why are you sitting back and letting Russia and Trump get away with everything? Put up or shut up!
thank you for your integrity and strength.  We need principled leaders like you now, more than ever. 
why are you allowing this to happen
Thank for your service to our great country
Prutin ben spy since 17.He knows Trump will have no guts to stand up to him. Trump too old, too scarred and too weak for him
senator your time had passed go out with the dignity the office demands.please for the good of the country G.B.A
Like Trump relaxing sanctions?
You know he won't.  He is fight with our alias sand causing so much stress among Americans.  When will you stop him?
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP have strength and follow McCain's lead. Prove your true allegiance to your country.
Trump probably told Putin he would not intervene. This cannot continue, Trump offends allies and befriends Russia.
@7im Can you do something? Hacking? Sanctions?Travel ban? You & Graham are the only 2 with the courage to take on Trump/Putin
America is our #1 right now not other countries! You Sir are a problem & your NOT President for a reason
I think @POTUS is taking notes.
@realDonaldTrump where's the independent investigation into Russia's election interference &Trump's biz interests in Russia?
Trump will never do it Senator. He has Heckled you he will make Mockery of USA  for his own personal business 
And yet you keep sucking up to Trump.
You are just another democrat, shameful!!
since the day I watched you walk off the plane a free man once again, you have always been a hero to me.
How many American lives are at stake in Ukraine? Zero! How about we secure Americas borders & the rest of the  can kiss it
: You have the opportunity to stand as a leader against tyranny. Why not use it to oppose the collusion btw Trump/Russia.
be the hero we give you credit for.  this is your chance to shake the Palin stench.  Prove us right.
feel free to start anytime. We are waiting on you and the rest of your fellow "leaders".
What kind of response should we expect to see from #NewMoscow?
We'd love to see a strong and determined response from you- where's your spine? Do what's right- stand up to Trump! #Resist
You missed your opportunity to pretend to have principles when you endorsed Trump and approved cabinet
Trump sure in he'll won't stop it. He owes Putin for the Presidency.
before or after POTUS eases sanctions against FSB?
@Cool4kat I wouldn't expect that from the trump administration John. Putin put him in office and you're doing nothing.
You do realize that you are appealing to a president who last year claimed that Russia had not gone into Ukraine.
great start today. Easing sanctions? That will show him.
It´s a noble effort sir, but I think we all know that Trump is not going to listen. He doesn´t give a damn about Ukraine.
please don't stop sen. McCain. You're one of the few GOP left that I have faith in.
Guess u will have 2 stand up for our country & impeach this imbecile
let's go to war John!  Hey. Not our problem! We are broke and tired John!America first John! Ukraine next quagmire?
why did you vote for tillerson??!!!
and the key to that is a relaxation of sanctions?  Help us, McCain and Graham, you're our only hope.
too bad you weren't strong and determined against the dictator that is now purposely turning a blind eye to #Ukraine
#BannonaRepublic's campaign to dismember the #USA won't stop without #GOP standing against him.
why do you fun Al Quadia terrorists?
Glad to see that not all republicans are bat  crazy. Keep fighting the good fight.
stop the warmongering
I think he just proved he is working for Russia so I doubt he's going to be down with your request. When can we Impeach?
Keep fighting agst #Russia aggression, upholding #NATO & investigate #russianhacking. Transcends politics. US-world security.
Yes. But you know, that SHOULD HAVE STARTED WITH YOU NOT ENDORSING HIS CABINET.
@JWGOP Republicans need to take action in Congress not on Twitter.
You should have talked to bho, you had 8 years to do so. Don't start crying now!!
I want to know why you and others aren't doing anything to get Trump out? Please care enough about our country and world
Thank goodness that we now have a strong leader to deal with this and not the idiot we had-don't you think you could talk?
so where is the GOP leadership? Cowering under a desk in fear of Me T and company. Take charge will you 
which is more important to you sir, party or country? B/c honestly, we can't tell right now based on actions of your party
You and Soros @georgesoros globalist cronies started this to provoke Russia and undermine @realDonaldTrump
ask Trump's buddy to stop.   Sad our POTUS is in cahoots with Putin.
Oh, gee! Too bad you couldn't be POTUS. Instead, you try and pretend you are. #wannabe #senility
just submit your resignation so we can get a real American hero in there to actually represent the US. Pathetic.
you must vote no on all this madness!
No #putinspuppet #nodevoss
@realDonaldTrump just lifted sanctions on Russia.  Isn't there anything the GOP can do??
Meanwhile in real life: Easing sanctions.
Russia DID get a strong response. Trump told them unequivocally "Do what you want but don't release the tapes."
#Putin’s violent campaign to dismember #Ukraine won't stop unless he meets a strong & determined response http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=E33F2914-CB1B-4D6D-A800-D8B5A34F8FE3 …
-- If Trump is lifting sanctions on Russia and Russia knows before Congress, that's a problem!
should have voted Dem this time. Maybe she had more balls to stand up to @realDonaldTrump
go Senator McCain time to shine
DO SOMETHING!! Sanctions are starting to lift on Russia This must be stopped! http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-loosens-sanctions-russia-prevent-intelligence-agencies-cyberspying-hacking-a7559871.html …
well Mr. McCain your buddy is in business with Putin, maybe change needs to start in your party first!
wake up Senator.  If you don't stand up to Trump now it doesn't matter what you send to Trump. Vote down his cabinet DeVos!!
You are nothing but a violet War monger and a traitor to your  party and the US.  Wipe that smirk off your geriatric face
@elite99thc No shit. You soulda thought about how this would all play out a long time ago.
pretty sure John was, and always has been, in favor of heavy support.
Thank you Sen McCain. I am a democrat & but now I do not CARE who the next supreme court judge is. PLEASE IMPEACH TRUMP NOW.

Then impeach Trump and let's get to business.
if WH refuses to see this I think we have our answer on his Russian ties! Stand up!
...you don't APOLOGIZE for ME and my friends...who do you think you are?..you represent Ari zona, only, sadly
Kind of like lifting the cyber sanctions.. There you go for a strong & determined response.. DO SOMETHING!!
you're a hero again Sen McCain even to this Dem and fellow sailor. Stay the course Mister.
good job!
#Ukraine is a mafia state. must be demolished
Thank you.Trumps relationship to Putin is endangering America. It's time. Please begin impeachment now. Before it's too late.
Reply to @SenJohnMcCain You won't get anywhere with Trump destroying democracy. Please start impeachment hearings. Lifting sanctions wrong.
Thank you for speaking up!
What you are asking for is ethnic cleansing and genocide of ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine. You are evil man
Well, if you would've supported @HillaryClinton, maybe she would be that strong leader we all need now!
The thing is Ukraine voted and want to stay under Russia so maybe you should butt out
How about looking at our greatest risk China. Look how they oppress their people. You look the other way at true Communist.
#BBCWorld #Ukraine #Russia 
This is what happens to those who voted for self-determination when left undefended
PUTIN WON'T BE STOPPED UNLESS THE CORRUPT PUPPET HE INSTALLED IS INVESTIGATED AND IMPEACHED.THINK OF THE COUNTRY,DAMN YOU!!
Uhh, Sen. McCain. Could you walk down Pennsylvania Ave, knock on white door, ask to see #TRUMP and TELL HIM THIS
Thank you sir for keeping these issues in the spotlight.
YOU have the power to be this "determined response" yet you are doing NOTHING!  We need your ACTION not just your talk. Help!
you have no idea what a hero you will be if you stand up to this #SoCalledPresident investigate ties to Putin! Vote No DeVos
you're all talk McCain. You're allowing this madman to take this nation down a dangerous path.
WOW would think you would help protect us & not leak your communication with commander in chief. gave U 2 much credit
why don't you be a strong defender against Russia by denying Trump legitimacy?Investigate his ties to Kremlin during election
Is Trump your Ally or Puttin's ? Shame Americans think that.  Sen. McCain please Keep Our Interest First, I Trust You
How about just keeping the sanctions first?
Senator McCain this is your destiny, to save your country from a childish cruel megalomaniac.
You KNOW Trump is Putin's puppet, right?!
IMPEACH TRUMP
