And I bet fellow officers on the Forrestal that went up in flames due to MccAin's hotdog piloting trick will have another story to tell too
McCain's jet was on flight deck, when another jet's missile misfired and hit it. I hate McCain, but don't blame him for shit he didn't do.
Actually that's not true.....
Actually, it was. I personally have seen the flight deck footage as a training video for shipboard firefighting. I know what the truth is.

I don't care. I saw the flight deck video. The rocket flew across the flight deck. McCain's plane was doing nothing.
The joy of McClain's life wasn't screwing over the American people because he has a personal Vendetta against Donald Trump? Fuck McCain.
Would love to see @SenJohnMcCain walk over to the House chamber and stick a finger in the chest of @replouiegohmert & dare him to blink
No its the bond he has with television cameras
BS, it was special treatment he received because he sang like a canary  & he got to come home a hero after he startedon USS Forrestal!
McCain's jet was on flight deck, when another jet's missile misfired and hit it. I hate McCain, but don't blame him for shit he didn't do.
And our idiot president says they are all losers if they were captured. Our incompetent president has no empathy for others, is a coward.
And for drumpf, the joy of his life 'was' bonds.
Thank you, Senator. Thank you.
I doubt his fellow POWs feel the same after he spent his POW time in an apartment with prostitutes for siding w/the enemy.
You're a stand up guy.  I wish you were my pack leader.
@SenJohnMcCain Same fellow POWs that named you Songbird for rolling on comrades?  Name, rank and SN is the code.
@SenJohnMcCain Have u given up?Prez Carter had stage 4 cancer &didn't give up. There's hope out there. Fight dammit! Try Keytruda
That is not what I read........
Prayers for Encouragement. Log in FB-Click a post to unveil the prayers. Ongoing. http://www.facebook.com/events/294960350611527/ … #CallForSundayPrayersForOurNation
When we talk about military heroes and sacrificing for our country, we're talking about people like you.
Did you lie to them and betray them like you have your constituents?  Or do you just lie to get reelected?
I think he has a personal Vendetta against Donald Trump, and will vote against anything Trump supports. Constituents be damned.
Breaking news!! Puerto Rico in need!! Trump MIA.  We are Americans . Send in the navy, Air Force!
If you are referring to the fire on the USS Forrestal, I suggest you actually look into it. I hate McCain, but that fire was not his fault.
Hey jackasses, why don't you ask him about the McCain Act Pentagon records coverup? POW families want to know. Senator McCoverup says NO.
Our country is a better place for your being part of it - thank you for being the hero you are today as you were then. God Bless You

Republicans display #TakeAKneeHipocrisy. Draftdodger Trump slams @SenJohnMcCain for being a POW, yet those "bad feet" didn't hurt his swing. 
And they affectionately called you SongBird.
FIGHT FOR THE REPEAL OF OBAMACARE AS YOU PLEDGED TO DO!  PASS THIS PROPOSAL AND MODIFY AS YOU GO!! NEED TO START NOW!!
I do not trust one word out of JohnMcCains mouth he's a liar
Who cares genus Brutus if today
While he ratted them out.  Real good guy.
The joy of mine will be when you and every other POS republican who promised to replace OCare are no longer serving (yourselves).
I cannot believe some, who call themselves Americans, can criticize a POW who survived 5+ years of torture!  THEY should be ashamed!
It is not exactly true
liar
What, you mean snitching them off and commiting treason?
Total timed PR piece interview to combat your poor approval ratings over resistance of healthcare.! Shame
McCain needs to tell what really happen when he was prisoner of war
So very sorry about your poor prognosis. You are an honorable man. I send you peace.
I love you.  God will say well done my good and faithful servant.  You are loved by many.
Wishing Sen John McCain and his family all the best. This man represents bravery at the highest level. Blessings.
Thank you Senator McCain, for serving our country. Your continued support is very much appreciated. Hope you are feeling good today!
You mean the ones he betrayed? Ha.
You turned on your best friend, your state and your party.

And Kick it in the Ass that's All any of Us can Do! #YouAreNotAlone
God Bless Senator- You and Your Family deserve A Medal! #KeepFighting
Hi Senator My Best Wishes for a Senator Who Really Cares about the AMERICAN People &Our Veterans-We Need You and Love you#ThankGodForYou
#RepealAndReplace #OBAMAcare 

#defund #GOPe

#McCain't nutt'n but a #RINO

#closet #democRAT
Remember this as you consider writing checks to fund the GOP Senatorial Committee. STOP SENDING MONEY until REPEAL. http://dailysignal.com/2017/09/24/we-hear-you-why-republicans-havent-kept-their-promise-to-repeal-obamacare/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiT0dReVltSmhNV1l3TWpKaCIsInQiOiJRckJDdlQrRDdPRXNhNWUreUlsUTQ1aU9McWdJaTF3T3g4ZkNhTTFxVm1INVZKUGlYS0gxNEpBWjZlWTgzcmlxempLU3Y3UFlUalhQa0FaUFVIV3NhRmZpTVVZd3A3MDMrVzV6d2xiTGJnTWtvVjFiTkpcL1dTSkVxV0FNNWg0cDcifQ%3D%3D …

Really that is such bs
Thank you for your service! NOW...Graham-Cassidy 2.0 has worse protections for pre-existing conditions! VOTE NO! #nograhamcassidy
Thanks for your service to our country,contribution to tobacco smoking issue...you could save 1/2mil lives/year push to outlaw smoking ever
#VETs and families need healthcare. Please don't forget: the promise was repeal & replace with something better.  Where's the better?
John. Thank you for everything.

Why do you want to hurt military retires by raising copay to make them go to military installations for scripts not everyone lives near one
Wonderful interview! I respect the fact that you have always been fair and considerate of all Americans! Stay well senator!
You love the media attention and followed right into the liberal fame. Pathetic traitor!
John please just go away now, your an embarrassment to the party and country! You are the swamp! Liar and traitor!
Quit playing the fame game. MSM kissing your butt to do their dirty work! Your pathetic!
Nobody cares,....Your not a celebrity! due your job you traitor and vote what you said you promised ...traitor!
Lies!! He ratted on them. They hated him. Why didn't you do a reunion of these men? They hated him.
John McCain is best at losing aircraft and presidential elections.
Mc Cain would not only stand & put his hand over his heart but sing the Ntional anthem not like the  NFL. Stevie Wondet
Mc Cain was a great American hero. His time is passed through, and he needs to step down.
There are no other bonds like those you form with your fellow soldiers.   Nothing compares.
Arizonians need to recall! #RepealAndReplace
Senator, you give us hope for a better America!  Truly a hero! 
A grateful Dem!
Please leave the Senate and join you old fellow POW's. You are a disgrace to the Senate.
Is there a bigger fool in the U.S. House than @replouiegohmert ? The good people of east Texas deserve a whole lot better than this dotard.
John do you sit down to pee?
McCain is a liar. Pardoned by Nixon for Treason. Do your research, people. MSM is feeding you a false narrative.
I just can't help falling in love with you!
Sir, I just watched 60 Min & am in tears at the sheer joy of & gratefulness that exude from you. What an emblematic human being you are!
I am sending so much love & prayers & support your way. You are not just a hero; you an example of all that is good in human nature & the US
the fellow pow's who called him a songbird?
1/2
Worry not of those who mock, for the  honor is yours and to all POWs who fought and bled for the white next to the blue,
Was that before or after you sold them out? You were only spared because of your dad while others weren't as lucky.
Sadly they don't say the same about you! They weighed 30lbs less than you when they left camp. Wonder why songbird!!
Mr. McCain ? I'm in the thought that soldier should  never be taken alive. That may sound cruel but it is true.
#Senator McCain a war hero & a hero to his nation and its people.
Great interview, very moving.  Thank you for all you have done.  Please stay strong on healthcare and getting the senate to work together.
Spill all the beans please! All the canned food you ate in the military? Open them up and let it out
Mr. McCain to help with the cancer get some black seed oil the liquid. My aunt takes black seed oil she's been cancer free for 10 years.
Such brave men.
Your a hero in my book one VietNam veteran to another. Thanks
Senator McCain is a Great Man and a True Statesmen.  Only one of a few we have today.
Yhe joy when you helped MURDER U.S. military personnel? #Traitor #Liar #DisgraceToAZ #Retire Nixon should have never pardoned you #Criminal
Show great character and I'm not always in agreement with @SenJohnMcCain but I'd love to have him potus right now.
Dear .@SenJohnMcCain, u're a brave soldierand a great hero to millions of Americans. Wishing and praying for your speedy recovery 
That was a fantastic interview sir.  You have been a good citizen and have served our country well.
Stay strong Senator, they are trying to buy your vote.
You are a so selfish to let personal feelings override Obama care
Mr. McCain, please drink Alkaline water, (as it is known to kill cancer cells), along with your treatments!  Praying 4u!
Your misdeeds of today will be how you are remembered
My father was a POW in Korea.He said he felt closer to the survivors than to his siblings, because they had been through hell together.
If I had to pick one word to describe @SenJohnMcCain , it would be #warrior .
Do they say and feel the same?
You mean his fellow elitists & DC Royalty/Aristocracy that put themselves above Americans - while stealing tax $'s & pocketing lobbyist $'s
I need insurance! Not Obamacare!
Something Donald Trump knows nothing about.
The ones mc Cain broke with his fellow constituents, he doesn't talk about!
No doubt. That was then this is now, maki g a mockery  of the health  repeal that he campaigned on.
Do what you said  you were going to do.
Give him a decent bill to vote on.
There ar e no such thing as a decent bill. Just reactionary ones. Repeal!!!!
Thank you John, an American Hero. You don't deserve the abuse from the deranged people I've seen posting. You are a hero.
He wants people to say he betrayed his constituents more than once?
Marcus Latrell and Chris Kyle make McCain look like Benedict Arnold. McCain is a US #TRAITOR and should be Court Marshaled for his crimes
@SenJohnMcCain  search John McCain  on http://veteranstoday.com  read about the so called hero Declassify the transcripts Johnny
Salute to Senate John McCain's continued courageous leadership to demand equality over partisan political division @BlackPressUSA
I salute you Senator McCain!
Best hero I've ever known  thank you for protecting us.
I can certainly respect that
You, sir, are a hero and an inspiration.
George Soros has him in his Hip Pocket
Tell us the rest john.,you stopped congress from looking for the POW's so they couldn't rat you out for treason...is right @SenJohnMcCain ?
all you Mccain fans are 100% duped. I am all about america by i dont look at the world through red white and blue sunglasses.
My thanks to a real American hero. I didn't pass the physical for military in 1970 due to asthma, which is also a pre-existing condition.
Really?! 

Wonder how many of them out there will vouch for that!
Not many you know Song Bird McCain not giving. Kerry a pass either
@SenJohnMcCain How about the ppl of AZ, or who you shld have been behind..VA in Phoenix.
I've been saying for weeks now he's not of right mind.
His greatest joy isn't the day he married? Or the birth of his children? Oh, come on! "Mr. DeVille, I'm ready for my close up.".
Thank you for your lifetime of service.  You are one the few that govern with your heart and soul.  God bless you.

Oh, you mean the ones he betrayed with his "Tokyo Rose" broadcasts?
John McCain choosing his country before his party. A TRUE HERO that stands against bìgot, bully, racist, dotard , bum President.
You to old to govern
This was an incredible piece. Thank you for your continued service Sen. McCain.
Seeing @SenJohnMcCain with new lens and great respect. Thank you for your service. #Hero
My dad had those bonds...and when he came home he kept his word....and remembered the people whom he fought to protect...you have forgot us
He served himself to the spoils of his office
This is such a crap piece of Puff, I can't stand it
Why haven't you asked him about his LIES TO THE PEOPLE OF ARIZONA?  He promised to support GETTING RID OF OBAMACARE....
You should have PLAYED THIS FOR MCCAIN during the INTERVIEW...
