Ah Senator. When you come for them, sir, you. Don't. Miss.

#AmericanHero #McCain
I hope this means what I think it means.
Well isn't that a coincidental statement. U know what they say "timing in life is everything"
I love how McCain helped tweak the timing just a bit
I'm being dense, what does this mean?
Trump's modeling agency  trafficking in underage girls under invest. McCain's tweet timing is prettty coincidental don't ya think?
Hmm. Maybe. Idk.
Google Epstein. Indicted.
!!!
Interesting.This has been problem for a decade. Now @GOP never Trumpers all over it. Gotta wonder why. @potus #maga #deplorables
We dont believe you. Tomorrow it will get the OLD @SenJohnMcCain . Cant trust you any more
@SenJohnMcCain The Dems have you wrapped around their finger. The Dems will fight till we lose country. They must be defeated not appeased!
I think you and the other Trumpers should be first drafted when the Pathological Liar starts WW3...  actions speak louder than words..
keep supporting the Deranged Clown and Liar and the Resistance will keep fighting for our country.. got your back, bro
You actually call yourselves the resistance huh?   You will not rest until America is communist. You and your party despise this country.
Thank you sir! Also for voting against Trump care & calling McConnell to task for his destructive derisive abuse of his position as leader!
Trump guilty of this as well. We have a full stop mobster in the White House. Sure wish you'd take care of it.
Go away
Thank you for leading in this!
Amazing leadership @senrobportman @clairecmc @SenJohnMcCain @SenBlumenthal to #Amend230. The voices of @kpandfamily @LynnNacole were heard.

Thank you, Senator
Please @SenJohnMcCain get answers re:#trump modeling abuse & sexual assault of young girls -we need truth not spin @senrobportman
Kudos! 
We the US People - got the shaft= Horn ... thanks ? https://twitter.com/JimRobinson3rd/status/892528715556470784/photo/1pic.twitter.com/wBcxynu2bP 
Might be nice to see u so enthusiastic about supporting ur President's legislation.
Love. Love. Love. Thank you, Sir. I would wager there was an eye twinkle with this one.
Does that include the victims of Trump Model Management? Tick-tock.
We love you here in worcester mass! 
Then you can have him, McCain is a #disgrace to his constituents a #liar, & the good he does now will always be overshadowed by that.
Can someone sponsor a bill to hold you accountable for your lies to the American people
McCain was in a POW camp for 5 1/2 yrs as a result of his sacrifice to his country.. what are you doing for you country beside Tweeting BS?
Were you there w/him?I personally know men who were.He's no hero, the men who fought & died for our country,came home with PTSD, are heroes
You need to be held accountable. You ran ads telling us you would repeal Obamacare. YOU LIED. RESIGN NOW!!
Thank you Senators.
Vote to repeal and replace Obamacare . Do your job and what you campaigned on. Don't destroy your legacy!
Care to state a reason why you want 20+million people thrown off health insurance?
Do the research, that's a lie
Glad you are staying out of D.C. where you turn coward on Republican policies. Please stay in AZ so our country can move forward. #mccain
We don't want him, he's a #Traitor #liar #disgrace to Arizona
I applaud the committee. Now, when is the committee investigating Trump Modeling Mgt? Is @gop enabling/supporting a trafficker? #complicit
Thank you!!!
What about Trump models? Can you seek justice for those girls too?
As long as you are here Russia will never win and defeat America
When are you going to cosponsor  S.66? Disabled Veterans deserve pay that we earned. When will the GOP support Vets the same as when Active?
Or are you just saying once we are used up, we no longer deserve our earned retirement or we don't  deserve  our disability compensation?
You are going to vote to put Schumer in jail? Bust up his little pedofile ring? We know better than that.
These Republicans R not Republicans need to find Repub opponents in their district to run against them. @senrobportman @SenatorCollins Judas
Sure, who wouldn't be proud of that. Also it's a plus to get political points and #exploit their trauma for your popularity. I c u @gop
Thank you!
Good first step towards investigating the Trump Modeling Agency for trafficking minors
Hey John. Great job. How about holding the Pres responsible for that as well?
Does this bill single out backpage or all the services that they would inevitably move to? Seems like a waste to single out just backpage.
You should hold yourself accountable for all the human trafficking, by Mexican smugglers, you have turned a blind eye to in your own state.
Apple of my eye right now Senator♡
Start with the Great Pumpkin and get him the f^ck out of our White House!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey Senator, don't forget about Facebook and twitter. Facebook has tons of those ads
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain I hope @GlblCtzn is commending your exceptional service! I hope to see you at #GCFest
Great! Am unclear on whether its "narrow tailoring" will also apply to TrumpModels Biz, other  trump victims through Epstein?
Then why don't you support securing the border? That's right your favorite resort would loose all of their maids and service staff.
Hmmm- it will come out- I'm praying- exposed
Where's the Justice John? When RNC chair son helps block charges for my kid? She was raped at 2 yrs John! And never charged in yr? Tell her!
Does that include the victims of DJT who will surely be written off as fake news. What about my daughter rapist not charged bc big $ father?
And how about victims of trump models?
Senator McCain: Thank you for this and for so much else. Your health care vote was right and just and brave. Thank you for protecting us!
Ah McCain, the old bastard who dont understand technology, voting on bills regulating technology. Ridiculous.
Speaking of " victims of sex trafficking", when will the Senate investigate Trump's Modeling agency?
Looking into Trump's trafficking of young girls?
Every person who follows McCain must read this article.

You have lost your set as senator! Deal with it! Traitor!
Hey tough guy..  how you being the first to be drafted, front line combat..vlo when your boy Trump starts WW3  go for it big guy!
BRAVO Sir!! A true hero! I pray for your recovery every night 
Ah ha! I see where this is going.
Hmmm....paving the way for similar indictments in the WH perhaps??

John McCainさん

    Glad to cosponsor ◯◯'s bill

Thank you very much

@SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman
#RetireMcCain
Are we subtly setting the stage for something?
I have incredible respect for JMcCain n RPortman. But JM is w/out question American Hero n/just 4 his serv, b/4 Standing UP n tel/TRUTH 2Pow
HEROES! ALL WHO SIGNED AND WORKED ON THIS BILL...HEROES!
Thank you, Senator.
I may not always agree with You on policy decisions, but I have much respect for you as a Man and wish you a smooth & speedy recovery.
Thank you.
.@SenJohnMcCain says he's old but we know he still has something up his sleeve.  #Democracy #countryoverparty #humanity #trumprussia
Does he know about the Trump model deal?
Please feel better Senator McCain... and once again, THANK YOU..  Our Government IS the United States of America & We love our Country..
Thank you Senators! 
Get well Sen. McCain!
Bipartisan support too... very glad to see both parties working together. Hope this legislation helps bring justice for victims  .
You Rock!
It comes from the top...... Examples from the Best & the Brightest used to be our model...
Nice timing on this bill gentlemen. Our president should be so very pleased, not.
We cannot afford this indecency.... this violation of our Values & Trust...

THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE CRADLE...

TAX EVASION - DRAFT DODGING - PIMPING.. ALL in the trump familia...
YOU WILL DISAPOINT CAUSE THAT'S WHAT YOU DO
We will be glad to see You Go!!
Thank you for your service Sir!! 
what about all those weapons and cash you were funneling into Syria to terrorists?
Will Trump be held accountable?
Someone needs to check into Trump Modelling Agency...
Wishing you the best during your treatment, Sen. McCain. Never stop fighting.
What abt holding Trump Modeling Agency accountable?
Did @KellyannePolls apologize to you for referring to you as a MONSTER?
Sen McCain may God be the doctor to intercede and heal you of your infliction. You are the people's hero 
Excellent!
Thank you for doing such an important thing @John McCain
I still think its free speech.
Thank you
John "Dossier" McCain dazed and confused as always, and now with more medical reasons to ignore his brain ramblings than ever before.
How about you and all the other Trumpers be the first drafted when the Deranged Clown throws us into WW3?
Thank you, Sen.
Too bad you couldn't support Arizonans for cheaper healthcare. Thanks Democrat McCain
This is a fantastic step in the right direction.  You are a true hero!
Are you still talking???? Haven't you said enough????
Good news! You've moved up 1 on the Phoenix VA waiting list.
It's good to see some substantive legislation being presented & hopefully passed.
Thank you on behalf of my family and so many others.
Start with trump
Rino just GO TO SLEEP! Jealousy of @realDonaldTrump
I mean shouldn't you look close to the WH for people who have done this
But you couldn't vote for repeal, I wonder how you'd do with Obamacare facing this medical crisis like the rest of us??????
Sir I know ur recovering and under treatment but why has @realDonaldTrump let the sanctions bill sit on his desk since the 28th?
Thank you! You guys are the greatest!
Dear Senator McCain, how about #Afghan Security Forces feed and supported by US tax dollars are practicing child sex abuse?Pl get it stopped
Johnny don't get paid Johnny don't care
Your gig is up @SenJohnMcCain, Americans know where your priorities are, what's your foundation worth now?
No, your gig is up.. when Trump starts WW 3, you and all the other Trumpers should be first drafted... actions speak louder than words..
Excellent!
What about Trump Modeling Agency?
lol your kidding right.... you could not care less you clod
RETIRE OR BE VOTED OUT
His days are numbered!
DEAD RINO TWEETING
Do you know how to cook some awesome Huevos Rancheros John?   
This is why you need to retire.   Government expensively causes problem.  Government expensively tries to fix it.

Start with all of Donald and jeffrey Epsteins cicrims
Trafficking is a huge issue in the US and abroad. Thanks for standing up for this.
