Back stabbing republicans is the last thing Trump, my president needs.
McCain 2020

please let your boyfriend Flimsy know we thing you two are dating. And Democrats , change party's.
Stop it. We don't want to hear from you! You run oof at the mouth too much.
CBS?? #hacks
just go ahead and switch to communist party. Get it over with stop pretending.
support President Trump! I'm so disappointed in you!  You are the swamp!
Two names McCain and Graham keep coming up consistently as obstructionists to POTUS policies. STOP or face RECALL!
go head and change parties you're acting like a Democrat
Got better things to do than watch you, gotta trim my toes nails! Your not in board, vacate!
please help our nation get this CRAZY man out of power
John you are traitor we all knew you were and you show it day by day!
Trump is testing the waters, get rid of him soon or it will be to late and the constitution won't matter. USA will be fascist
it is all about you John - pathetic
You lost. Trump won. Stay off tv.
Keep the fight going!
STOP OPPOSING TRUMP! AMERICA VOTED FOR HIM
You always talk to the mainstream and not to fox. Wonder why? Maybe U R Dem. not Rep..
U know #Bannon has no business on SecConcil. Fight this w every fiber!
You and your lover Lindsay can finally be popular. Look all of the libtards love you!
Looking forward to seeing you stand up for what's right...
impeach him now
http://m.dailykos.com/story/2017/1/29/1627096/-Trump-Has-Illegally-Bypassed-Senate-Consent-on-Bannon-Appointment-to-NSC …
McCain is a traitor to the GOP party and those who support our President.  FOOL!
so sad that you continue to be a rhino - no wonder you lost when you ran
thank you for speaking on @FaceTheNation Bannon on Nat'l Security Council is very, very, very concerning. Any way to block?
John, I'll give you a 101 on the constitution. @FaceTheNation @CBSNews @POTUS
counting on you Senator to impeach President Bannon!!!!
celebrity game johnny mackinsane live in prime time faux-rino demo
give them hell !!!!
Thank you for being a true hero.  PLEASE #StandUpToTrump
murder that they commit is on you and your disgusting ally, Graham. (3/3).
have betrayed the People. WE DO NOT WANT Islamic madmen in OUR streets. Every single rape and.
WE think not. You have shown us ALL that you are now a Democrat in word and deed, and you...
<< all Alt Left Media with Alt Left Senator, John McCain appearing. Fake News!
and we (your constituents) appreciate it.  Now, make SoS nom answer his thoughts on ban before confirming
give 'em hell McCain!!
This restructuring of the NSC is senseless.
thank you for being the leadership the @GOP needs. Fight!!
really liked your statements of concern about the NSC on @FaceTheNation this morning. 

Always be that honest.
w ejection of jt chiefs how can you still believe in tillerson
thank you for standing up to Trump!
you do a great job criticizing the president but you have had decades and have done nothing!
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain .. Please keep fighting Trumps' madness.
John McCain needs to stop undermining everything President Trump does. John needs to retire!
Steve Bannon? For God's sake-DO SOMETHING!!!
Why is John McCain even relevant anymore? Maybe b/c he's the example of whats wrong in DC!!!
less tAlk- more action -
Senator McCain, please please please be a voice of reason. #BannonOut
Why don't you just change party and get it over with?
- move to impeach that crazy man! For the love of our great country
You Need to somehow get both parties to unite against this ban. We look like fools in the world!
Get behind your commander and chief!!!
life long Democrat, but was not afraid of you winning the Presidency, deep respect for you. Please stand up to Trump
this is why we voted for you! You do what's morally right! Thank you Senator!
stand up for immigrants-  take down Trump and his hate-
Of course you are trying to get as much attention as possible from the left. So pathetic. #Divisive
Please be the great American hero u r Senator and call this POTUS out for his recklessness!
SELL OUT.
ITS SAD UR ONLY FOLLOWERS NOW ARE LIBS AND MSM LOOKING FOR ANTI-TRUMP VOICES. U ARE DEFINITION OF IRRELEVANT
you rock it @SenJohnMcCain and  @FaceTheNation @CBSNews Keep fighting the hard fight and encourage your senatorial colleagues to do the same
Sen McCain, the GOP needs to show leadership and recover the US from the precipice of disaster
@ananavarro @AlexMorash @cnni @AC360 Jeffrey Lord ..out of touch w reality How can Lord defend Trump's mess. He's a nutter!
Thank you for not being afraid to talk about consequences of EO actions this week.
putting IRAN in is a wise action with country so hard to make some head way?Or trying to do opposite!
8 years ago you did the right thing. Here's your chance.
Thank you for your continued service to the US, and for standing up for the Constitution!
Make America proud, stand up for what we stand for! Don't let Trump represent us as bullies.
where were you when Carter did the same thing.  How dare you not support the President
Bannon is a #clearandpresentdanger to #democracy and this #nation
please remove Bannon from NSC; restore Joint Chiefs & Nat. Intell
I am starting to feel your corrupt
Stand up to Steve Bannon!  We need you now.
Thank you Mr President for trying to keep our country safe.
Sir, please retire and go home.
regardless of your sympathy for some policies all must be rejected until POTUS backs off
YOU WILL DO NOTHING!!!!
Thank you for bringing some attention to the dangerous "reorganizing" of the NSC.
this can be your moment, please do what's right and speak out against the #muslimban #countryoverparty #resist!!
please do the right thing - stand For our values. Against the immigration ban.
Begging you & other sane members to fight against the ban & Bannon on  Security Council. Our Democracy is in serious peril!
Please be the patriot we know you to be and get rid of this fascist horror!
You know he is driving us into #DisTrumpia
impeach Trump
Please rise up against this man. These policies are not those of the citizens of the US
Impeach McCain
Will you vote to convict?
I know you have the courage to say and do what is right, no matter what.  Counting on that courage now.
CONGRESS needs to get it together CHECKS & BALANCES!
Senator McCain please stand up against this dictator! Fight for Americans, not for Trump and his Russian cronies! We will be watching.
#stopbannon
cowardly response.
Republican Party will cause the failure of United States by facilitating T . Shame on you for killing the greatest democracy in the world.
Thank you, Sen. McCain, for speaking up.
Mr. Senator, the country craves your leadership on the immigration ban. Thank you.
we're watching you and GOP Leaders...please be the respectable man I think you are -FIGHT THIS
Steve Bannon has no place on Natl Security Council. Or in the White House. #NoHate #NoBannon
discuss? No senator we need u to do something. We're counting on you.
now is your time to stand up for what you know is right or just be a useless politician.
I didn't watch, but I hope you finally have a backbone to do what is right. Impeach him!
please do something.  Anything.
Thank you from a fellow vet for standing up for true American values!
do the right thing Senator
Stand up to Trump and Bannon now. We have your back. Impeach.
Please help us. Please be our hero.
u r a war hero,but b hero now and stand up for USA. Stop putting party before http://country.NOW . Please!
Bannon is staging a coup right under everyone's noses....it's up to you to stop it!  He literally wants to destroy our govt!!
Will you still support Cabinet appointees in light of #NSC shakeup?
Just go away already. You fight your own party. Do you even know who you represent anymore?
either get on board or get the hell out of the way. It's not a Muslim ban UR just concerned about reelection #Opportunist
Everything you said is of concern to Americans, not just democrats. He is a dictator in chief.
thank for for calling out Bannons placement on the NSC. America needs you more than ever!
we need Congress to have moral courage, not partisan loyalty. Take a firm stand against Trump!
IMPEACH President Bannon and his delusional sidekick, Trump. UPHOLD the Constitution! Be everyone's HERO!
Senator, please help me- I need you!   America
Dear John, how many American soldiers have you killed today while you were busy defending illegal aliens? #recallmccain
Are you going to stand with Trump?
Perish Please.
McCain listening to you speak is torture. 
Have you considered retirement ??..
.@SenJohnMcCain @FaceTheNation @CBSNews Just watched...you are one of the sane Reps. Please do not back down. This is not a party line thing
Thank you for fighting for this country's values.
Senator, the cause of Liberty needs help from sane Republicans. #WereStillHere
Country over party. Please remember that!
hour about you join THE NATION and address national security and Bannon
you can call me and I'll do it if you don't want to!

Good get this #moron on track.
Stop Trump please!
please keep fighting ban #NoBanNoWall #NoBannonNoWall #NoBanOnRefugees #NoBanOnImmigrants #NoMuslimBan #ConstitutionalCrisis
McCain....you are my President!  I'm depending on you to impeach this crazy man we call Prez!
McCain pied in the face on TV, speaking before Strategy of POTUS to not reveal to terrorists in advance .RINO
Sir:We the People want to know what Congress is doing about the POTUS business conflicts of interest & Russian interference.
YOU haven't done sh@t John McCain. Support our president!! #draintheswamp
.@SenJohnMcCain CAUSED soldiers to be shot down, taken POW and their deaths. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuTemj7fmUY … @FaceTheNation @CBSNews @POTUS
#TheQuietCoup Sen McCain-would like to know why you have not confronted Trump on the MuslimBan
Sen, you've been a hero to me. A #maverick that fought for a principled, bipartisan America.
You guys need to real your boy in a little before you can't
Voted for McCain, now learn he is a RINO, neocon, & GOP elite, My mistake!
Rinos on parade! MCCain , Portman.  Where were you John when Obama did the 6-month pause?
- immigration bans and christian preferencebis classic ISID propoganda
What did you say, sir?
We are all waiting for the people who are here to protect us to do so.. please don't let us down
We're counting on you to provide checks and balances! We need your leadership to stop Trump!
John - we look for Congress and Senate to engage with WH in more thoughtful decision making
Please keep Trump in check, as our nation enters such a dark time. All of us are counting on your leadership! Thank you Sir.
I hope you stand up for us. I am so afraid for America. You are rational .
Senator your words were a breath of sanity. thank you. p.s. I was among the O'hare protestors
Senator, you better support POTUS
John it's not about you. Stop being an ego maniac. The pres has a strategy if u can shutup
.@SenJohnMcCain .@FaceTheNation .@CBSNews Senator McCain, I truly believe that your oversight governance is more important today than ever.
you must stand up to him John! Be the maverick you need to be! Think of your legacy!
people over politics McCain. You know in your heart this ban evil and divisive.
please stop this madness our future is at stake
Please stop trumps sick agenda, please cross party lines, america needs your support
please do more! The republicans will be on wrong side of history. Please lead your party and stop @SpeakerRyan's cowardice.
I hope you speak out against #MuslimBan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLE32q0czWk …
how have you not addressed Bannon yet? This is a security threat!
LOUDER ACTION PLEASE. @SenJohnMcCain you have a pivotal role to ACT. Please...Americans need u
Where is your stand on the ban??? This is wrong & you know it. Where is your honor & decency?
stand up to the president. He is not a king and the USA is not his kingdom. Take a stand.
we're counting on you Senator.
We are counting on you to protect our democracy.  Thanks for standing up against torture and for immigrants
are you going to discuss how he is a threat to national security? That's what I want to hear
Sen.:Machiavelli & more recently Corleone "keep your friends close but your enemies closer" apply it 2 Russ.
He has taken your party to an authoritian dictatorship. You seem to be one of few who is noticing. Please stop him
