Do you state a great service swallow your pride and vote for the Graham new health care bill you owe it to the American people
Our healthcare needs even more investment. Please vote NO on the new deathcare bill. Put aside friendship and party lines and vote for US.
Then maybe instead of blocking Obama you should have supported when he wanted to help them
Benedict.
Shut up fraud
Your vote on the healthcare will effect the entire country, not just Arizonians. Please vote no. Make @USNavy proud.
I can only pray that this senator realizes that like me he will always have a pre-existing condition and vote NO. Compassion please
Yes it does but healthcare for all should be just as important. America can be strong enough to take care of ever American citizen NO FAIL.

Analysis: The United States just hit $20 trillion in debt. Republicans have a plan to make it worse http://wapo.st/2hlupeA 
Good thing trump is president. Your buddy Obama ran it in the ground. But yet you support him. How ironic
Our healthcare needs investment.
Please don't make it at the cost of healthcare. $700bn for the military but cutting healthcare for sick, poor, elderly, women??? Vote no!
Vets need Healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
I'm sure that after the moving speech about "regular order" you will vote against this latest bill...at least til CBO scores it. #notworried
I can only pray that this senator realizes that like me he will always have a pre-existing condition and vote NO. Compassion please
And the veterans in need of health care need you to vote No on Graham Cassidy.
I can only pray that this senator realizes that like me he will always have a pre-existing condition and vote NO. Compassion please
Please don't let us down oh health care! Say NO!
Wow the ignorance is astounding must be just bots here...
You know John I'm starting think you are just out for revenge on Donald Trump and don't care about fixing our medical.
Consensus??? How about you try humility and peace before you depart this world. Stop being so very evil and support single payer!
I agree but does it all have to be done in one year? Big $ job.
Neglect?  #JohnThumbsdownMcCain   Really?  What happen to repeal and replace. Yeah thats what i thought. Neglect
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy

How can you say that when we spend more than the next 8 countries COMBINED? Gross mismanagement of funding!
What have you been doing all these years!!!
WTH happened?  Why are you supporting this new trump bill on health care?  I was a fan of of yours until this.  Easier to give in?  SMDH.
Sick and disabled people are waiting to hear what you are going to do. Quit torturing them.
  Have the courage to tell them your vote.
How about healthcare research?
Year of neglect? What are you smoking?
When are going to retire???
They are all right. We can not lavish an already great military and leave Americans to die 
w/o healthcare.
Look at all the liberals begging you to vote no on what you promised for 8 years to do. Repeal and replace its your duty.
Or free college, or healthcare for all--lots of options with that money. Plz vote down the graham Cassidy charade.
Our military gets hurt when we send them off to war. Vets need healthcare. What are you doing?#GrahamCassidy
mcpain, here is your chance to vote against your fellow r's & this time your buddy Graham....I'm sure u will do the pussy thing again.
What about the millions of Americans that will lose insurance?  Ppl will die because of #GrahamCassidyBill  Vote NO on #ACA repeal
You are a hero-BUT voting 4 the Graham/Cassidy bill will PERMANENTLY destroy your legacy in my mind & many others..#GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Taking care military,happy. What about Health Care 4 Americans. This your insurance could U get health care?Will always respect U.Praying
Thanks for the BAH cuts and Tricare fee hikes.
Our military needs less investment if we are killing off the veterans of 1 million because or #trumpcareKILLS
So does our healthcare system for vets and other citizens!
So does our Health care, fix ACA!!!
I couldn't disagree more.
So the military are going to build roads and bridges here in the USA?  Set up triage camps and health clinics all over the country? People
Schools, roads, bridges, health care need investment. As a vet even i recognize this sen.
Are you voting for Kochcare? They bought and pd for this bill and buddy sold his soul. Shame on R's for not repairing the ACA.
Seriously, years of neglect? Where's the $600 Billion PLUS going? $300 Billion Defense Budget in 2000. Lying John McCain.
At the expense of the taxpayers who can't afford healthcare. There's always $ found for guns isn't there?
Americans also deserve consensus on a healthcare bill. #GrahamCasiddy is not bipartisan. It is a GOP catastrophe in the making.
How about keeping our youth healthy so our country has people to defend it you can't neglect our youth the expect them to fight for country
This is just not so.
Please say " No" on the healthcare repeal. You know deep in the pit of your stomach it is wrong. Put country before party.
So do the people of Arizona. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
but let citizens die without healthcare that saved your life! do what do you care
As a "hero" of our military, you remained silent when Obama cut funding for real heroes. Sleep on it.
People over guns! #noTrumpcare!
A yes vote for this repeal effort means you don't truly care about your constituents safety, but only perpetual war.
Yes. Finnaly leadership emerging
Mccain like the USS Mccain is a dunkoff out of control,he parrots this stuff not realizing  military budget was increased 50% from 2016-2017
Hey @RandPaul  do you think @SenJohnMcCain personally benifits financially and/or politically from this absurdity?
They should have what they need but hard for me to see 700B when we are told must cut back on ppls basic medical care. Can't we do both.
Agree. Thumbs down on Graham/Cassidy. Even if he’s your friend it’s bad for the American People
What happened during the 8 years of Obama? Didn't hear a peep from you? You did make a lot of money though didn't you?
Get on board with @POTUS or we will derail the @GOP at the next polls
You mean you need a new vacation home? Thought we'd fall for it again, didn't you...
stick to your guns on the NO healthcare vote. it literally means life or death for 32 million
If only the health care "reform" took care of veterans. Grow a spine and say you are a NO vote.
Military does need support AND so does health care. As a Republican. I implore you. VOTE AGAINST this new ACA proposed repeal/replace.
You need to retire asap
Need a pay raise too... This new Gramm bill will hurt Vets too Senator. Need your NO vote on that! Wrong thing to do to agree with Gov.
Normal order. Kill #grahamcassiday
Now the chance to come to a bi partisan agreement to help the ACA is   dead. As will be many, many of your constituents if this bill passes
Please remember your words regular order please
Years of neglect?  Should I just hand you my wallet?

Sir, Don't think what you do is fooling America. Your gig is up. We know ur only out to save ur self @ this point! It may be to late. 
Are you really going to vote to take away people's healthcare?
NO on Trump Care. Phony crooks in Congress just want cuts for billionaires. @DRUDGE_REPORT @POTUS @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @nytimes
Why?  We have the largest budget in the world already.  They are not spending correctly, why give more?
No. Congress just needs to learn to budget and do so fairly.
How is it we have billions to spend on military hardware but not 30 million to ensure every American has Healthcare coverage
so invest in the military but cut veterans healthcare?
Who cares what you think!!
My husband is only 50 years old and has MS and a genetic bleeding disorder PLEASE DON'T VOTE TO KILL HIM HE'S ALL I HAVE!
Vote NO on ACA Repeal. Americans don't need access, they need affordable care for existing conditions!!
U sir have been part of the swamp that allowed it to happen. We don't forget.
Investment requires objective understanding of efficiency. When was the last audit of the navy?
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Sen McCain I have great respect 4 u continue 2 b voice of reason & don't allow this hlthcare/ins legislation get pushed through. Do the work
1,750,000 veterans will be hurt by the Cassidy/Graham healthcare bill. What do you have to say to them?
Come on Johnny save our healthcare...save your soul.
Stop flushing money down Military I.C. toilet & start focusing on single payer & infrastructure or we won't have a country worth defending.
Does this look reasonable to you, Senator?
I think probably humans need a little investment as well. I would definitely choose to provide healthcare over building up military.
Why can we afford this, and not healthcare?
This is where we part company.  We have enough bombs to destroy the planet....our goal should be world peace.
The military has never been neglected.
I'm glad that you agree, take care.
R u going to support Graham's h/c bill just because McConnell gave u credit 4 Def Bill? Tax cut 4 rich vs no h/c 4 millions.
Get with the program, budget, health care, taxes, immigration, hurricane relief.  Oh yeah can't walk and chew gum. RETIRE Brutus
Why?  So the idiot in chief can saber rattle more countries?
Military can wait. We need to promise not to strip away healthcare. Please vote no on the current Graham-Cassidy bill.
It appears it takes more heroic courage to say no to #CassidyGraham than survive POW camp. Be the hero you can be vote no!!
Mr. McCain, you have the best healthcare. This will allow you to live much longer than if you didn't. Don't we all deserve the same?
John why aren't u protecting Americans? Give us decent http://Healthcare.You 're in your 80s & u won't run again, help the average American
After years of neglect Americans deserve continued ACA. We pay for your treatment will you deny ours?
You missed a chance to free up billions of $$ from ACA, but your vote against the repeal... did it. Those $$ could have paid for defense.
Based on your criteria for voting down BCRA, pls vote no on Graham-Cassidy. No committee mtgs, no debate, no CBO. Not regular order. Please.
Wld be ironic 2 hve strong military protecting country while its citizens became destitute & even died due 2 lack of health care.Pls vote no
You should quit brown-nosing the press and start support @POTUS. #MAGA @foxnation
John, our military budget was $601 Billion in 2015. Name one other country spending even half that much on their military and I'll concede.
Funny! USA spends substantially more on military than any other country. Might want to investigate how the money was squandered.
My daughter had cancer as a child and went thru 3+years of chemo.  Insanely expensive & horrific-right? Vote NO  to help folks.  Vets & kids
So single payer will be better?
How you going to vote on this HC bill?  Is your legacy going to be one of compassion or tax cuts for the rich?
Who is going to invade us, Senator McCain?
"Buried in the mammoth bipartisan NDAA: $700+ million in arms for Israel, $558 million more than Trump requested http://aipac.org/learn/resource …"
Our military answer call of duty goes 2 end of world defending freedom! Who will defend millions Americans #ACA here at home?Counting on you
Neglect? That's like saying a 600 lb guy who can't get out of bed was neglected because he only got 5000 calories https://www.usgovernmentspending.com/defense_spending …
Sir, with respect, what good does it do to have a strong military if people die because they can't afford healthcare?
Stop it loser!
Sir, please remember that your healthcare doesn't begin & end in an ER. No one's should. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy 4 the good of the nation
Pls vote against this BS "healthcare" bill and protect your constituents and all of us! #resist
Vote no on new healthcare bill. It is the right thing to do for the most vulnerable.
A lot of elderly folks in AZ would suffer...homeless old folks! Some families don't have the means to take in a parent. Sadly...
Lives of my two grandsons w/serious preexisting conditions are in your hands. I am resident of AZ. Doug Ducey doesn't speak for me.
What about me? I can't afford Obamacare! So I don't count?! Get the government out of healthcare!
All http://the.money  we spent on military didn't stop Russia from installing a puppet in the White house.
Then put our military FIRST! Stop with all the transexual/transgender & illegal alien crap! Grow the hell up and do your job! Or retire.
John McCain... you must vote NO!
35+ cancer orgs, representing 16 MILLION #cancer pts & survivors, ask Sen to vote NO on harmful #ACA repeal (844) 257-6227. #ProtectOurCare 
The CBO says it will not have time for a full analysis. We deserve to know the facts. VOTE NO! #noGrahamCassidy
Corrupt legislators is what we're dealing with. Could care less about human lives as long as Koch & Mercer's r happy & funding reelection
Keep up the pressure and let them know you will not accept their bad behavior. Do not let any discouragement silence your voice.
When our military spending dwarfs all other nations, it is hardly neglected. How much money did we waste on the shayrat missile strike?
700 Billion? Just think what that could do for healthcare.  Priorities!
GOD SAYS,"TO LOVE" Thou shalt NOT KILL! Our military may be mighty BUT JESUS' IS GREATER THAN he who is in WORLD!
What we need is you not voting to fuck over everyone will this healthcare bill. Vote NO!
I know you know graham Cassidy is bad policy. Don't break under partisan pressure. VOTE NO.
Please stand tall. You know what's just! Giving tax cut 2 rich @ the expense of millions losing all h/c is just plan cruel.
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Did you see this one? This guy Rips McCains entire life. And strangely I believe every word of it.
John, you mean the reason so many ships are running into things is because they need another $700 B. to hire someone to stay awake?
With all due respect, you are  wrong!! The money we're wasting on the military we could be investing on countless things 4 the better
We shouldn't spend a DIME on the military until EVERY American has healthcare!
Neglect? It’s the biggest army in the world.
The kind of investment you need is education. You need to provide better training/education for personnel.
Traitor McCain should step down.
Sen McCain, please stop the awful healthcare bill that is being pushed by GOP.  
People don't choose to get sick. They should not have to be go bankrupt to pay for healthcare
Key thing was it was done in a Bipartisan effort .
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
A Good Day, @SenJohnMcCain of ARIZONA, Armed Services Committee (Chair)
People need care, not military. 
Me. Dane with healthcare.
Mccain doesn't care
I agree you should have to pay for your own Healthcare and it should be capped for benefits...just like you are proposing for us.

I hope you will continue to vote no on Trumpcare even if McConnell is buying off Arizona.
Our Healthcare system also needs investment. Please don't vote to take away my Healthcare. I didn't get a vote on whether or not I got sick.
Meanwhile thousands of people may die if the inhumane health care bill goes forward. Please do the moral and just thing.
What about healthcare? Are you still going to vote no on this repeal bill?
NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. NO G-C BILL. 
Vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill.
