Ps, he called me yesterday to tell me to watch this documentary!
 HERO. My dad was a SAC Pilot USAF- alive, healthy, and well - living on his own at 92! True heros!!!
A hero you are Mr. McCain.. Thanks to all who risk their lives for this Country. We salute you!
Thank you Senator! America needed you then, and we need you now.  You are an unwavering patriot and good human being. Wish you all the best.
Your hatred of Trump is affecting ur judgement. Keeping Obamacare in place has removed what remaining respect we had 4 you. Time to retire.
How do you know that hatred for Trump is in John McCain's heart? I think he wants bipartisan legislation on healthcare & I applaud that.
Unfortunately bipartisan support from the Dems is an impossibility
I think that Senator McCain might disagree with you, Captain.
I think Sen. McCain has personal issues with @realDonaldTrump and is voting from that bias.  Nothing more, nothing less.

glad you in good spirits Happy New Year's and gratefully honored
I am glad you were able to return home. I was lucky to have my father return also he did 2 tours (I came in between). Sad...huge war coming
That's heartwarming
Once a hero, always a hero. Thank you for fighting for the American people, John McCain, on the battlefield, as a POW, and as a US Senator.
Dude.....really
I think you mean Trump
Jose jnj_kahl is a Bot. Has 31,000 tweets in 5 mos. Look at the number of tweets or do chrome reverse image search to see or ask Alexa!
He supports NAZIS in Ukraine....

http://www.businessinsider.com/john-mccain-meets-oleh-tyahnybok-in-ukraine-2013-12 …
Now That's Crazy! Everyone knows he supports only American nazis. Your friends, sorry, the Russians would have you believe that though!

Pro publica. Sen. John McCain for his alleged support of Ukrainian neo-Nazis, echoing language in tweets from Russian outlets RT and Sputnik
Thank you for your service, @SenJohnMcCain!  You are a giant among men in so many ways.
Thank you, John, for your service; thank you for all you do for America!
Thank you for your service—then and now, Sir.
Will sure be watching. You are an American hero. Thank you Senstor
Thank you for your service.
Thank you sir, for your brave and unwavering service to our country.
Your service to this country is admirable @SenJohnMcCain Thank You!
Look at all the Democrats that love you once again Songbird. All you had to do was screw over those already screwed by ObamaCare
Nixon pardoned you.  REPEAL OBAMACARE.  You said you would, we voted for you. You lied.  Traitor!

It is a blessing to have a hero in our Senate. Cannot imagine the pain you suffered as a POW. Thank you for standing up for the people.
Hidden truth: trump enemy of outdoorsmen and womenEPA met with mining CEO before policy shift
I saw that. What you went through. Hero.
It's not on again until Sunday. But thank you very much for your service and courage.
Senator McCain Thank you you're a true Hero.
Senator, thank you for your service.
Notice It is always about John McCain Nothing about the 6oo POW he left behind cover up on. COME CLEAN John McCain
Do you find it hard to watch?
Thank you Senator MCCain for your lifetime of service to our people, human rights and our democracy
I'll check it out
Sen McCain was a war hero and POW unlike Trump whose had his daddy used his riches and lies to keep Trump safe under mommy feathers.
I respect what u did, Senator, but there were many heroes that gave more than u did in Vietnam. They lost their lives in heat of battle!
When you sold out your fellow Americans in that cell in Vietnam,was when you sold your soul. Makes selling out America on Health Care easy.
My daughter desperately needs Mayo clinic. Sobbing on the phone because obamacare is not accepted. They want 10k in reserve cash to see her.
Members of Congress are all on Obamacare.
I call BS.
You are a true hero! God bless!
I am appalled by some of these comments. You people should be ashamed of yourselves. Thank you for you service Senator.
God bless you John McCain.
I appreciate your service....NOW APPRECIATE US AND RETIRE
Good men died in Vietnam-- Obamacare is killing a lot of us too. You sold out just because of jealousy toward President  Repeal Obamacare
You are not "heroic" if you are punished for trying to massacre civilians in Hanoi with bombs. #McCain #gop
#McCain "I am a war criminal" "I bombed innocent women and children" https://willyloman.wordpress.com/2008/07/04/the-real-mccain-part-one-not-a-fighter-pilot/ … #tRump  @SenJohnMcCain
#Vietnam: Another American Caused Holocaust - Bombing Vietnam https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KIvAXPEcaE … #McCain @SenJohnMcCain #tRump #gop
#JohnMcCain was trying to massacre the peasants who saved his life. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-542277/How-war-hero-John-McCain-betrayed-Vietnamese-peasant-saved-life.html … #tRump #gop #VietnamWar
Some fellow prisoners believe #McCain was not physically abused at all http://original.antiwar.com/giraldi/2013/05/29/john-mccain-war-hero-or-something-less/ … #gop #WarMongers
#WesleyClark was condemned for exposing #McCain’s lack of heroism — but not for his own "obscene" bombing of #Kosovo
Hypocrite #McCain called high-altitude bombing in #Kosovo "obscene" because civilians were going to get killed. https://www.democraticunderground.com/discuss/duboard.php?az=view_all&address=389x4185573 …
#McCain can finally display “good conscience” in avoiding doing harm to #InnocentCivilians by voting against unconscionable #tRumpDontCare.
The middle class is struggling with health care premiums. Pass the new bill. Then repeal it and replace it with something else

Some will be left out, regardless. Giving fairness & reasonableness a chance is legitimate.  Instant gratification is your personal problem.
Ocrapacare is good for those who don't work or qualify because of their low income. Puts more of a burden on those that work.
Did you tell the truth John?
even if he did talk, he was a freakin' war hero? you ever been tortured? bet not. Bet you probably wouldn't have lasted a day where he was
People like her are just repulsive  - on every level  -  they never serve, they babble
US ARMY
Faithful to my Oath, for the rest of my life, unlike the coward and traitor @SenJohnMcCain 
#MAGA
Bet you support draft dodging  Trump tho
Thank you for your service and sacrifice.  Sorry I can't agree with your voting.
We know your character senator. You are a traitor, a coward, anti GOP and anti Trump. Y campaigned for replace Obamacare and lied to all And
I can't imagine the level of suffering you and so many others have experienced defending our country. Thank you for your loyalty to USA.
Thank you for your courage, then and now.
Please.
Military taught me to #resist because you were tortured. 
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
Did they talk about what you did that earned you the nickname "#SongBirdMcCain and/or "#HanoiJohn?" I would watch then, otherwise the...
oh stf up! he was torture in service of his country. What have you done for it.
Evenin'! Do you know why he was called #SongBirdMcCain? Any clue?
Snopes and a thousand others have debunked the myth that he gave away info. You are flat out wrong and should be ashamed
Tim, people like jaded ind voter will believe any lie that been falsely documented and altered. And, they say I did my research.. Lol!
And you will eat it up. If I am so wrong why even bother responding to my tweets? If I am so certain I am spreading lies, eventually...
Was Mr McCain captured? Was he held hostage? Did he fight for this Country? That's all should matter.
Sen. McCain, as a fellow Vietnam vet, thank you for the courage you displayed then & the courage you display now against the Trumpcare bill.
"VET" and being a Lib do not compute.
If U R referring 2 me, U need 2 up your reading skills, I'm a conservative independent. I dislike both parties equally & many people in them
Leave a review for Thomas: https://www.lawyers.com/utica/new-york/thomas-l-atkinson-563412-a/ …
Please support funding #publictelevision #PBSnews at the federal level
You have carried the scars of that war all these years without complaint or exploitation.
Def not a @SenJohnMcCain fan. #songbird #RINO
You were handsome
NFL shld tell Trump: shut up. NFL is private sector. No big govt. boycott narcissist disorder Twitter con man
You ratted out your other American POWs to save your butt, tell the TRUTH, you TRAITOR! @FoxNews @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @TheFive
We know the true story not the fabricated one.
I may not always agree with you! I am a Democrat but you are an American Hero! Much respect to you Sir! Thank you for your continued service
My respect for you continues to grow.
My best friend Donnie Clardy died there Senator. I could give a crap about your damn capture. Donnie and 58,000 others were the real heros.
Much respect, Senator.
Thank you for your service! Truly a Hero then and still now
I heard that even though you were being tortured you elected to have other POWS released before you.
God Bless you. Undeniably an hero. for u.
The left-wingers on this thread love you but you betrayed your party -switch parties & show what you are-you were a hero,now just vindictive
This is such an educational, tragic documentary! Thank you, Senator McCain, for your service then and now.
JOHN.DID.NOT.LIE-WONT PASS A LOUSY BILL
Starting to watch it now on Apple TV PBS app 
Thank  you  for  your  service  Captain @SenJohnMcCain
Great respect, Senator.
Thank you so much, for your service, and for your brave fight. Your sacrifices are many, but your dignity and ethics are still strong.
They may deserve the praise....you do not...made it on your father and grandfathers fame...not yours...capture does not make heros.....
Who remembers what Ronald Grump said about captured soldiers? Enough is enough You guys got to get this impeachment moving at mach speeds
It was brilliant! Thank U!
So impressive watching @SenJohnMcCain on #VietnamWarPBS.  Reminded me again of why you are a hero. Thank you for then and thank you for now.
Very moving episode. Bad dreams for me, can't imagine your capture. Such a cheap shot from @realDonaldTrump !!
Trump who dodged the draft three times.
Respect to a brave and principled man.
Screw you Mccain! I wouldn't watch a damn thing your in.
This series is gut wrenching. I remember seeing you get off the plane when you came home. In awe of your courage. Thank you.
So your more interested in TV shows than health care? Please retire.
Thank you for your service to our great nation and thank you for saving my families health care! 
HE  GOT THE  CANCER FROM SMOKING  LOOK  @ HIM  WAS SMOKING IN  HOSPITAL   PRISON HE SMOKE   WE PAY TOAY FOOR HIS  CANCER
I like men who don’t get captured
RETIRE
@SenJohnMcCain ur hatred for @realDonaldTrump  is more than patriotism. John McCain the traitor-GO TO HELL
Only good health, John!
Thank you for your service Sir 
Despicable what happened to you and others. But please help Arizona ppl Côte yes for healthcare bill.
You are a true hero in so many ways!
Do your job, @SenJohnMcCain, you were hired by the American people and you have betrayed your values. You are the worst kind of person.
Thank you for your service. Please vote to pass the healthcare this vendetta against Trump you seem to have needs to end please.
how about the crash you created on ship,pics of working as songbird,or pardon.Fuckin evil man My husband there.rot in hell
It's ok to thank him for his service, pray for his healing, and call him out on areas we feel he hasn't served constituents well
Thank you so, so much for your service and sacrifice. You are cherished.
An amazing story of inspirational courage and strength
This is NOT what your legacy will be!  You've let your constituents down and have lied to us on OCARE. You should be ashamed.
Thank you senator for caring about democracy and the people
Over & over, you sacrificed sir. You continue to put us first despite flack from the coward in chiefs harassment. Everyday you save lives-TY
Thank you, for your service, sir.
A true Hero
No thanks. Still trying to grapple with what you just did to this country.
Know one wants to hear your bull shit war stories and make you look like something your not a hero it's where you finish not where you start
You are a traitor.
Captain McCain—Thank you for your Military service sir
Thank you for your service sir, and we will be watching.
You, sir, are a true hero, and Americans will never forget what you have done. Thank you so much for your service (past & present) to the US
How can your service to us and your leadership ever be repaid? Thank you Senator for giving your life to your Country.
That made me cry..I really can't think of the words to express my admiration,gratitude&sadness so I guess THANKYOU and HERO will have to do
Why would we watch?  Had sympathy for you earlier but not now.  Hero worship of yourself.  Keep us free.  That is a hero.
I respect his service but his recent decision on keeping the Obama care sucks. Pure payback for ego getting hurt. While people hurt $ wise.
We also salute McCain for putting the sick, elderly and the destitute first, party second and dopey moron Trump a very distant last.
Thank You Senator McCain.
Sorry war hero card expired somewhere around the Iran contra scandal
McCain should face a firing squad as a TRAITOR.
start doing your friggin job and not paying attention to your past. Arizona hates you
https://youtu.be/JmVr7Dv1Ghs 
Thank you for your service to our country 
Thank you for your service & for putting Country ahead of Party by demanding regular order return to the Senate. Your "no" vote saves lives.
Thank you for your life of service to our country.
I've been watching #VietnamWarPBS (outstanding series), including last night's episode. Thank you for your service, sir.
I have seen every episode of the PBS documentary - last night was difficult. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service then, and now. #Hero
I think they missed some details, songbird.
Thank you for your service. Thank you for doing what is right on the Trumpcare bill.
so amazing to see this again.
You should have been kept by the Vietcong ! You are nothing but a traitor to the American People. Thank GOD you were NEVER President!
Victims can never get enough attention.  It's so sad; not like any of the rest of us didn't suffer from this disgusting war!
Thank you for your service, Sir. And what you continue to do for this country in Congress. We are blessed to have you still serve. 
Be proud of what you did in the past, because you will be long remembered for being a traitor in 2017.
They missed the part where you told them everything you knew about our missions
Sorry,this is your Legacy..bruh
Thank you sir for your continued service.
How about that wet start, though. Shew. That was kinda big. Sure got a lot of sailors killed on that ACC. PBS not reporting on that. Hmm.
A REAL HERO WHO NOW PUTS OUR LIVES IN DANGEROUS SITUATIONS WITH OUR HEALTHCARE COVERAGES IN LIMBO SO HE CAN PLAY POLITICS WITH OUR @POTUS
I m watching all but #3 was the hardest so far, left me in tears. I am grateful to Ken Burns & Lynn Novack. Thank you John and Welcome Home!
Senator, regarding healthcare reform, please change your mind & vote For Graham-Cassidy and repeal Obamacare. 
Help struggling Americans!
Such courage. You are a true hero! 
Wow! Why did they not feature you ratting out other POWs? My Cousin was with you. I KNOW WHAT YOU DID
Thank you for your service and your healthcare vote
The US can't  give you bavk the time you lost while suffering your capture, nor can we help with the pain, but know you are our hero!
That footage is unreal
I've got it on dvr. Thnx for your service in Nam and Washington. God bless you.
Will there be any mention of the draft dodging coward and traitor currently occupying the WH? @realDonaldTrump

@SenJohnMcCain aka #songbird talked like a good stool pidgeon. Go back to Hanoi John

You do know that ISIL now known as ISIS began in 1999. Some of these memes are wrong. Research before you post.
Have always been impressed with your courage during the war. Just as impressed lately with you courage in the Capitol. Thank you!
Yes you got a pardon for being a war criminal trader
Love you John. Surviving that has allowed you to protect millions of vulnerable people who need your help right now, & I know you will.
And where was Trump - oh he had a sore footsie
Thank you, Mr. McCain. You are all the good things that make a man a hero.
I saw that, Senator. I am in awe of your bravery and the bravery of all who served. Many thanks.
I watched. 
I'm from VN & have watched this since Sunday night and every night thereafter.  Knew about U & have respected U for long time until lately!
Traitor. Could have turned it around and gone out a patriot for the American people. Looks like you're going to go out a traitor
Trump. Coward and traitor. McCain. Hero and statesman. Got it?
A surreal moment to hear how bad your medical treatment as POW was followed by your brave stand for quality healthcare here.
Thank you for your service and sacrifice. To anyone leaving hateful messages, how un-American and shame on you.
Thank you for your past, present, and future service
What a man! God Bless! 45 isn't good enough to walk in John McCain ' s shadow let alone his shoes! Hell is waiting on 45! Payback is a bitch
Now please help us stop trumps right to try that will allow not just terminal to take experimental but the rest of us
Thank you sir, for your service, sacrifice, and deep love of our country! !!
thank you for your service and sacrifices.
Don't forget about the other men U left 2 die and hide all these years! http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
#ZenRU
"STRAIGHT TALK"

"we lost the Nam war
but we're gonna win the peace"
McCain memories

DFJ  7/20/17
#Zen #senryu
#SenatorJohnMcCain RT
I've been watching
Did they also play the 30+ hours of radio broadcasts you did from North vetinam? Oh, who missile defense them in library of congress?
Thank you Sir for your services
Go John !!!
We love you John !
Thank you sir, for your service.

Thank you for your service... And welcome home!!!
You have been an  unwavering American  hero for the longest extent. Thank you Sen McCain-God speed!
U stated in Nov 2016 that OCare needed to be repealed & replace. Now you're saying it shouldn't be. RINO! Traitor! RESIGN!!!
You are not a hero you are a weak individual whom has been bought and sold..You have no country.
Thank you for protecting me!
Then and now!
