Bravo pour votre courage vous êtes un grand guerrier vous allez battre le cancer nous prions pour vous
Free advice: @MeghanMcCain move away from Fox News. Used to like her; recent years, tho, she's indistinguishable from any rando Fox whiner.
Prayers to you @SenJohnMcCain... Now, come back to Washington and do the right/just/moral Vote for US Health Care!!
His legacy is destroyed by the word yes. #Shame
yes it is senator McCain. she is smart and loves you dearly. you are in good hands for sure....love @MeghanMcCain

God bless your dad, and may he heal completely and quickly.

Pray for REAL AMERICANS instead, he has his treatment paid for, pray for the 22 million people he just KILLED.
What legacy? Liar. John McCain Is the Perfect American Lie | GQ
But - what about mine? Will you rise to the occasion today to protect me & other cancer patients from losing coverage? #McCainLegacy #VoteNo
If he votes yes to strip millions of their healthcare tomorrow, fuck his "legacy"
ALOHA!THNK'S,FOR STANDING UP,FOR ALL,#AMERICANS,GET,WELL,'WE'PRAY,FOR HEALING!GOOD HEALTH!BE,SAFE!"VETS,ALWAYS! #ALOHA!
Thank you Senator McCain!
Palin and his bullshit vote today are going to be his legacy.
Not anymore
#TheComeBackKid 4 ever in my & Thank U for @SenJohnMcCain & Family4USA PATRIOTISM @MeghanMcCain B still my #ProudAmerica & McCainsROCK
ALOHA!#DNC ARE YU'LL,ON "SNOOZ?"YOU,MUST SPEAK UP FOR ALL,AMERICANS DIVISION,IS,BEING USED TO DISTRACT,FROM,BENEFITS,BEING TAKEN?#GOP.GREED!
Viva Mr McCain glad to see you at work we need you  love
This surely can't be his legacy. Trump is going to pocket veto sanctions and sign bad healthcare! SAVE US! Vote NO on MTP!
Will the senator's legacy be helping take away life saving medical care from tens of millions of Americans, even those with means to pay?
His legacy will be changed forever tomorrow if he votes for and gives cover for Republicans to kill hundreds of thousand Americans. #shame
If you did say this it would be wise to submit your resignation today...  not very American of you, eh John?
You're legacy lies with @realDonaldTrump now. Enjoy. You're no maverick.  That's for sure
The legacy he decided to be remembered by was etched today. Nothing else he has done will matter when history recounts what he did today.
Add a legacy of fighting for improvements to health care by not supporting Trump's health card bill.
Senator McCain, please do not repeal Obamacare. Imagine if you didn't have the insurance you have. Look at your tab! Who can afford that?!
A wonderful tribute. Protect his legacy by not letting his first vote after diagnosis starting process to take away health care for millions
ALOHA #GOP,MUST STAND UP,FOR,OUR,"NATION"U.S.A.'WE'AS,VETS.(KOREAN WAR VET.)HAVE"EQUITY"IN,'KOREA'CALL,FOR PEACE,SPEND,$'S,FOR PEACE!RIGHTS?
it was...until 10 minutes ago.  Souless vote.
his legacy will be how he votes today...his soul will pay the price if he votes yes...millions will die because of him..
So sad for the diagnosis. Prove U are the statesman we all think U R & appoint your replacement - while you can - for the good of America.
Quit talkin Doom & Gloom....We need you back in DC to get some things done for the US then retire with term limits ..Mind over Matter...
Remember God's not gonna take you until you give up or you've fulfilled his will...
Our thoughts and prayers are w you! My dad fought in naum, & always admired yr courage! God bless
Yes but you can protect Songbird for so long and what he has done to the Veterans His Karma has come home to roost
Legend of our time even though I disagree with you from time to time. Wish you best health and wonderful life, John McCain!
John I wish that you would have a say in getting rid of Trump before you go to heaven. Please!
Hope your Dad get better God Bless your family
#rinoass
My prayers are with you and your family
McCain's legacy is in his own hands, always has been. Give it hell!!
Senator McCain is the most respected public servant in America. Wishing him Godspeed in recovery. Snowflakes miss his unwavering integrity.
Good man! Please don't listen to those who judge you on account of someone else's opinion of you. U r a HERO.
a true hero
Traitor.
I hope he has to pay for what he has done to the American people. Nothing to do with cancer, he is a POS!
John McCain is loved by every free and democratic Syrian;we r praying,John is and will remain deep in our hearts...
Cried reading
Father/brother in law diag w/in 2 wks of each other
w/glioblastoma
Sending your family strength,courage,grace
sends prayers
My sister, & 1 of your biggest fans, was diagnosed w\glioblastoma in 2007. We celebrate 10 yrs in Sept. This is beatable!
May God bless him and send his healing power
That was my thought as well. The McCain legacy and the nation.
Im a daddy's  girl and i want you to know i am praying for your dad and family to make a fast recovery we need him no not Republican
Blessings to you for your service Senator.
I would also eat exclusively MACROBIOTIC MEALS is absolutely no variation I am 70 and I take no pills got no problems 60s vegetarian....
Here it is so you can look for Rick Simpson and you can also study this article here good luck for you not for him!
A possible solution ironically Phoenix Tears came from there good luck I am your friend but I am an enemy of your father's based on his hist
Dearest Megan only because I like you and the things you do and say I want you to know I do not like your father at all I will post a possib
Cesium 131 from IsoRay pharma has a 100% 2 year survival rate on all patients with brain tumors to date. Please look in to it.
Time to retire
Legacy - RHINO.
Very true. Meghan is amazing. But I'm not ready to see her have to take over yet. There's longevity in his family.  Example: His own mother.


Russofob
There will never be another John McCain.  Courageous, integrity and able to reach across the aisle. Keep up the fight
https://twitter.com/CNN/status/888447290201047040 …
#MH17
#Russia
#ALTRIGHT
#ALTERNATIVEFACTS
#FAKENEWS  @FoxNews
@GOP AGENDA
ERASE @BarackObama Legacy
America Suffers
Jeff Flake primary challenger: John McCain should step aside "as quickly as possible" after cancer diagnosis http://cnn.it/2twZe5a  
His legacy is that of a RINO who surrendered to @BarackObama in 2008.  I think he did that on purpose to preserve the establishment.
like while the veterans died in your hometown while you did nothing to help
This country will be much healthier when you're gone .. one less neocon warmonger..
wish you the best
Retire already! The country is in good hands! @SenJohnMcCain
Yeah in your hands the future was not.
McCain the "War Hero" Killed 134 U.S. Sailors & Nearly Sunk An Aircraft Carrier
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ … 
Thank you John McCain for your service. I wish we had more good ppl like you. You have a Beautiful Family too. Get well soon.
Will you trust your health to the VA in your state?The worst VA in the country?I'll consider you a "hero" if you do. Still a"Songbird" to me
God Bless you all. May God watch over your surgeons and get you healed fast !  We need you in W/DC.
I personally respect this gentleman for his political views and his toughness on tyrants like Putin and Assad. Get well tough man.
All prayers for Mr John McCain from Saudi Arabia .He always stood for the right causes. Syrians will not forget his efforts to help them.
That was beautiful. My prayers are with your father and your family
What I'll remember is how you threw a presidential election because you're a Democrat pretending to be a republican. No one will say it
I wish senator McCain a speedy recovery
SenJohnMcCain ,get  better soon. My prayers are with you.
Bat on Mr. McCain......
Your description  of  your father is identical  to what mine was to me ..how lucky  we are to  have been able to  say that
He handed the presidency to Barack Obama because he wouldnt stand up ad fight look at the mess this country is in this mana and his friends
Well at least he has health care most Americans don't because him and his buddies have sit on there butts and done nothing for so long
I think it's a shame he has been in the news constantly for days and all these people in his shape with not health care are forgotten
But there tax dollars paid for his people stand up to these people they have failed we the people and now you feel for them please
Look how the veterans have been done on this man's watch hell no I don't care I cut the t.v off ever time fox has Meghan on
Health, health and health to Mr. McCain.Get well soon.
Karma has finally caught up with you, enjoy
I have a problem with both of them. Cannot stand either selfish one.McCain is a crook, No hero.
Wishing your father a speedy recovery. Prayers and best wishes.
Prayin 4 ur recovery, ur a true American..I did notice u stumbling a bit on the questions 2 Comey & I was concerned, but now understand..
A democrat!
.@SenJohnMcCain You've been through a lot. No one will ever know the whole story. But here's a bit of it. GOD SPEED. https://www.facebook.com/notes/joy-hurstlinehan/notes-from-the-palinsky-files-note-one/820038204686910 …
Stay strong sir and get well we still need u god bless u
Praying for a fast recover, Mr. Senator.
Just learning about this: prayers, thoughts, best wishes with you, @SenJohnMcCain and family.

Will think of small recovery gift over wkd.
Stay the maverick you have always been & work with the dems. Get well soon!!!!!!
We need you to be a hero & lead the charge to stop Steve Bannon & others from stripping  away what truly makes America great! Thank you!
мне искренне жаль что John McCain без внимания отнёсся к моему сообщению в январе 2017 о грозящей ему смертельной опасности здоровью и жизни
John McCain is an American. I'm sorry for his condition. But he's an asshole also. He is mccain first. America second
Doubtful. #CARLTHAYDENVA medical center is a death trap. #truestory
Get well soon Sir.
Lickspittle
John, you are one of the greatest persons who makes our Great States so damn Great! I pray for you, the toughest fighter in the world!

Where are you getting the money to pay for your health care? Are you insured? Through what company
Who is paying for your health care?
Who is paying for Mr. McCain's healthcare
Betrayed his country in Vietnam Nam .. and hasnt changed since .. once a traitor always a traitor ..
Meghan, we appreciate you love your father. But he has done much damage to the military, veterans and Americans. Stay in the background.
Recover well, but pls spare us the crap. U don't have to make up lies bc ppl r sick.
#McCainStrong Prayers 
yep folded like the coward he was in the war ! made radio broadcast to demoralize our troops ! oops i guess no one is telling the truth !
Thank you for your and your family's loyalty and service to our country. You will all be in my prayers!
May not always agree, but you have my respect. Thoughts w/you. Son had same cancer, he's 15 yrs out past surgery & still going. U can too.
Do you think Trump will attend your funeral?
This is your legacy a legacy of duplicity and back stabbing....Lousy old man no integrity...
You are in my prayers! You are a true hero! If anyone can beat this, it's you! 
wish you strength and recovery 
You be been a fighter all your life.
Do what comes natural.. Fight!!
My prayers and support to you and your family.#JohnMcCain
You did good.  She's an admirable woman.   Best wishes...
A man that has served his country his entire life spent 5 plus years in a North Vietnamese prison a POW needs our prayers politics aside
no
What branch of service were you in and when
Song Bird McCain.. not to mention he was a Keating 5 member
Please use this opportunity to fight your party and fund healthcare for all! When faced with the same situation Ted Kennedy did the same!
Have your DR. give you Vitamin C via iV. Watch and see healing try it for a week or two it can't hurt!! ;)
I bet you're thanking God your not on Obamacare like the rest of us!
I'm not a fan of John McCain but I am a fan of Humanity. And I want to wish John McCain well and I hope he gets better
U turned your back on your party.
U turned your back on the people.
U turned your back on our POTUS.
U turned your back on your country.
Megan please speak w @NorthwestBio DCVAXL cures 30 percent pts your dad may be candidate speak w Dr Liau @UCLAHealth
God Bless you! You are my hero! 
Awesome man he is the reason why I was a Republican....an honorable man good, decent, kind man..... so much respect
Your legacy ! John should be you get on a Learjet to DC and vote! Show up and vote! The public is very fickle and turns on a dime! Iron John
Can McCain vote on healthcare bill if not present in the building? Ironic that wud be for health issues. Skype or such possible?luv McCain
As a liberal, I always saw you as one of the good guys. Best wishes and good luck.
Jesus, help John through this tough time he's faced with. Comfort him and heal him in your name Amen 
My Thoughts n Prayers r with u Senator McCain. Ur a fighter n u r . Get well soon
A never Trumper! Bull
You are a true American Hero to me.
You've done well, Sir.  Regardless of what happens, you've done well.
I am praying for you 
I hope you recover.  You are a light in an ever darkening political horizon.  I hope you are not the last of the real statesmen in the U S
Without a Presidential pardon from Nixon you would have rotted away in a military prison long before today.
A truly honest politician and one who speaks the truth always ,get well young man .
*sigh*  liberals would give anything to have ur dad as the current president!!! ur one of the only Republicans I like John!! 
He's got his health care doesn't here he will be all right what about the people he is serving for health care is a mess in arizona
God is doing for the American people what we cannot do for ourselves as a voter in South Carolina Graham needs to go too it's a mess U.S..A
This man has failed the American people with all his buddies this country is a mess under his watch people let's cut the bull failure
All day long it's been all about John McCain he went against the American people bashing the man we voted into office god will be done
War Hero & Stood In The Face Of 'Birtherism' Beginnings To Tell Truth. Cheers John.
his legacy of warmongering shall be remembered for several years then he will be forgotten and never missed.
Prayers for John McCain
I know a lot of republicans and none of them like or trust Crusty John
Fight the cancer & win, but please retire from the US Senate first RINO!
Like the fighter pilot, crash & burn in history!
Good hands?  #Silkway #Arsenal #Arizona #AZCardinals #AZ #AZGOP #AZDNC
Trump is working for Putin and Russian interest. The CIA is the BEST in the world at what they do and they know Trump's a Russian spy asset.
Amen god bless you senator I'm praying for you my friend god is good god bless your family as well keep god in your heart and your faith
Pulling for you, Senator. Hope to see you back soon.
No.  This is his legacy.
I have a challenge for you, sir.  Release your before-insurance-submission health care costs to the public.  Cancer Rx is expensive.
Jesus Christ is healing you, say I am healed in the name of Jesus Christ
smoke cigarettes!
I'm a Canadian, live in Canada n wish we had you in our political system! Praying for your success again against this nasty disease 
Your father has very good heart and souls, he did many good things for the country, and I will keep pray for the cancer to stop.
Americans aren't fools Senator! We know your true legacy.
@MeghanMcCain , you do him proud, I'm sure.
Does Songbird mean anything to you?
Thanks for the website. I heard it year ago but just dismissed it. Don't know what made me think about it today. Makes me ashamed 2 b Navy!
Wishing you a speedy recovery. Bravery like yours is our nations greatest asset. Your legacy is in good hands, praying for your health.

