USA IS BEHIND IN CYBER SECURITY?  FREE COLLEGE IN COMPUTERS IS A MUST.  TRAIN THE MIDDLE-CLASS. COAL MINERS U SHOULD WANT MORE. 
There Americans  they just want the illegals get free educations. Once there gone maybe the money will be spent to help coal miners
SPELL DEGREE!
Is that a wig your wearing

I feel like a winner since he won  ive had a smile on my face 
THAT'S BECAUSE U GOT  4 BRAINS!
At least I have brains
Please stop! Hillary/Obama collusion selling Putin uranium for millions is the real story! I hope your dossier involvement brings u down!
Honey he was in on it? He’s now a real HERO!
A hero 2socialist democrats is a traitor 2 America. Thank God all the money, cheating & lies still lost & will continue 2 lose, like McCain
lol "continue 2 lose" 
FOX NEWS ALERT: John McCain has been winning for the last 35 years https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_and_Senate_career_of_John_McCain,_until_2000 …
He’s going to die soon anyway!
not a good person are you?
you people going on about russia will be responsible for the fall out.

Keep it up, John. Somebody has to.
GOP supports treason, white supremacy, sexual preditors and LIARS.
You love this Russian dust up don't you. Your priorities are 1) John McCain 2) getting even with Trump 3) America
You are participating.
I’m glad at least one GOP in Congress is taking this seriously. Thank you.
Clintons involvement w/Russia is coming to light, she started the Russia collusion to put the  on Trump when shes actually covered with it
this is a bot!!! No one actually believes this garbage, Trump has been in bed with the Russians since the 90s at least... He is a danger to our country!!
#DontheCon #TrumpTreason #Resist
Do any of u libtards know any of the history here Please tell me what Trump was doing with Russia bc I can give u a long list of theClintons
borrowing money when he had too many bankruptcies to get loans here... if you are not a bot, try looking into things, before you call people that you disagree with names!! sincerely, a libtard? Not even a word!!! Trump has been a con man for years! There is lots of public info.
He also can't even get a loan in this country and many others. His bromance with Putin has gone on for years. Educate yourself.
Again whats the list?Give me facts not just your feelings, u cant but look at all the ties with the Clinton's &Ofuckme adm & more to come
Understand this little girl: girls who fawn over  bragging pussy grabber and don't care aren't women. Put up with it you put up w/anything.
So why all talk & no action? I don't see you doing anything about it, again an again
Thank God someone in WA sees it. Some of us are really mad about Russia! Praying you can get your friends to care! Praying for you Sir also!
So what are you going to *do* about it?
Probably helped pay for it and I'm pretty certain he's that asshole that leaked it. Biggest crocodile in the swamp!
Oh please...there has been NO PROOF that a SINGLE VOTE was changed due to deep state..er..I mean Russian interference, on election day! SHE LOST..DEAL WITH IT
PROOF??!!! NAHyou have only your own paranoid delusions.
@SenJohnMcCain Sir, you need to see the results of a review by Mike Farb. We must get this addressed if we want to save our democracy.  
Where you in on it John
With the utmost respect sir - You're kidding. With Jeff ("thank you sir may I have another") Sessions kissing Trump's rings every 5 seconds?
U forgot the $145M donation some Crooked received by selling uranium to Russia & the whole O government helped cover-up. #UraniumOne
Good luck getting them to listen. Actual fact checking requires reading comprehension skills, something I find most Right/Conservs lack
I am a Democrat, but you Mr. McCain are the only Republican I trust!  Thank you for speaking up!
Pigshit! Save of course for Systems managed by Democrats at the DNC & HRC Campaign .. which were all run by F'Ups!!
@SenJohnMcCain grandstanding #JimmyCarter is a straight shooter, might not always agree with him but he didn't insult our intelligence!

Thank you, John McCain!!!! 
Senator, have you noticed the WH and the entire republican caucus sabotaging the investigation? of course Russia changed the outcome of the election, why do you think the GOP doesn't want to get to the bottom of this.
Trump still hasn’t executed sanctions on Russia due Oct. 1st. Stop talking and make that happen
@FreedomJones5 @DeptofDefense No Sanctions no Impeachment what's going on?
Soon.. yes we have sanctions against Russia..on this planet anyway.
Sanctions were to be made tougher& he hasn't signed as of yet. The deadline has passed& nothing
Senator John McCain you were on fire! Awesome! #OurHero #TruePatriot
They haven't done anything. Very concerning
Thanks Senator McCain! If only more R's agreed. They're fixated on conspiracy theories, the Almighty dollar, and screwing over the 99%.
Can you look into Bill Browder's US visa being revoked please?? Happened the same day Putin put him on an Interpol list.
Why hasn't Trump implemented sanctions? Is it because be colluded with Russia and has to hold up his end of the deal?
Thank you Sir for your leadership
God Bless you Sir.
We need a @potus who will fight Russian election attacks, not encourage & coordinate campaign with them. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
DoD, not the private sector. The Active Cyber Defense Certainty Act is bad policy.
You people will cling to any piece of bullshit, won’t you? She lost because she a liar, a traitor, covers up sex scandals, threat to Nat Sec
Shouldn't Americans be MORE alarmed about criminal CIA actions across the globe???
Paper ballots, please.

Goddamnit someone has to!!! It ain't Sessions.
shut up warhawk
McCain is not a hero. Real heroes don’t sign fake confessions. He as lied to & betrayed his party’s  agenda & his supporters various times .
You sir, are a true hero! Thank you!!
Why can’t we let Russia affect the election?  Mexico is and the citizens here illegally actually get to vote by law in some areas.

Russia, election, like this attack?
http://truepundit.com/fbi-paid-100k-for-concocted-trump-dossier-during-election-john-mccain-help-broker-deal-with-comey/ …
YOU are the swamp!
Are you running scared yet? Getting close to knowing who is behind Trump Dossier! I think his name is JOHN! Once a traitor always a traitor
Army Reserves have a new cyber brigade? How about a cyber battalion? A division? We need these ppl!
Thanks for all your hard work! And speaking the truth  god bless you 
the REAL John McCain- enemy of POW's & friend to ISIS:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27BuVXz3Y-I&t=27s … #MAGA @POTUS #Traitor @Thomas1774Paine @LionelMedia
Is that why we are recalling 1000 pilots.
@SenJohnMcCain The U S and A loves you and we wish the best for you
Please don’t try and speak for the US you are not the country and more people in the US probably think he’s a traitor
So why won’t Trump honor the new sanctions bill?
You were the one helping them so you should know.
Where are the sanctions? ??
Don't you mean collusion between Russia, Obama admin, Clintons & their foundation was enormous? Uranium One pay to play!
WHEN CHAD (THE BEST TERRORIST FIGHTERS IN THE REGION) LEFT DUE TO INCOMPETENT TRUMP POLICY AND TRAVEL BAN LIST, EXON MOBILE ABUSE! 
WE DIED!
#CHADGATE
PLZ EXPOSE COVER UP. CHAD PLACED ON TRAVEL BAN LIST? NO HELP WITH 50 DAY PASSPORT RULE? TILLERSON HAD A BEEF WITH CHAD. CHAD LEFT!
Why didn’t you care when it started when Obama was in office
Thank you Senator.
When will the Russia sanctions ever be enforced? That would indicate a start!
Continuing lies about Russia don’t portray strength - just DEMS who can’t be honest about ANYTHING!
Thank you Senator. Thank you.
Thankful that real Republicans are starting to stand up for our country against the idiots, like Trump and his minions, that will help destroy it just so they can get their masters the tax cuts they've promised. Only #MoronsAndGullubleAssholes believe that McCain is the enemy!
Real republican  R beginning to stand up for the president, McCain is a RINO who is fighting to continue to destroy our country
@rockinrobray @DeptofDefense the ONLY republican I voted for  .. and wld vote for again. Surrounded w/ trump suck ups & GOP 
@SenJohnMcCain when will Americans see the Russian Sanctions implemented?  If Congress can't enforce this simple action, WE are doomed! 
Why doesn't Trump sanction Russia? #25amendment
Gerrymandering and strategically over-restrictive Voter ID laws were a GOP attack of equally perfidious importance to #Trump ism
Yep. Same in the 1890s.
Stop accusing Russia of own dirty lies and cover ups.  STOP your enormous support and sponsorship of Nazis in Ukraine and ISIS in ME.
When are u going to answer questions about the Dossier? Afraid to talk about ur own doings so you distract, blame, and blather about others!
Does this in include the clitons/obamas collusion on uranium.  It'd be nice to see you spend, I don't know, a few seconds on it.
Yes and the making of the Russian dossier was criminal as well. Let’s gather all those players in that FAKE story and prosecute them
You are ABSOLUTELY RIGHT Senator! Thank you for standing up for us and UP TO HIM! Keep resisting!!
It can only begin with impeaching the President, the Vice President, and everyone else involved.
The American people voted him in and he’s there to stay because we’re tired of libtards like you who think you know what’s best for everyone
Why are you the only Republican that acknowledges this?
We aren't stupid. Hell most of us voted for Hillary. McConnell aided Russia too.
I'm no politician and glad im not but Russians maybe did us a favor! Think about that!
Right on brother!
Russians didnt attack you push the false clinton narrative you took money from both russia and clinton you are a corrupt criminal traitor
And Jeff Sessions will never do anything to fight it.
Better late than never
Do your job and investigate a real scandal of Mueller's FBI coverup of sale of uranium to Russia cover-up. https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjzr5uzyoDXAhUJjVQKHf2iBcoQFgg1MAI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fseeking-justice.org%2Fdoj-defends-fbi-deputy-director-andrew-weissmann-against-serious-ethics-charges-pending-in-ny%2F&usg=AOvVaw3hG02Y4hhFFwWhEYk9hHxU …
McCain, you have been in Congress for years, why have you not done anything about Russia?
Thank you senator. Keep holding their feet to the fire!
Now that his Soros connection are known his feet will be in the  and his brain taken over by cancer for his lies
Putin do it ! Trump is am employe of him is obvius
Trump needs to be thrown in prison for his collusion. He’s a disgrace! You are a real hero, Senator! Trump isn’t half the man you are!
Exactly!  @realDonaldTrump should not be president, and @VP should be locked up!
Have you ever apologized to the families of our servicemen you killed? The info you gave that brought planes down? You are always saying FU!

Just good common sense.I would become a republican if they were all like you sir.
Send this to CIA
The fact the trump admin has not only done nothing to protect the US but has actually blocked any efforts to build new defenses...traitorous
your a joke like your open borders protects us from terrorist and criminal illegals gang bangers
America voted for Clinton. The electoral college and vote suppression selected Trump.
Somebody should be!
the GOP is doing what? I guess since it wasn't @HillaryClinton  it's ok!  THIS is un-American! period!
And they found a man who is afraid of loosing an election to made that attack much easier.
Nothing compared to the daily attacks of Donald Trump on our Constitution. You need to do something about his wantin abuse of power.
Obama attacked our constitution, that’s why it’s been so easy for him to enforce and reverse the unconstitutional things Obama did
PAPERBALLOTS W HAND COUNTS DEFEND AGAINST CYBER ATTACKS,IS INEXPENSIVE AND CAN BE QUICKLY IMPLEMENTED!
Похоже в его мозге кто то живёт
But wait! 45 and his  ’s say it’s all a democrat scam! Best thing to do is impeach, and start fresh with an actual human being as Pres.
I’d rather bots than illegals they don’t collect welfare and expect us to educate them
Shut up, bot
I won’t shut up , your programmed to believe what the left tells you, can’t even think on your own like a bot
Russian sanctions need to be implemented
Lies.  Look at the dems.

as long as trump is in denial & remains friends with Putin we are screwed he has not implemented the sanctions yet wake up GOP
It was an act of war, just as UN Amb Haley said. Declare it! Russia said it's an act of war to use cyber attacks. They have a team for it.
Please educate them!
A TRUE AMERICAN HERO!!
They had a page that looked like the Tennessee GOP but wasn't, very dangerous and misleading.
1/4 WH sybersecurity team resigned in August over lack of effort to combat cyber election interference. #TalkisCheap
The #MSM #manipulation of our election was far more blatant and serious. #TrumpFlood #BernieBlackout #JuneSurprise
John, please wake up and recognize that the Russian collusion is about Uranium. Why are you so afraid to address that.
yes, but we have a POTUS that won't even enforce the sanctions already passed by the House... truly believe he is compromised or corrupt.
Dare I you say it was an act of war? How many of your comrades are a party to treason? Will you act to right this wrong?
Keep in mind folk with aggressive brain cancer McCain thinks clearer than Trump his puppets & Generals McCain putting USA 1st not under shoe
McCain’s knows he’s done and is filled with hate because a man like trump was elected prez and he wasn’t, gteat way to base decisions
Just turned 65. Thanks for gutting Medicare and my piece of mind at the same time.
Blame Obama he should not have been using illegal bale out for Obama care, just like He gave illegal legal status to Dremers
Thank God you never got elected president.
Diese Verrat ist in ganze Welt bekannt, warum würde nicht rechtzeitig was unternommen, beenden sie diese Korruption und Verrat Trump must go
You should stick to your own politics , your country went from one of the safest places in  to  the one with the most rapes
Who are you? are you from Pampas because you are political very incompetent, same your president Trump.
 just voted in a politician from party Hitler was in. Pay attention to your politics before thinking you know anything about ours.
Thank you Sen. McCain, 
Thank you for speaking the truth.

Here, here! Yes!
Exp since Sessions testified that DOJ is doing Nothing #GOP #GOPownsMess
GO MAVERICK!  THIS IS NOT ANY ONE PERSON's (TRUMP's) DEPT. OF DEFENSE IT BELONGS TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE & TO USA! THANK YOU SENATOR ~McCAIN~
I"m not sure the military overseeing election security is the best thing for a Democracy.
You better talk to Pompeo!!!
So WHY aren't you fighting to get this illegitimate embarrassment OUT of the sacred office of President?
More than McCAIN should be doing that.
We need a world class, lean mean & capable defensive force. This goal is not accomplished re-funding privatized contractors who have failed.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you so much for all you do!!  Please find out why our soldiers were killed in Niger!!  God Bless You, Sir!!
No proof of Russia collusion and they know it. DNC is corrupt that's why we have Trump.
45 has not enforced sanctions. If it was unanimously passed, why can he get away with it?
#god bless john mccain
McCain appears to be trying to divert attention from his involvement in the treasonable Uranium One deal involving Dr of  20% of US Uranium.
You have now called all of us "half baked nationalists".  Well, we're going to turn the heat up on fools like you and we'll be fully baked.
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …  How about doing your DAMNED JOB & investigate real scandals instead of fake ones and protecting your friends.
Evidence please

They only know how to play deep pocket corrupt enabler
You tell them McCain!
Do you really believe that the american people believe this is the first time.

I Hope other GOP members see the patriot and hero you are and realize our country is in trouble because of 45 and they too can stand 4 USA
Hero , took 90 million from Soros and won’t explain why, some hero
Please John invoke the 25th or Impeach 
Don't leave us in danger with The Madman
Johns the madman  can’t handle loosing the presidency while Trump won.voted him into Congress but not for prez, flip flopped too much
Thank you, Senator McCain. We must remove Putin's puppet from the White House!
Hillary was his puppet selling Putin most of the uranium to get kick backs for organization . Trump doesn’t need anyone’s money
Go back to bed, John.
#CountryOverParty Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Why won’t Trump speak out against Putin?! Can’t wait until the truth comes out.
Russia didn’t attack anything or interfere in anything.
Proof John McCain is no maverick.He is silent on the Uranium One bribery treasonous report to protect Obama and Clinton.
What about attack on our election system that sanctuary states and cities allowed illegal immigrants and green cards to vote
You're such a fucking idiot McCain. How about actually doing something for Americans.
Take it to the “The View.”
State Dept states Al-Nusra uses chemical weapons in Syria....wasn't Al-Nusra your best buddies??
keep fighting for America, John!
Against you.
Shut up o
That would be great considering the Department of Justice is doing exactly nothing.
then why is congress letting them and those that were complicit get away with it?  war means defending those that attack our democracy!
Good man, John.
Lies!!! Russia is not the problem!! Globalist Deep state BIG GOV cronies are!! In both parties!! Clinton’s pay to play with Russians!
Fucking trolls hijacking the comments section, re-posting for a friend:
“It’s the Dept. of Defense’s job to defend this nation, that’s why it’s called the Dept. of Defense,” @SenJohnMcCain explains to the DoD. https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/921096687954821121 …
So glad you are leading the charge in calling out the Uranium One deal and the corruption involved. Oh wait, you've been silent on that
Russian trolling big time in these comments. Hit a sore spot.

Look another of those empty barrels...#RINOs

like the lobotomy YOU got ?
The scary part of this story  some members of the Republican party  helped them!
Well said Senator. If you had been this strong when running against Obama you may have won.
He was hampered by the strange choice for VP.
Very poor choice indeed.
will the world ever see proof of this allegations?
Do the right thing - take it a step further and call for illegitimate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to be removed!
Stop crying snowflake
Thank you senator McCain for defending our country once again.
R U that senile you can't remember the Russian "allegations" are OLD news! Stop supporting the RESISTANCE party! Bye Bye Little Johnny  
LOL You just can’t stop! Please try to keep up. How many votes were cast by illegal alien Russians? How many votes changed by Russians?
I suggest that you and @HillaryClinton get a you-tube channel going. She can probably work out funding from the Russians!
Check out @sharonvt75’s Tweet:
OMG TRUMP ADDS CHAD2TRAVEL BAN!THEY REMOVE ANTI-ISIS TROOPS NIGER BORDER 4US MILITARY ARE KILLED ISIS ADVANCED!
https://youtu.be/snXbwUGVzNE 
