Bull crap Senator
What about the crackdown on peaceful dissent and human rights in America?
Let's focus on our human rights. Let them worry about their human rights. YOU are a Senator from Arizona, not a senator from Egypt.
Do you even work for Arizona constituents?
Nope!
Guess what we don't care! America now. Go bomb somewhere else.
"We have repeatedly raised this issue with the Government of Egypt..." Raise it w/ the jackass in the WH who loves this guy! #EducateTrump
Al Sisi knows that NGOs are the covert action tools of the alt Left. Show me a Conservative,capitalist NGO and I will show a pig that flies.
@SenJohnMcCain Hi John! In U.S. obviously have a problem with freedom of speech: https://twitter.com/VMozghovyi/status/823610114565427201 … Please, turn off censorship!
@Microsoft 
@BillGates 
@MasonMorfit 
@satyanadella #Microsoft Corporation Board of…
Sir, help the citizens of your country. We are being destroyed. Please.
And Trump has signaled that he is okay with this, after all he's "not here to lecture". Do whatever you like to your citizens
Mc Cain please retire ,get out now.
He is a dictator and will act as he pleases....this should not come as a surprise to you
Trump administration moves to return Russian compounds in Maryland and New York.
#NeverMcCain
Please stand up to @POTUS #corruption Do something about #Russia and #ParisAgreement We can't let this administration destroy this country!
Are you an American Senator? Why aren't you focussed on the things respective to our problems here in American. Boondoggle McCain. SAD
It's as if he was emboldened by our president, who you support.  #AmericanHero
Maverick. Still no action to remove the biggest threat to #America since Putin?? How bout another interview or tweet?? Yeah. #weak #coward
A lot of talk John, but it never seems to amount to anything.  If I talk tough and do nothing about it, can I be a senator too?
Its really amazing how America can stop without a governmental shutdown,so much of seeing a future 4 America _________,
So wanting to keep Soros, et al, meddling OUT of his Country is wrong?  Other countries are doing the exact same thing.  GOOD!
What are doing to support our President?
Spear old John worries more about everything but make America great again.
REPUBLICANS taking away 23 millions healthcare is a human rights violation
Warmongering cunt
So stand up against Trump and his support for this dictator Be on the right side of history
Two against trump mccain and grahm. The other 400 sit around kissing the kings ass
how about worrying about this country. Paris agreement, climate change, health care. Where the hell are you.
I'd prefer you be a little more vigilant over US civil rights, which are being rolled back by this admin as we speak, thank you very much!
Boy you think you have the answers for all the worlds problems, but all you could must was 173 electoral votes. Go cry your #faketears now.
No good move ,Russia and China are eyeballing it
Didn't see you saying a word when the AZ legislature tried to lump protesters in with racketeers for prosecution.
He's taking his cue from Trump. Try condemning him for a change.
And I am never forgiving or forgetting those 30 years of supporting Mubarak. Ps. Wipe the Saudi jism if u want to be taken seriously
Given how bigoted your party is. I have no trust whatsoever in anything you say. Let us worry about Egypt we have been around a while.
I don't care what foreign leader you criticize but you have to stop this animosity youtowards the president find something you can agree on
and your Republican colleagues crackdown on protesters and calling for militias at home- YOU HAVE LOST ALL CREDIBILITY. SAD!
You need to resign. voted in as a republican & you will leave as a pissed off jealous old democrat because Trump is POTUS.#MAGA without you
Honestly, until your actions back your blather, the American public isn't interested in hearing from you. More is expected of you Senator
Where's your criticism of the NSA, FBI, spying on American's without warrants? Take care of our house before you worry about someone else's
McCain,you need to shut up. Do you Have a clue about whats happening in Egypt,or u think the terrorists there are moderate fighters as well?
And what are you doing on this Senator??? More action necessary
Worry about your speech that provokes obscenities like Cathy Griffin perpetrated. Guess Muslim brotherhood was better for Egypt? Id10t
Your lack of concern on healthcare tax reform and infrastructure will increase draining of swamp of people like you
Are you gravely concerned?
We have congress to check the president's power yet the republicans do nothing.
Sir, I think you are a VERY powerful voice in government. Please keep poking in the eye all those you can. We need to secure our democracy.
He's a good close pal of your potus Trump isn't he ??
Obama admin Spying. These are the things we want to be handled. Or don't you 2 care about these problems ?
Um Sen McCain you do realize don't you that we have a wee bit of probs at home? Could you maybe b our rep for awhile? We vote
Countries are just following Trumps lead. You voted Party over Country and installed the ppl who are really running country. #impeachGOP
save my insurance  save the aca   i am insured because of it   medicare for all is the only option   why so cruel?
RUSSIA
Hunan rights still a concern for most Americans.
Time to improve the ACA, not replace it.
Not a word on the severed head post of the President? I know you HATE Pres Trump, but I thought you would at least respect the office.
What's in your browser history?
What does Trump think of al-Sisi? He said he likes him. Sad!
Retire
old geezer!
Ok these "NGO" are often your tools for regime change...
Egypt is following on the footsteps of Ethiopia that enacted a draconian NGO law in 2009 & continued to receive billions of US aid $$. SHAME
We've got our own crisis of "Human Rights" being rolled back in our own country! What do you plan to do about that? Oh right, nothing.
Maybe you should be tweeting about the mayor of Portland and his Crackdown on Free Speech!
Very Trump-like, don't you think @SenJohnMcCain? We're expecting more from you.
It also puts a crimp in your money hose to the Middle East, doesn't it? Why are YOU meddling in another country's affairs? Worry about AZ!!!
Then fucking do something!
Senator McCain. The nation cannot move forward with this President. He is working very hard to drive a wedge in Americans an allies.
Trump gave him the go ahead. Next dictators worldwide will appoint Putin King. Trump will be court clown!

Our OWN "government" is running amok, but yeah, let's try to fix everybody else's.  What do you propose?  Let me guess: Military Invasion?
Civil society institutions like NGOS represent the people's interests against demonizing governments. This is shameful!
Yet he is one of @POTUS favored dictators.  Senator I have always had great respect for you, America needs you to stop POTUS!
What r YOU going TO DO? Get non climate deniers & if any, honest GOPs & mount strategy against McConn,Ryan,Chaffetz REFUSING 2 do their DUTY
it's all whinge and no action. You do nothing about trump, who would have turned a ind eye to Apartheid.
There seem to be plenty of @GOP sponsored bills right here, at home, trying to crack down on #FreeSpeech and the right to peaceful assembly.
Do something about tRUMP.
All talk no Action!!! #impeachtrump NOW
Shut up
It's hard to take you seriously as long as you sit idle.
Congrats senator on dominating our recent poll
Please stop Trump or at least stop the asinine idea of pulling out of the Paris Agreement...We cannot be isolationists!
By doing this he weakening our standing on the global level and our alliances
Is it so horrible to clean up our planet and ensure people don't have to wear face masks to breathe?
HOW TO RESOLVE ZANZIBAR POLITICAL SITUATION?PASS A UN RESOLUTION TO URGE TANZANIA TO COMPLY OR FACE SERIOUS CONSEQUENCES
And your POTUS suggest jailing journalist here on American soil.
My God NGO is corrupt and known for smuggling
And yet, McCain votes "yes" on every single Trump appointment.  Drunk uncle at the wedding.
He should worry about problems closer to home.
I think if he worried about anything, he would show leadership.
But don't worry about the leader of your party. @realDonaldTrump will still slap his back and call him a "good guy."
When are you gonna retire?
From an Arizonan, I'm sorry. We tried.
