Great. Now lift the ban from the other 6 countries who's immigrants have caused exactly 0 deaths in the United States.
and put them up in Gareth s house
I offer pizza & beer.
and Stupidity.
Those Countries have FAILED Gov. and are full of TERRORIST. Got it?
Do you know anyone from Iran? Personally, not "I think that guy at the 711...".
Iran is the #1 State sponsor of Terrorism in the WORLD.
I thought ISIS was the number one sponsor.
and how many Terrorist organizations does ISIS financially support?
what about the other six that have never carried out an attack on our soil.
No facts to offer, just xenophobia & irrational fear? Strong work!
Have you, at any point, researched how our current vetting process works?
I'll take that as a no, then.
When batch 3 of the #Vault7 is released, your world is going to come crashing down. I suggest you prepare.
What about the fight to rid our Executive Branch of undue Russian influence? Special council w/subpoena power NOW!
http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2017/images/03/05/rel4a.-.trump,.russia.pdf …
Come on, John.  We really expect more from you.  Where's Egypt, UAE and Saudi, ya habibi?
RESIST
It's ISIS, NOT ISIL!! You're showing your true colors, traitor!
the order isn't needed and should never be implemented.
.@SenJohnMcCain And all other Muslims are terrorists I suppose. You are a coward
@MeghanMcCain Let's all practice this together it's "ISIS". One more time say "ISIS".
such hatred by the right
Good men in ww2 Germany followed Hitler's orders
As a leader opposed to discrimination, it is necessary to oppose this #muslimban. Please lead on this issue!
What about RUSSIA?
How about Saudi Arabia which produced the guys who took down WTC?
[Adam Khan @Khanoisseur]
Useful for the uninformed, very happy to find this....
it's still a religious ban. We can't make allies in Middle East when our "Dictator in Chief" keeps alienating them
The whole thing is a Muslim ban, plain & simple. Since 9/11, all US attacks have been radicalized Americans. Ban is POINTLESS
we can do better than this.
NO Truth in that statement http://sir.YOU  should have said Iran is in command. With the biggest death killer to Amer
OMG! Why do you say ISIL?? You should never had beaten Kelly Ward! She is ten times better than you! She cares about USA!
well said Cathy!
the operative word I  some cases true but it's not one big hug a thon sir
True, some Iraqi-Americans helped our forces fight against ISIL.
So do the other countries left on that Muslim ban. What are you going to do to stop him? Get up uncle John.
Damage is already done
Sorry John, that's not really an excuse for the other countries & ppl affected by the ban
look you freaking Democrat it is ISIS not ISIL!
If #45 and Congress actually cared, they'd ban travel from countries that have actually sent terrorists.
Not ALL of them are but glad to see you are FINALLY backing the President we put in office!
and somehow, the funders of terrorism, Saudi Arabia isn't either. Hm. #WastingOurTaxDollarsAgain
you support the conservative cause like you fly airplanes...crash and burn!
still POINTLESS Muslim ban, when angering them only grows their counts, when radicalized American Muslims are doing killing!!
.When r U looking out for us? Donald is wrecking our lives while U guys collect ur paycheck &. benefits & turn ur backs on us
AGREE 110%!! => The Iraqi army has  W*A*Y  OVERDELIVERED vs Western expectations, Govt&PM have even progressed Sunni/Shia...
..cooperation, which has BEDEVILED  so many countries in Middle East.
genius
Army veteran, 2 tours in Afghanistan is now fighting deportation Is this how the new .@POTUS plans on honoring our #veterans
but gold star parents are told their travel will be limited Not sure you should be patty yourself on the back
Shut up John McCain! You think your voice is more important than my POTUS TRUMP? REALLY? 
YOU R A DEMOCRAT'S DREAM COME TRUE!
That's progress but didn't you fight for the FREE WORLD and against Nazism? What is wrong with the GOP these days? #Crazy
How low does he have to go before you in the Congress will do something?  The man is an abomination and a danger to us all.
You do realize you and Sarah did not win the presidency John?  You are acting like you have a mandate.. think again! #maga
and Saudi Arabia ?
it's a pause bc the country's mentioned do not have the proper vetting in place. I have no problem with this EO!
Let's drop ISIL - it's ISIS
Instead of betraying the Repubs, why don't you go after false collusion allegations? Oh right - you want the party to fail.
40% of Iraq is ISIS think I might get that point
Apparently @realDonaldTrump heard you and @LindseyGrahamSC Can you suggest he STOP TWITTERING at least before morning coffee?
isil? thought those are your buddies
cuckservative
what about other 6 countries you're still discriminating against? If this is truly about terrorism you skipped 9/11 bombers..
That's good, b/c YOU have never been, you ARMED them, we've got the pics. Shameful warmonger. U loving killing innocents.
,  allies or "another chance" ?
Donald Trump : “So we should have kept the oil,But,OK,maybe you'll have another chance.”
If only we could add @SenJohnMcCain to it.
It's ISIS!
what about the domestic radicalized terrorist?  No focus there. Stop the ban stop the nonsense.
sorry this executive order makes no sense! Pure populism and  propaganda
Just when I think you have integrity, you turn into a Republican hack. 
#ISIS

#ISIL (Levant) sounds like #FOEbama
That's why u hang out with them!When u call my President a dictator,you expose yourself 2Be deceitful!No one is buying it!
Did it hurt you too much to give Trump a kudo for doing what you support as well?
Trump & the Corleones of the Caspian->Trump's #Azerbaijan hotel deal->Please refer to The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
Trump's role in a shady hotel deal,w/partners tied to Iran's Revoluntionary Guard.http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2017/03/13/donald-trumps-worst-deal … via @newyorker
Senator you have served your country with honor. When a woman at your rally said Obama was Muslim;you corrected her.Fight DJT
Help! Save the GOP! Save the USA! Get this clown car administration out of the white house! Help!
That's ISIS! Obama the  evil anti-American president calls them ISIL 
that's all you have to say about this? Pls b a voice of reason! Secure ur legacy as the maverick. It's not too late.
haven't most of the terrorists come from Saudi Arabia? Whoops...Trump probably has a hotel there.
you speak for many of us Patriots who fear this reckless tweeting POTUS so please! Speak up! Sir, the emperor has no clothes!
- The Americans want to know what is going in with Russia still!
Nor are countries where Trump has businesses. So shameful!
أحسنتم سيادة السيناتور قرار صحيح 
Well done, Senator sovereign right decision
QUIT CALLING IT USUAL LIKE OBAMA. IT'S ISIS!
Iraq is a weak ally, questionable at best.
So we just let Syrian children die?
#prolife ???
Why isn't Saudi Arabia on the list? Oh yeah, Trump does business there.
@MeghanMcCain isil?? Go back to sleep john
Fall in line Senator. The Republicans voted Loudly. President Trumps agenda is OUR agenda!
it's ISIS u turncoat
it's still not right.
then why did we invade their country??
Doesn't make it any less prejudicial.
and that's good enough???  Shame on you. Shame shame shame.
#ISIS
I applaud you for asking Trump to produce his source,but you also need to ask why he doesn't mind the fact USA was hacked?
And name 1 terrorist that came from the other 6, I dare u.
And Saudi NOT included...9/11 ! Shocking to a sane man
Great to have them fighting the fight themselves but they could always use assistance. Can we still vet incoming Iraqis?
You mean the new Muslim ban? Sir, you're better than this.
don't tell me you too are falling for his #Gaslighting.
you can now say Isis - Obama is gone
Call this out as religious persecution Senator. I am your boss and expect more from you than you are delivering currently.
The whole Muslim ban is pathetic, and I'm sure you know that. But including Iraq was the epitome of toxic.
I expect more from you McCain! You KNOW the "bannned" countries have NOT produced American terrorists!
Please Impeach Donald Trump. He is CRAZY, and he has no idea what he's doing
so too are many Syrians.  Yet they remain on the list.  What happens to the Syrian Free Army who thought we had their backs?
I expect you to denounce this travel ban and stand up for what you know is right.
please move ahead on investigating Trump admin ties to Russia before we wind up with a huge problem!
I can't handle 4 years with Trump , every day he makes up such crap  We need a real president, not fair to the American ppl
why not Saudi Arabia?
Do something.
@MeghanMcCain reading the comments on here help to see how dumb many r. The six have no functioning gvment. Why is that hard?
yeah whatever. Interesting that since the last ban was thrown out. No bad dudes have come into the country. 3 weeks
a small step. But refugees and residents of the other six countries are also not our enemies.
#MuslimBan
So is Mexico.  Last I looked they are benevolent neighbors.  At to Canada!  The Bahamas?  They have questionable people!  US!
now all you have to do is get rid of Trump his administration is Alt-Right racist fascist commie pigs 
Really. That is all you have to say? Our country is dying right before our eyes.
when and why hasn't Trump been impeached? It's time! He is destroying our legacy as Americans as the world laughs.
I am expecting more from you than being a trump rubber stamper
what about Saudi Arabia???
stop legitimizing terrorists by calling it #ISIL. You're a Libby clone for @chuckschumer. #TermLimits for you especially.
And?  Allies doesn't mean there are bad Iraqis coming to America.
like you would be invited after how you bash the President
You know yourself Senator this ban will create more terrorist. So disappointed in you. Trump as president I'm embarrassed
his is what we have become as a country-Now we separate mothers fathers and children-DISGUSTING GOP
DHS Secretary says he's considering separating immigant children from their parents to deter illegal immigration 
hello Sir.
Quit being a Democrat.!!!! GET on TRUMPS side.
Totally DISAPPOINTED with you.
You are bought by lobbyists.
we know and now it is clear so can you get behind this President finally
#pausethispresidency, you know djt breaching every ethical, social, legal, military, & financial contract US stands for?!
Your buddy Obama is gone now. It is ISIS.
of course it's not included. No trump hotels or golf courses there...
True.  But new ban still not supported by evidence as protecting national security.
McCain, get your stuff together & get trump impeached. You KNOW there are reasons. Graham KNOWS there are reasons. HELP U.S.
We can read !
Seriously! Like picking through a barrel of rotten apples to find one only half rotten.
You don't need to do this for him.
And all the Iranian doctors who have come to our country and helped save/extend lives of Americans are really dangerous? Cmon
IMPEACH Trump
Please stop your BS and get behind our president. We have had it with you RINO's.
did you not get the memo Sir? O is gone and the proper term is ISIS
lmao at liberal reasoning
So banning Muslims is ok as long as we don't include countries you like or those who do business with trump???#Fake Maverick
how can you support #MuslimBan! #unamerican & #inefficient to combat terrorism! Most attacks from #american #citizens!
I trust you with the assessment. So, ok. YK
If u r behind this witch hunt for Trump, I hope you go to jail forever.
he hand delivered that dossier to the FBI. Why was it given to him in the first place? Washington wreaks in evil
come on senator. The whole EO is unAmerican in every way and you know it! Tell the emperor he has no clothes on
@MeghanMcCain No John...they are getting their stuff in order.
until they're not.
So Donald Trump "repealed and replaced" his own Executive Order before the ACA @BarackObama
A slight improvement doesn't make this ridiculous order good though
You just can't admit that @POTUS is unhinged, a TRAITOR, and BAD FOR AMERICA! We need an investigation of @POTUS & his taxes.
can't believe you said something nice for a change
It's ISIS Mr McCain - oops forgot. You are an Obama team cheerleader.
this is so wrong on so many levels. You know it and won't do a single thing to stop it.
ISIS, John, ISIS!
.@SenJohnMcCain Dont u mean "ISIS"?? You know a lot about them. Also, I understand ur foundation fights human trafficking. Progress report??
Liz, he's a waste of time, just a sad bitter old man now.
I guess that makes sense since we are essentially occupying their country.
It's not ISIL it's ISIS!! Using the same acronym as Obama. You are such a disappointment.
Great, so what about the refugees who need our help?. Looking the other way does not make us better human beings.
It is Isis motherfucker not ISIL Obama is no longer President!!!!!!!!
WE SUPPLY THEM BILLIONS, WEAPONS, TRAINING. WE PAY THEM 2 FIGHT - DECADE AGO THEY WERE KILLINGS AMERICANS - I DONT TRUST THEM
This bans countries that have not been involved in domestic terrorism yet leaves out those that have? How can you support it?
Enemy of my enemy does not necessarily make them our friends. 894/899
you are pointing at a PART of the painting with no poop smeared on it. Still poop all over, not a bonus.
because they have te weapons you sold them right John?
ALL THEY R DOING IS SPREADING OUT ISIS - WE HAVE LOST A LOT OF BLOOD THERE 4 THEIR FREEDOM - DONT ACT LIKE WE OWN THEM CRAP
Great rationalization. When are you going to do something about this ridiculous admin? You're complicit in their lunacy.
. But YOU are the enemy of our President.
NO NO They are NOT John McCain  Yuck Allegations of you helping our enemies in Nam seem even More plausible to me NOW
@MeghanMcCain not a single one of these libs gave a damn about these people till it gave them something to cry about!!
Actually I care about lots of humans. I care about life. And liberty. And living American values
me too for Americans & legal immigrants who want what's best for our country.
I hope you are not endorsing - this is not warranted and does not represent who we are as a country #MuslimBan
can you please call for independent investigation into Russia! We have to stop this craziness. Be our champion! Stand up!
Iran is fighting ISIL too. Or did you forget that (conveniently)?
But it still has to go.
Why is there an EO at all, Senator? Do u support @POTUS in this xenophobic fear mongering action?
It's still a Muslim ban though correct?
And @SenJohnMcCain I hoped you had some conjones.  The GOP must have eaten them over the weekend.
Please stand up against 45. His actions are unhinged and un-american.
