Some read & talk a lot, others do a lot. Obama read &talked a lot and Dems now irrelevant!
obozo talked a lot and did NOTHING !!
No the auto industry would have saved itself. Obama gave money away to the auto unions and that was all
Leave it to Trump to take care of this issue and stop Monday morning quarterbacking!
Here's a must watch on @SenJohnMcCain. He is a traitor & a disgraceful man how he speaks against @POTUS
I dought it.
#YouAreNotThePresident! Do your job and stand with President Trump!
Well for starters if he put you at Gitmo you would not be able to undermine him any more
Oh...I know. Tell them that that John McCain and his side kick Slappy  Graham have retired.  That would reassure the world.
Can you defend Americans? Somewhat? Sometime? Stand up to the bully who holds office!
The president can't reassure Europe,  we don't trust him.
McCain is a traitor to America and does not realize he is not POTUS We elected Donald Trump not him!!
If he wants to reassure the world,he should RESIGN IMMEDIATELY.
the USA just squashed your little army over there today
John mccain is a scumbag and takes political contributions from Russia.  SAD!
Resign? #RESIST #Trumprussia
Step down wld be good.
#PresidentBannon can reassure EU by resigning.
McCain I am sure in your vendettas you have setup many landmines for Trump. But everyone is wise to you!
He can reassure the wold if Trump resigned.
that's easy-he could resign!

you are a rino and a lot of people in az are sick of you
You Are Damaging Our Country by going to Europe and Complaining Bashing Our @Potus On TV
crushing ISIS and al qaida is reassuring us here in our Country. Ask Trump what matters.
YOU could reassure everyone by not speaking against POTUS on foreign soil & turning over fake doc. 2 FBI
Trump was elected POTUS to fix the probs in the USA-not the world. You can do that with your warmongering!
srry this needs to be in 9 or fewer bullet points for @POTUS and animation would help. But I'll read it !
People being chosen to discriminate against, No protection of our land our water or our people. Sickening
Why are you NOT protecting the peoples rights? NO freedom of press,citizens having to show id for no reasn
Please stop Trump from crippling free press and crushing Russia investigation.
#CountryOverParty McCain.  Remember that and quit being wishywashy
here's a must read for YOU.  Get trump out of there before he ruins this country more.
or he can just stop tweeting and talking off script and fire Bannon and all other nazis in his cabinet
You could also reassure Europe by arguing for an independent comm. to investigate @POTUS links to Russia.
McCain FBI DEP DIR MCCABE CALLS RUSSIAN RUSE "BS." You are so out to lunch! Resign!
I am getting dizzy hearing Russian, ENOUGH # sore losers
don't you see?  He cannot reassure even us how do you expect Europe to understand trump pence and bannon...
Europe needs 2 know we will NOT allow USA 2 b like Europe! STOP ur bizarre criticism of #POTUS! U:Wrong!
food all Tokyo Rose Mcain traitor under a little pressure puts others lives in danger
we are reassured already! Bye bye globalization/ one world order! America first! Thank you @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump can't even reassure America. How does he expect Europe to fall in line?
Who is in charge! It almost seems we have two administrations.

#Syria is kicking #ISIS ass while @SenJohnMcCain illegally enters Syria to help ISIS. WTH! https://aml.ink/vBWLR  via @thearabsource
Ukraine is going to great lengths to keep war crimes quite
now your boys in Ukraine trying to blackmail our president with a bunch of nonsense ,to Get those arms
you asked trump to arms to Ukraine with lethal weapons ,
the reality is that the so called president is colluding with Russia.
Senator McCain We the people demand you resign over your clear ties to Russia.
Senator McCain you solicited campaign funds from Russia You need to resign. That will reassure Europe
General Mattis is more intelligent than McCain.
widespread paranoia. The EU has more crucial issues than Russia.
where is the investigation into russia's interference? You crucified HRC for far less!!
We no longer care what you think John.  Very disappointed
Any chance you're finally going to take down the Russian mole in White House? Weren't you a hero once?
We need to arrest you for violations of the Logan act. Pleasant dreams traitor.
he can leave.  Just go away.
in agreement with your Munich address. Our nation is in jeopardy.  Our ideals buried under alt facts!
after you stabbed the president in the back, why should he even listen to you?
there is no reassurance 4 EU or US. If not impeached within few months, will be dictator and democracy over
Get Over It!
Doesn't he need to reassure America first??
reassure the world by making McCain retire
YES. MCCain needs to retire.  Amen
Mccane must resign for attacking President Trump on foreign soil. He is a traitor and also leaked info.
trump is the traitor and you are braindead if you cant see that
if he resigns, that might reassure Europe and me.
Who has the ties to the Russian government?! The RINO @SenJohnMcCain Read about his requests here http://patriotupdate.com/new-link-found-russia-former-presidential-candidate/ …
18 U.S. Code § 2381
why does he need to reassure Europe? America 1st! You should learn from Trump.
ok.... after I look at this.  ADVICE-Russia should not come out of your mouth again.
How about reassuring US citizens! Too many sleepless nights here!
Excellent read.   Senator, thank you for your commitment and candor.
@SenJohnMcCain Did you take Russian money lately,you hack?
Notice how all the dumbed down minds came up with the same "witty" "resign" motifs.  Birds of a feather!
swallow your pride and respect your president.
By turning in his resignation.
Quit trying to have it both ways. Support the America or support your party.Pick one. If it's America, then investigate Trump
@MaxBoot @BillGalston @WSJ  just resigning! #TRUMPRUSSIA
.@SenJohnMcCain .@BillGalston .@WSJ Shouldn't he try to reassure us first? I don't recall him trying yet.
that's easy....RESIGN IMMEDIATELY
@BrookingsInst @BillGalston @WSJ Brookings now retweeting John McCain? Now boarding: the perpetual war express! 
by resigning?
This so called President can not reassure anyone.
you should make sure @POTUS reads it
John-boy, we're all more interested in how much presser ppl/@realDonaldTrump can put on you to disappear.
Funny how you go after Trump over Russia when in 08 you raised your dress and begged for money from Russia  #MAGA
This is @SenJohnMcCain’s dumbfoundingly indirect way of saying “The President is freaking out Europe.”
Must-read @BillGalston @WSJ: "How the President Can Reassure Europe" https://www.wsj.com/articles/how-the-president-can-reassure-europe-1487722974 …
I remember the last time a president freaked out Europe, the Iron Curtain came tumbling down. B4 yer time.
not b4 my time.  That Perez had a theory, a mandate, and a NSA.
I meant prez of course
How to have Pres. reassure Europe?  Have him do what he does best, throw a great party.
why don't you reasure the United States by retiring? Leaker.
The president can reassure Europe by resigning today.
Hey John McCain are you an American or an European or is it old age that's causing your politics to @POTUS
Too long in Washington will make anyone nuts. He needs to resign or be charged.
President Trump can reassure Europe & the rest of the world- by resigning.
No reassuring needed. Stop pushing false narratives. EU is under chaos and collapse. They have enough issues
ok I agree to all that now who's going to tell the president AND get him to do it
if he can't reassure Americans how the hell will he reassure Europe...the man's full blown crazy
Trump can reassure Europe by acting presidential. Too bad that's absolutely impossible
Europe will not be reassured as long as this president is in office. Investigate his connections to Russia.
nobody cares what you think has been
Great the guy who couldn't win his presidential election now champion of those who would not vote for him!!
@VP @POTUS INDEPENDENT investigation of Russian influence on elections and new admin.
I'd rather see @POTUS reassure America than your Globalist agenda of placating Europe.
@WSJEurope is a mess, remember John they need us they always have
Please investigate Trump's ties to #RUSSIA #TRAITOR
by resigning! Simple solution!
Uh, no the truth about Soros being thanked on Ukraine coup 2005 docs, is what matters. @realDonaldTrump

also why did you send a letter to they now dead UN Russ Amb in NYC asking for Camp $$$ ???
Can't get it in your head 894/899? Trump won, you lost. Make an appointment and talk to him.
You just can't get passed your selfish power trip to get along with trump, do something for the GOP
McCain U read this since U went to Europe sucked up to media live bash POTUS basically called him dictator
John you need to just quit.  No have no intregrity any longer.
so long has he keeps praising Putin and holding his hand don't think it'll work
sadly I don't think he wants to reassure anyone. He wants to be king of the world. No questions asked
You are so wrong-Black barackhusseinobama is the evil you're searching for.TRUMP will #MAGA
The problem: Trump doesn't care what anyone outside his scary circle thinks! MORE GOPers need to Speak Out!
2% means spending, not spending smart- is there another benchmark
How we laughed when USSR spent itself to death
RESIGN & give White House keys to ?????
he can do it best by resigning.
Our President should be the best person in room, and will consider advice from those with special knowledge or ability
resigning would be a good start.
That would be resigning!
actually you need to STOP putting your agenda ahead of the safety of America(I volunteered & voted for you)
by resigning that would be a relief for us and our allies. #Resist#2018#2020
By going after Russia?!!  Yes, that would be a start...  oh wait.  No, he loves Putin.
why doesn't your words against trump match your actions? R u for the party or the people? America is done @BillGalston @WSJ
Galston on your CIA Deep State payroll. I'm not reading this shit
I know how he can REALLY reassure Europe: resign!
Enough of your CIA paid for articles in WaPo & NYT. We don't believe what you plant
Trent franks#go f.... yourself
This president does not want to reassure Europe, but the placate Putin.
Did anybody else say that he can just resign?
<<<<<------ LOOK AT THESE THREE SOURCES!!!! ALL THREE ARE ACTIVELY INCITING DIVISION IN THE PRESIDENCY.
Senator, POTUS can reassure Europe by resigning.
he can't. You have to do it for him.
easy: retire
Trump can reassure Europe by resigning
Bless, you, Senator McCain, for standing up for American values.
by bashing our president on foreign soil! How patriotic! #RINOscum
Best way for Trump to reassure Europe is for you to resign and go far away.
don't you worry about the American veterans here in America. Instead of worrying about Europe . #TermLimits
he can't reassure anyone- would be all talk. He gave permission for unrest - Sweden?!? Think integrity.
Yeah John, a blog from the liberal Wall Street Journal.Your "nevertrump" is over. You are now a Repub joke.
AMERICA FIRST
The best option that would please our allies would be for Donald Trump to resign. Period. Period.
John, America first! Why don't you focus on reassuring us that POTUS isn't compromised? Show us the TAX RETURNS!   
show us a true bipartisan miracle and take out the trash
You're in denial, Trump is aligned with Russia, not Europe. Investigate him.
Good Wednesday Morning,Sen.John McCain; ONE can never READ enough about EUROPE, (FULL) like YOU!
Reveals #USA Secrets! DupedBy Guy PRETENDIN 2B ForeignMin! @WSJ #maga #TrumpTrain @TeamTrump @realDonaldTrump @nyse @nws #ap
Any way he likes, nobody buys it
