Il Ministro @robertapinotti incontra il Presidente della Commissione Difesa Senato americano @SenJohnMcCain 
Bet you were trying to stab Trump in the back in some kind of way.....
We have a democratic elected President and is not up to YOU, senile man to command what is going around.
Traveling abroad and undermining, badmouthing our President is a Felony. Just think about it: You are not above the law.
Yea and McCain is the biggest one of all.....Drain the Swamp !!!!!!
Start in our own house. @DonaldJTrumpJr has committed treason. What are you doing about it?!
SenileMcCain stated that defense industry executives manning the Pentagon is“not what our Founding Fathers had in mind.”Pentagon wasn't then

McCain: Dangerous and Most Wanted

Get lost, insane McCain. We know  you are involved in this just like the dossier. You ,Soros puppet will be exposed and punished
Just checking in on your feed @SenJohnMcCain to see if you found your spine.  #Nope
You are a traitor McCain.  How dare you put our country at risk, not tell the truth, hide behind Soros.  You don't deserve your position
John.  You are useless and need to recognize you are the end of Republicans. #DisarrayR
C'mon Senator McCain! Do something! Use your power. For the Beautiful Country we live in. 
#RevokeKushnersTSC
someone has to act like a prez. how long r u all going to ignore his incompetence? if it were HRC impeach wud hv started
McCain is a RINO and spews an anti-GOP unity message.
Where do you stand on presidents committing treason @SenJohnMcCain ?
Dear John You, George Bush and Romney will eventually face the consequences of Steele Gov will find out soon
WE GAVE YOU THE WH, HOUSE & SENATE
YOU HAVE 3 TASKS
REPEAL ACA (ABSOLUTELY MANDATORY)
TAX REFORM
BUILD WALL
NO EXCUSES!DO IT OR BE REPLACED!
Teaching them how to be a Songbird?
Traitor to the U.S.A.
Sir your leadership is needed at home to defend our #Democracy. @realDonaldTrump has to stopped #CountryBeforeParty #25thAmendmentNow
you know that nothing will come of your 'meeting'. you guys don't anything for the country!!!!
Are you involved in the Don Jr. nonsense, too? Resign!
Natalia Veselnitskaya posted a pic from inside McCain's office in Dec 2015 
Build the wall

New congress and new Senate Either back  Trump our We The People will get new blodd in there
https://twitter.com/JackPosobiec/status/885001097420697606 … Sen.McCain what do u know abt all this, sure smelling like 
Natalia Veselnitskaya posted a pic from inside McCain's office in Dec 2015 
IPOCRITI: dopo 5 anni non si e' indagato su chi ha finanziato ISIS ? Forse xke settori CIA, Massoni EBREI, Arabia S., paesi UE conniventi?
Biggest POS that watched 20 trillion n 11 million illegals. talk about treason n a pos!
John McCain is a senile, subversive mad man. The worse enemy of the conservatives and our Republic.
Signore Pinotti! This man is a traitor of America! A fascist and a snake! Do not believe a word he says!
Why wont you investigate?.Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire http://politi.co/2jBNetH  via @politico
you ever in Washington DC? You are not SOS, stop acting like you are, imposter. Get back to the states and do the work u were elected to do
And your reaction to DTJr is? That is the only question today.
When are you going to acknowledge we have a Mafia Family running the White House? TREASON!!
You are a joke & a Rhino. You only defend your Dem buddies against attacks from fellow Republicans. What's with the big lump on your jaw?
Why aren't you working on getting the Russians out of the WH
Mccain- today the dam broke- Trump info out there that he's concluding w/Russians- Don't sit back and wait for him to destroy America
McCain is the traitor, he sent Staff to go get the Russian Dossier! Disgusting!
Congrats for all your negative comments about the president. You and Lindsey are the new right obstructionist.
We won't forget your part in this, traitor
Well then I pray Y'all are figuring out a way to restore some dignity in the GOP and stand up and scream your Patriotism and Impeach
What about trump?
Were you giving out confidential information again? Old traitor habits are hard to break.#VeteransForTraitorJohnMcCain'sRecall.
WHAT are you doing to ensure our national security, Senator? We've been invaded at top levels of govt by Trump and his cabal. PLEASE HELP US
Uh oh, McCain is colluding with the Italians

LNA spox says US-backed militia leader and John McCain BFF Abdelhakim Belhadj never left al-Qaeda or terrorism https://pjmedia.com/homeland-security/2017/07/11/exclusive-libyan-army-spox-says-obama-clinton-abandoned-the-libyan-people-to-the-terrorists/?singlepage=true … 
#COLLUSIONITALIANO!
Amazing how many out of state whacko bird snowflake trolls you have following your tweets.
Quit trying to act like you're President.. 
America has a President that we voted into office and he is doing an amazing job.
Please retire
A whole lot of good that's going to do with a Russian plant in the White House.
Really? What about having serious discussions re security and defense concerns raised by the Trump admin. When will it be enough for you?
Let's see some ACTION on the crisis to America's identity and security happening under our noses with the Trump administration. GoP must ACT
Please Senator McCain this has gone to far! Be the one to make a difference for our country! You can do it. No do something today!!
Thanks for having this important meeting. As a native AZ American we need you to stand up now. Do not let yourself go down with traitors!
Defense Minister of Italy??? Really??
What have you done today to secure our security & defense from trump? Right, he gave your wife a job, so you toe the line.
Traitor in the White House. Whadja gonna do? Hoping that solicitation to the Russian embassy during 2008 campaign was an honest mistake.
Healthcare? Impeachment? Anything that matters? Or do you want to talk about Olympics, too?
Why don't you discuss with him that Chinese hackers have done much more harm than anyone to the US than anything Russians have every done?
Uh huh.
What are you going to do about Trump?
McCain is going to continue to oppose Trump and be the Rino he http://is.You  want Trump out?  Vote demo next presidential election
Are they going to help get the Russians out of our government?
Do u have a brain?  The CIA, FBI. Homeland security,etc ALL say no Russia. Wake up and smell the coffee...FAKE NEWS
Um hello, you keep supporting Trump who is the #1 danger to our security and defense.  Grow a pair and call for his impeachment!
Grateful there are still people like you in congress to show there is still some integrity/honesty alive. Thank You

Did U agree to form an elite squad of Tuscan winemakers to combat the scourge that is the winecooler industry? Oh wait that's a POTUS move
Anything else kinda going on, Senator?
john I'M scared with Trumps son going to foreign agent entering our electoral process. Want to hurt anyway American family our lands=DANGER!
Did he ask about the lunatic President?  We lose credibility every day Trump is in office. Americans are weary, rattled and divided.
In case you missed it, Trump Jr met w/ Russian attorney to get dirt on Clinton. He knew it was a Russia attorney/Govt't .Do something!
More important things need taken care of #1 Russia blackmaile our President with other meetings with Russia no one knows about
Any comment on Don Jr.? Silence=Complicity
How can we be secure with compromised individuals in the WH?
The fact that Kushner will show up at the WH w/ his job & security clearance intact tomorrow given what we know is an unbelievable scandal.
War war give us war I bet you said that
Republican here. It's our responsibility to remove the mistake we put in the WH. Might just save the party, too.
Security and defense? Why keep the charade going after ignoring @DonaldJTrumpJr 's treason? @SenJohnMcCain @robertapinotti
Treason 
That's terrific. Now, could you get to work on the Trump campaign's documented collusion with Russia? That'd be great!
Do your homework, there is no criminal statute for colluding with any government during an election
@MinisteroDifesa @ItalyinUS @SM_Difesa @Agenzia_Ansa @USArmy Revoke Kushner's TSC please. Traitors!
And what's the big security issue today?
Usa backed #AlQaeda base captured by #Syria
VIDEO: Syrian Army captures US military base in southern #Syria https://aml.ink/FsB67  #Sweida
