BREACH OF TRUST. COLLUSION. GRAFT.
INDICT @GOP @SpeakerRyan @USAGSessions @SenateMajLdr @jasoninthehouse @VP @POTUS TREASON #trumprussia
Healthcare would be less expensive for them if you would stop sending them to die in new wars with the terrorists you create
Vets should be able to go to any Doctor and any Hospital of their choice. What is so difficult to make that possible? Get to work on it.
I know you are a good man and a patriot too! You know that trump is a danger to us all no matter what party we may align with. Impeach him!
@realDonaldTrump this is all well and good but the people running the VA need to be given their walking papers.
When you need to call the VA to get approved to go to a Local qualified Doctors, it's not a Veterans choice. It's the VA 's choice.
If anyone wish to know who truly came up with the Choice Card idea you can watch this video. Stealing is real!
Why not just make a law that says all politicians up to and including POTUS must get all there personal healthcare through the VA
Either that or the American Health Care Act. Then what would the coverage and deductibles look like.
I  no longer believe a word you say, sir!!!  #NuclearOption
I will never forget the insult from Trump. Thank you for ur service
Ask the Vietnam Veterans about "SongBird" McCain...
I'm asking you, what do you think of a POTUS evading war bc of Bone Spurs? And was a top notch athlete at the same time. Be sincere
Mccain maybe a hero but John will ALWAYS CHOOSE

Party  Over  Country

Who do you choose?
McCain is no hero. And he is a RINO, he doesn't even choose his own party which explain the 'songbird' nickname.
How about putting Congress, all members, under the social security retirement program instead of their current Congressional Pension?
Well that would make too much sense
Many on Access, Arizona's version of Medicaid will be in horrendous circumstances should it's funds be cut/eliminated. Please fight for it!
NO YOUR NOT YOUR WORKING TO DESTROY HEALTHCARE FOR THE INSURANCE COMPANIES NOT AMERICANS!
No you aren't Name on bill you sponsored
Vets deserve quality health care...so does everyone else...richest country in the world.
Trump is working on it you've had like what 40 yrs in senate to fox it john
How about focusing on the medical issues, like the cost of medication, Medicare supplemental plans, etc. also fix the SS administration.
You have been in Congress for 100yrs and done nothing for Vets or Americans. RINO is your name-o
Wow I wish the kids were as important to you as veterans.
2 many problems with choice program! Stop trying to privatize it!TriWest is dysfunctional and incompetent administrator
400,000 vet use ACA, Obamacare.  I heard there's many problems with Vets Choice.
You USED to be someone I looked up to. Putin has more credibility than you , and he has ZERO.
LIAR.  you have voted time and time again to stop funding our veterans health bill. DON'T BELIEVE A WORD THIS TRAITOR SAYS.
I have lost respect for you.  Talk is cheap.  Your actions and votes put party over country.  No integrity--no moral capacity for shame.
Too late! A disgrace how our vets are served
That's wonderful. Wish you would work equally as hard for term limits in Congress.
We could have healthcare for everyone with just the 60 billion increase in the already bloated 600 bil. defense budget.
John, this is something you should have been working on years ago
See John? This is the first of many attempts to subvert our democracy for $$. DJT is selling- will you stand by?
We need a special prosecutor. Our election was STOLEN. And the dog and pony shows that are the House&Senate investigations are pure theater.
You've fought for your. By not insisting on a special prosecutor, you're laying down and letting enemies weaken democracy for money.
History will not be kind to those who stood idly by!Words are no longer enough JM. You've voiced your dissent- turn those words into ACTION.
It's obvious you have chosen your party over country. The GOP is destroying America. Foreign policy is on sale for half price
The POTUS budget of 4.8% increase in VA funds is the least amount it's been for the last eight years. Veteran are going backwards with you.
Veterans deserve it, but it would be nice if you worked just as hard for healthcare for all of us
How about #healthcare for all Americans?
Amazing how all your work went nowhere until Trump was elected. Give the Pres a break and stop shooting him in the back.
The finest healthcare for Vets, STOP MAKING WARS!!!
Maybe you could put them on the same healthcare plan Congress gets?
You could greatly improve the quality of life for Disabled Veterans, just by paying them the Retirement that they have earned S.66
trump engages in kleptocracy without party opposition. @SenJohnMcCain supports trump anyway
Sir, will you be letting tillerson lift sanctions?
Legalize medical marijuana.  My veteran wife has been on horrible opioids for service relate injury for years. Afraid of accidental overdose
#CountryOverParty you sellout
This is good news. My dad is a vet living in Tucson.
Get back to DC and stop tRump from destroying our government & our country so we can take care of our vets.  You all are sleeping on Russia
Make sure that Meals on Wheels stays in place which feeds 500.000 Veterans. Don't you dare let Anybody take those away.
You presided over the Phoenix VA disaster 4 how many years ? @POTUS takes action & U want credit. Funny unless you're a Vet
Gluing your name to Trump's in the video is not a good look for you, John.  You might want to remix this.
Hey Songbird!-My Dad ran a MASH unit in Korea-he would have ur nuts 4 ur lying& dereliction of duty 2 our wonderful VETS!
Pls find other republicans to protect all Americans sir! Release his taxes!
How 'bout we improve health care for ALL Americans?
I don't understand why "the greatest nation" still doesn't have public health care,  like Canada, Denmark, Australia. .
VA is govt single pay and we know how that works. Awful.
Let's get back to the Exxon/Russia thing...
prompts a letter writing campaign to corporate headquarters on sanitary "lavatory" sign off sheets, feces and blood. teen cashiers tho.
Try working a little harder for EVERYONE's healthcare!  Save Medicare, Medicaid for every. single. American!
Do you realise Trump is ruining our beautiful America? Have you forgotten Treason ..Russia..election he stole from Hillary.
Does that mean you'll vote no to the proposed legislation that they have to pay into their post 9/11 benefits?
More convinced than ever that there are NO experts in anything!  All idiots!
Thank You for your service, Senator McCain, You are my favorite. 
But, we still need term limits.
https://twitter.com/1200CreativeInn/status/765184375277355008 … @TheShieldWWE
@gunnette as he's not being honest https://twitter.com/madhatternews/status/764983644943425536 … we fixed internet bond issue; he disappeared 
And you  couldn't have started that years ago?
That's great, but Allbetter Insurance is the only choice of Ins Carrier in Maricopa County under the ACA. What is being done about that?
Another fix, give congressmen access to VA only... that would fix it fast right @tedcruz  and @JohnCornyn .
We all need better cheaper healthcare. The gov should but each vet the best policy $ can buy.  Problem fixed. VA dismantled
SO,IS REX T GETTING HIS RUSSIA REWARDS? BEWARE!
Hey John-boy.. What is it that you're doing in healthcare?? Sounds like you're trying to take credit 4 something you're not involved with!!
Just let @POTUS make his announcements & you STFA!
if I had my way we'd be starting wars every other Sunday
Just give them single payer. Free. For life. That is the least we can do for our vets
They already have it thanks to govt. be careful what u ask for from govt
If they already have single payer they should be able to go to any dr Or hospital anywhere. Not just vet admin
Single pay VA means u get VA. If you want govt single pay u will get what THEY decide not u.
well. Real single payer means you can go to any dr it any hospital you want. This is the insurance we should have for our vets
Linda late to this game Senator!
All Federal Employees should have Obama care and not have their benefits and pay for life no one has that in the real world and John your a
Thank you. I love to see work getting done for the American people. Let's pass some more Bills.
The gov should work hard to find the records of veterans instead of stating "They burned in a fire" My husband is a Vietnam vet can't get
benefits due to this, most were treated so badly when they got home they did not keep anything connected to their time in service...Sad.
Pathetic that this needs to be done at all . Should be an automatic program, but eat them up and spit them out is way cheaper
How can the Veterans Administration function efficiently when no one knows who's in charge? David Shulkin or Jared Kushner?
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @SpeakerRyan The problem I'm having comprehending this - is why it has taken so long? Why?
No no no the problem with Phoenix was requests for disability that was backlogged. Hospital care is impeccable at most VA Care Centers. Diff
Why are you now taking Credit? You've done nothing to support President
How about healthcare for All Americans? Then everyone could be treated with dignity
I am glad to see all veterans get free health care they deserve it. Now the rest of the country the people who can afford it also deserve it
The improved vet healthcare is great and combined with the hiring of decent managers at VA facilities we can turn this around. Love McCain
Or just buy vets good insurance policies or let them in medicare
Work that dam hard in the FBI  investigation and get that toxic parasite and his family out of the highest most respected office in America
you're out 4 your repub party not Vets here in AZ Vets has been neglected 4 yrs. So u or any of our representatives fixing it
Жони тебе уже никакое здравоохраненние не поможет ))
What's in your browser history?
When are we going to help the 50,000 homeless men and women who have served our country. We should be ashamed
How is it possible you give any amount of support to Donald Trump?
Get the traitor out of the White House
How about stop siding with your buddy tRump.
Recently returned home ; Sen. John McCain
How many decades late?
How about working hard to improve it for ALL Americans? 
