Bet you didn't talk about wet starts, Forrestal, or the nickname songbird. Just RETIRE Brutus
This is how America will Remember you...
You're the swamp.... get ready to get drained.

The multimillionaire public servant
Does he even know his state, AZ, is one state with no choice of healthcare providers and doubling insurance rates?
You and @JohnKerry are both fuckin Traitors! #GTFO
Sir I hope you watched it before you endorse it.
Well at least you don't hide anymore hanging out with Obama's inner circle. Guitar guy was there singing You Got a Friend in Me?
Would have been nice to watch you better healthcare

I love Ken Burns' Civil War and Prohibition docs, this one will be great and I'm glad you were there.
Traitor then, traitor now...
Odd reps for Vietnam doc.  Two guys who didn't exactly follow protocol. Oh well, it's not who your ARE, it's who you KNOW.
Why was Kerry there considering the fact about this subject??
Are you serious?
Ken burns is he only good guy in the photo. The two John's are not good people as they have enriched themselves not only by squandering our nations wealth but by fiscal fraud and deceit
Love u senator Mc Cain ur my hero
You make me sick "Songbird McCant"
In mexihole. I Don't give me pause.
Vote for tax reform or lose your committee assignment.
Our war heroes Kerry & McCain ! Captured & not Captured !


I pray for a speedy recovery for Me McCain
@SenJohnMcCain They say a picture is worth 1000 words. This one just about says it all!!!!
I wish I had ur healthcare I'm suffering with RA & in constant pain .
Me too.
They can't do anything about it, it has nothing to do with HC.
I know just had to put it out there.
You should stand up to those swift boaters & tell this country how sick the GOP is. That's when the "deplorables" went in the gutter first.
You could have had billions for the military if the ACA was repealed and mandates gone...
Beats working, huh?
You never fail to show yr colors. I wouldn't be in the same room with traitor John Kerry. You're an increasing embarassement to all military
Why is traitor Jayne Fonda Kerry there?
Just go away John!  Only 1's who care  r the media to get u to trash trump, ur contributors who buy your vote, and your huge ego.  Just go!
Retire!!!

ISIS recruiting photo!
Working on the Tax Reform Plan or sabotaging Mr Trump agenda???
Can't wait to see this, Love Ken burns
Traitor McCain what can I say. Other than he is a POS
Americans hv repeatedly been fooled of u being of republican ( nt that it wud make a diff) -
Thank you again for your service @SenJohnMcCain you went above and beyond.
Thank you, Senator.
Rest up!!
Take a walk with Meg 
More lies, I'm sure. Especially if they call you a hero. Yellow is more like it. #SpinelessNEANDERTHAL!
Normal people!!!!(dump TRUMP!).
Your urine bag is on display in Hanoi War museum. I'm not taking the piss!
I  HAVE ALTERED MANY THINGS THIS IS POSSIBLE! GOD WILL HELP! THE ASTEROID THE EARTHQUAKE IN CALIFORNIA HEALTHCA CRISIS ALL THINGS POSSIBLE!
Understanding Vietnam War is so important in our history.  Thank you for your service. #vietnamwarPBS #veterans
John you let the working American family down. You should be on Obamacare.
Sending you my best, Sen McCain. Prayers for you and your family.
SENATOR THIS WITH COMBUSTION ENGINE WILL WORK! THE COST FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS OF PEACE AND PROSPERITY NEGLIGEABLE!
it's a fight that effects and takes the strength of the entire family give the support needed to fight and be victorious

I like to see you launched out of Washington DC never to return. You don't represent the American people. You're filled with hate for us!
Will you be explaining this recording Senator?
https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
The photo op. From what I hear your VA is one of the worst in the country. Glad to see u having fun tho
Love any thing Ken Burns But I refuse to use facebook
Ken is a national treasurer and just one more reason it's important to support the arts and all they do to make America great.
You should take a long lunch

RINO
Are you buying Hillary's book? You should. Terrific read.

