John McCain is a traitor and is a paid shill of the globalist corporations
Dwindling?  The only thing "dwindling" is your pea brain.
YOUR RECORD ON IMMIGRATION IS TERRIBLE AND HAS PUT ARIZONA AT RISK!
GREAT MOVE SENATOR THANK YOU!
are you trying to imply that our soldiers need a polygraph? What the matter you trust them to fight but not to protect border
BUILD THE DAMN WALL @POTUS and back it up with guns.
How is lowering the entry barriers to work ICE BP going to keep anyone safe?  Many big changes too fast, a shell game?
Get it straight. Us white, Christian males are both Patriots and QUALIFIED "thugs".  BTW....screw McCain !
Polygaph makes ZERO sense. They are WORTHLESS in a court of law.
Jeff Flake and John McCain working on anything related to illegal immigration is a joke.  Flake is on way out.
Hey John, you're a republican, so get on board or unhitched completely, we don't need subversion in the GOP!
time to retire john McCain Arizona
Secretary of Homeland Security does not want to "relax" standards.  @SenJohnMcCain owes the private prison Corp. for their $ pmt. to him.
Really bad idea!!!
Ask McCain why he takes millions from Saudis thru his foundation, & never calls them out for terrorism.
time for john McCain to be retired
If you pay enough, you can get plenty of employees who can pass a polygraph. If not... well, you get what you pay for.
That is how you have problems.  If members of the military and DoD have to have it then so should Border Patrol hires
Why skip an essential step in their screening? Shouldn't border agents require at least as much vetting as immigrants?
They DONT lie detector refugees coming into the Country, but they do American citizens applying for a job?
Yeah and the pay will be so bad that you won't find anyone to do it. No pay, no reward.
This is good...a BOT responding to another BOT.
the most failed, racist and possibility most corrupt presidency in u s history
Simple solution here....take 2 ID outta S. Korea.  Place on U.S. border defending America.  What say you Songbird ?
Trumps admin. is a denigration of morality. I wait for U to stand up. At times u do. Other times u helped it become this.
Are republicans ever going to deal with trump
Anyways, I'm here as a Reminder:  b4 !  Country b4 Party! People b4 Trump! 
it will not stop the real criminals.
The Wall is a waste of money. We're better off using the money on military. Wall 'maybe' stop females & children, but
didn't you used to work for us or were we just fools?
Nematomorpha (Animal).
https://goo.gl/search/Nematomorpha …
John it's a miracle I have found you're closest relative!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
polygraphs arent accurate, easy to fool & tell us that fruit & vegetables are lying phonies so who cares? Be a leader
BOT...BOT...BOT...BOT
All of our public servants should be subject to vetting- a slip thru 1 agency should not apply to another. 
ex: Flynn
@jeffflake
"Boots at a #Townhall "
Hard to take our Senators seriously when they cannot meet their own public.
Sessions/Bannon's ideological immigration stance will not be supported
your fired!
so what, illegals and refugees don't have to take polygraphs
That should enhance "esprit de corps" among the pros!
Of course, in neuroscience, there is no such thing as a "lie detector" -- medically, a polygraph is just a poly graph.
Every body ıs thinking US ıs not an ally of Turkey any more?
Dear Sen.Turkey is on your Side Thanks For your talking!Best Regards!
definitely better than the troops going 1/2 strength to Syria!
please tell me you'll vote against this.
Well if the Commander in Chief can be a liar, why not law enforcement on the border?
Nothin but the best to guard us.
do your job #IndependentInvestigation
NOT GOOD!
Are you crazy.?
That would mean the drug cartels could have a mole and open borders.
It's always about the Money.
Just ask the Prez how much Money he owes Foreign Banks.
That right he won't say
WHAT?
Automated guns on the border sounds better. Border agents would be safer.
Here's the deal. If wall is so effective then no need for Border Patrol. One or other, can't waste $$ on both.
The polygraph should be scrapped for everyone government-wide. Polygraphy is a thoroughly discredited pseudoscience.
Scrap polygraph ?  Certainly.  Agreed.  But scrap Songbird McCain also.
Hanoi John needs to make it official, he's a Democrat!!!
limiting the scope of the test seems like a far better idea.  Perhaps adding "in the past two years"?
We need Boots at the VA as we have countless veterans being abused, denied medical care, etc... What's more important?
@FoxNews @POTUS Go for it Gen John! Why don't u get a uniform for next New Year..early! Obviously can't do ur job!
NOT acceptable.
. You are very poor excuse of taxpayers representative.
would love to see you strapped to a polygraph
keep the polygraph
Terrifying given the amount that failed polygraph tests already.
should have been done this
@All100Senators @abc15 Aren't polygraphs inadmissable in a court of law?
Bad idea. If you can't pass a polygraph you can't watch my border.
FAIL - DOA
I doubt half of congress could pass a Border Patrol polygraph. In fact I'd put money on it.
So?
No thanks. We have enough liars & traitors in Congress.
What we need  men and women in BLUE Customs and Border Protection to allow business to come and go across the border
The wall is bull's shit and extremely disingenuous. Trump, penalize the companies that marginalize by hiring illegal!
that would certainly help!  Maybe people just coming out of military would fit the bill if there is enough of them!
To be fair this will work I think bypassing the polygraph tests for these men and women. Such a horrible wall!
Senator, please focus on the trump/russian investigation There appears to be a lot to look into. Please save America
lighten up nut case
What does it matter? OPM gave high clearance to foreign agents, debtors, white nationalists & frauds in Trump's admin.
I'm a Caucasian male born in this country.  I believe in America.  Time is coming to hang all you Marxist agitators.
Ironically, green card holders can join the military.
so will there be oversight for all these new employees? Signed your concerned constituent at 85029
Get ready for chew spitting white nationalists busting Mexicans over the head with batons
How horrendous to have this wall. I hope it is indeed a necessary thing to ensure security. I hope it is not a mistake
get rid of the doors in your house! Let everyone come in!!!
simple fix. Don't ask them questions that they might have to lie about. Make Marijuana legal then ask about drugs.
Polygraph Trump!
really? Obama, Hillary, pelosi?
