Are you using the Phoenix VA Hospital to treat your brain cancer?
McCain where were you on the VA problems for the last 16 years. No where to be found you are a sad little man
Hope your treatments are going well. The Mooch jokes should give you a little laughter to get you through. 
RESIGN #MAGA
How about looking for bi-partisan ways to make a lasting fix on healthcare.
Bipartisan means Obamacare is not repealed. That is unacceptable
Also Trump is much much better than you because he beat Hillary with lots and lots of opposition. You lost to an easy opponent. U R no good.
He was candidate right after 8 years of Bush...
And lost to an inexperienced junior Senator because he didnt want to "fight" as that junior Senator fought him.
Pathetic.
Yeah... I'm sure Giuliani or Huckabee would have been better... 
People want a champion for their needs, someone who wants them to win. Obama campaigned like that but didn't deliver. Trump is delivering.
We can then work on ways to reduce individual mandate through other measures and then once stabilized remove. It's all balance.
Rest easy. Senate will work together and figure something out. Maybe you could ask graham to like bi-partisanship.
Don't you have some dem work to do, you RINO
Wow how low can you go. It's not a game.
Great. Now if we can quit privatizing and expand the VA workforce that would help our vets out!!!
Mccain are you getting ur care at the Va
John, are you still on the VA waiting list for treatment? Oh, you don't use the VA...

@POTUS @WhiteHouse @Morning_Joe @SenateGOP @SenateDems IF YOU LIKE WHISTLEBLOWERS THEN YOU MUST LOVE LEAKERS SAME 
Are whistleblowers the same as leaks if US security is at stake?
Notice I'm throwing some ideas around. AMA has some good ideas too.
You did the right thing on healthcare. We need bi-partisanship to make a lasting outcome.
Your legacy is now tainted. Dems praise you, but not honest.  Rep stood by you & suffered for 8 years, believed you, but you let us down.
SENATOR  WITH THIS PRESIDENT WE HAVE TROUBLE !HE STILL WANTS A 15% CORP http://TAX.HOW   IS THE GOVERNMENT GOING TO PAY IT'S BILL
We should all be blowing the whistle on traitor john. For telling us he was a Republican when he is really a far left Democrat. #recalljohn
Is there any situation in which a politician could not vote lock step with the party line, and you would still consider them a republican?
Yes ! but traitor John never has. He has never been a republican. He never ever would have been elected as a Dem so lies to Arizona
Trump is killing the VA
Yes and let's protect the whistleblowers who are leaking to the press about the corrupt WH CREW @POTUSPressPool @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Funny how we call private sector individuals #Whistleblower but Gov't employees are #Leakers  -  Sorry they need the same protections!
Blah Blah Blah!! Where's my healthcare!!!! Stop changing the subject! Get yr job done!!
Sad that one of the worse VA offenders is where your home office is, stop by and visit much? But then you have your Cadillac plan!
Hey John, now you need those benefits, don't you?
You bailed on your supporters and outright lied to them.
Add it to your legacy of failure.
What's the line between whistleblowing and a leak?
Just don't get too close to the emperor; very bad things happen.
Millions of Americans known who you really are John. How do you sleep at night John. Clearly we don't have the sames morals.
A lot will have to happen with VA management for whistleblowers not to fear retaliation for reporting violations- people lose their jobs.
You're a liar and a fraud
Retire while you still have some of your facilities!Because you sure aren't for the people your a perfect example for Term limits MAGA
This isn't like when you were the whistle blower in Hanoi telling in real patriots
Some good news!  Yea!
Yeah we vets call that VAMC a killer...that is in your area eh Senator!
So please encourage graham to drop the that proposal and there are ways we can keep balance while keep conservative and liberal ideas.
Reminder- this @POTUS @realDonaldTrump still hasn't signed #RussiaSanctions. I wonder why #TrumpRussia
One way to fix ACA they said is we could remove the employer mandate but make individual exchange only through marketplace.
Now, that is how it should I'd be handled!
You could have a conservative medical journal make a list and then we could find common points and then merge.
Cause at the end of the day it's about getting people covered. So there is some other research that can be done.
I agree though that 19 states should expand Medicaid. Let's get most people covered. Then introduce bills to elect choices for people.
As you see from the article there are many things you can do. One way is some states including a basic option and then having completion.
I like this http://acasignups.net/17/07/25/updated-if-i-ran-zoo-20-repairsimprovements-obamacare-20 … because it talks about ways to incorporate insurers into discussion.
Here's some suggestions both how to include fixes and bring insurers back to the states
A person that has some ideas a @charles_gaba and @TopherSpiro. There are ways to mend the bills.
Well thought through legislation with the backing of health organizations is the best. Panel of healthcare experts, insurers, and governors.
Then a series of bills can be drafted and then passed through senate. You voted right.
You should acknowledge @POTUS for bringing important improvements to VA. You adored Obama and he did nothing!
Then we can figure out what proposals through committee work best. Some leeway can be given to work for some states.
Healthcare experts can help bring ideas how to bring more insurers to the market and make a healthy system.
Republicans and democrats shouldn't treat healthcare like a game. It needs committees and experts.
You made the right choice. The only way to make long lasting legislation is to work together.
Let's improve healthcare together democrats and republicans. Both sides have fixes, send them through committee.



Song bird!
Maybe your name would come up to as a blower! Stay home we don't want to hear from u any longer traitor Two-Face backstabber
We need to praise President Trump for his commitment, determination & swift actions that he's taking,  on VA Reform!!  It's long overdue!!
Happy to read this. VA whistleblowers have been badly abused and deserve our support and respect. Well done Brandon Coleman!
10 days and he will be fired.
How about protecting us from obamacare? Can we go to the VA to get our back stabbed wound fixed? You want your knife back?
How much he got paid for blowing the whistle ?
Policy differences are one thing - but personally attacking an American pow is truly disgusting.
Repeal and replace John McLiar.
Are still being scraped ? Even though they are eligible for sale ? Costing  taxpayers 100's of millions in returned funds
Or the requirements for demilitarizing why are new items mutilated and sold for scrap? Why are hmmwv finally being sold but yet thousands
You don't care about our fellow #Veterans ! You are a traitor, what you say is irrelevant. #MAGA #Trump #DrainTheSewer
You're a liar and deceiver.
What about whistleblowers that are NOT gov employees?¿? Fuck them right !! http://www.dla.mil/AboutDLA/News/NewsArticleView/Article/722249/independent-public-accountant-audit-kicks-off-at-dla-distribution/ … why didn't this audit:audit surplus sales
Please go home and get your rest  you liberal voting ole man!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Traitor!!!!
Traitor
It's scaring me for how much appreciation I've had for you the past 6 months.. where was this in 2008?!
I voted for you John, but now yiu must retire.  You stuck us with this ObamaCare
If someone is a whistleblow or leaker, Then person can't be trusted & Has no problem being a Traitor to their Country. McCain loves that
Trump has veterans and prisoners of war. He's pissing on an American flag and his fans are so stupid they're cheering him on 
Hates*^
Thank you POTUS for finally making a decisive move to improve the VA! It took decades n finally we have a true leader who genuinely cares...
sad because Trump will not be around to much longer
GOD HAS PROT YOU MANY TIMES ,!GOD HAS SAVED YOUR LIFE! DO YOU KNOW WHY? YOU SIR :HAVE GOD'S PURPOSE; YOU HAVE PROVED IT; GOD WILL NOT ABAND

Mr McCain I thought I didn't like u at one time you a stand up guy! Cool
Because we are stuck with premiums the size of house payments, we can't buy a house. Thanks, traitor Johnny.
@SenJohnMcCain  IMO Our vets should want for nothing...I happily pay taxes knowing some (not enough) goes to the VA..
Old fool mccain,  don't you have bigger fish to fry?  Go help your party and your president. He is your president like it or not. He won.
SENATOR I COULD NOT GO TO CHURCH SUNDAY DID NOT HAVE MY CAR !TOMORROW I HAVE OFF ;I WILL GO AND PRAY ;FOR GOD TO HEAL YOU SIR!
That was an honorable thing to do Mr. President, @realDonaldTrump
Friends of yours ?
"by Tyler Durden." And here I thought I'd seen it all, stay edgy and niche, awful extremist rag
So your saying its untrue ? Pretty sad you defend the scum that did this and the filth that enabled them.
You didn't do shit. Somebody has to. Obamacare for you.
https://t.co/JForMrRxFo?amp=1
Can you become a Democrat? 
We need you..
Why, so you can add to the number of hypocrites in that party?
You deserve Obamacare. Traitor!
I can't find the roll eye emoji. This is getting pathetic.
well then we need to fire his ass too then
Good luck to him. One man's whistleblower is another man's leaker.
YES! Please save our country.
Congress should be on Obamacare.
That should be the requirement before funding ACA a minute longer.
Put OUR money where your mouth is.
You owe we people for killing the healthcare bill Sen McCain shame on you.
Yeah what a traitor for not siding with idiots and the already wealthy to help 15 million people keep health insurance next year.
Shoo fly troll Bot.
THANK YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR US! You are a hero. Thank u! I don't know what else to say but I feel inept it I don't try.  Like a boss!
Good luck! Watch your back! 
Reported for threatening a congressperson. Sleep well, Flo. @FBI
