6 he'll "burn ALL SK CONSERVATIVES alive." He constantly threatens them w/ investigation and
Do you feel bad about sticking your constituents with Obamacare after all the lies?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are the perpetrators of crises- nothing good can be expected from your kind so shut up!
McCain . Don't stand with Bengali  terrorist ARSA.  Innocent Rakhine and Hindu people were killed by your Rohingyas Terrorists.
Moon regime is a police state using judicial branch to assert authoritarian power and control for suppression of opposition
Got alot of democrats as fans now. Good job RINO.
ARSA extremist Bengali terrorists detonate mines near mosque in Meechaungzay, Buthidaung Township, Myanmar 

https://www.facebook.com/100016853433429/videos/167779033793877/ …
I thought you said the prognosis was poor. That depends on your point of view
Go away, has been!!
And am not an American by the way
3 rights abuses committed by sinister Moon to a 65 year-old previous female pres is appalling, horrifying, deeply sad, and troubling.
2 release political prisoner Park Geun-hye (previous pres of SK) asap! The flagrant human
#Support_Kurdistan
#ادعموا_كُردستان
Need your help to pressure Trump & WH to immediately dispatch more troops & help to PR, that is in desperate need 9 days after! Thank you!
Take a hike John
He was 15 @end of WWII,- watching dad rescue Jews in ‘44, was best year of his life. Get it straight.
Want to do something great ? Gather you and all of your cronies and work on getting some term limits on the books to end career politicians
Thank you for being one of the few politicians speaking up on behalf of the Rohingya. We must protect the most vulnerable among us.
I still don't understand how you don't get it! If a community can't coexist with peaceful budhists they can't coexist anywhere with anyone!
5 dictator. He condemns anyone who doesn't support him as "a deep- rooted evil" and says
1 As a beacon of democracy around the world, I urge the US Congress and Trump admin investigate and help
Remember when...
Russian.  No doubt
We love trump stop your BS
Well that's awesome but what about the healthcare crisis right here at home - really out of touch!
The problem is being solved. The muslims are being thrown out of the country. They seem to be a problem everywhere they they infest
Wishing you well John Mccain. Get up the Senate needs you. Go out there and do the  needful. Don't allow that moron to destroy your country
and political retaliation.
7 imprisonment. Moon, release political prisoner Park Geun-hye NOW! Stop human rights abuses and political retaliation!
4. Moon and his cabinets are puppets of Kim Jongun and China. Moon is a socialist
Americans need healthcare. Same as you have.
Because you have not defunded Planned Parenthood or healthcare consists of murdering babies
I voted for you but I'm disgusted that you won't help the American people get basic medical care
Your refusal to help pass an improvement over Obama care .you're preventing many people from getting necessary medical care
I would like to see you deal with no insurance for your health care with your brain tumor like you're making everyone else in this country
You are a poor excuse for a human being. You're so vindictive against trump that you are willing to hurt the American people
Sing for us "Song Bird"
Thank you Senator for continuing on ur standup for democracy!
Delete your account!!!
Go, senator. Light a fire under those timid folks you serve with.
Write a letter with em them... then vote with them.... a RINO
We see you! #bipartisan #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCounty
Thank you, Sen. McCain and Sen. Cardin!


Foreigners always come first for you don't they?  Remember the middle class you were elected to serve? Screw us, right?
If #Benczkowski heads JusticeDept the entire will judge USA to be dishonest+corrupt. For justice > VOTE NO
Where's your Health Care bill you Obstructionist S.O.B. We will cheer the day you finally Retire - Songbird #RetireMcCain #TermLimits #MAGA
Can't lift a finger to help Arizona though. Retire.
Unfit for service.
Please get off the airwaves, no one cares what you have to say.
Retire old man! You're dying. Spend your last days with your family and not trying to destroy Arizona and America.
@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @VP @SpeakerRyan  Please for the sake of our countrymen, rally behind tax reform as a united front. Republican's time.
For a man in his 80's and seriously  'sick'....you sure get around.  Weird
Why don't you work on the tax plan & repealing Obamacare ?  What donor or corporation are you representing instead of Arizona people ?
The 65th Infantry awarded with a Medal of Honor, 10 Distinguished Service Crosses, 256 Silver Stars and 595 Bronze Stars.
The North Star
The idea that you wrote a letter is not news. From a goldwater republican It's time to step aside gracefullly.
Why don’t you use a little of your own diplomatic influence and get on board with our President. Tax reform and healthcare. Get it done or get out of the way and let somebody else take the helm that will!
Will you stop. No credibility. Just no vote against the who people elected you.
Sir:Does Trump know what it is? If his SWAMP KLAN did not tell him to do it, he just waited.Also where were Trump´s plane, yacht,helicopter?
Thank you.
Thank you Senator.  We need to help as much as possible.
Can y'all stop this please
I urge the Arizona people to require you to release your medical records and to start process of recall if you won’t release ALL records
Here's one US government official who still remembers US is supposed to stand up for human rights
You're fighting the good fight Senator, well done!!
Thank you McCain looks like those people are hurting badly.
We really need you to retire. Please
All you seem to do is send letters, talk bs and vote down trumps agenda.
You appear to be a bitter old man
There is no such thing with this band of fools leading our country.
Trump is horrible the way he treats you you are a war hero you are a respectable man sorry for the sorrow you and your family going through
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
#Support_Kurdistan
get lost POTUS wannabe
Thank you Senator.
You have zero credibility with the administration or the public. Keep your letter. @POTUS doesn’t need your urging, he’ll do what’s best
you amaze me
lead, McCain, lead...
I appreciate your flurry of tweets telling us of your efforts to improve our nation. How about you... #RepealMcCainCare as promised! LIAR!
Get your head out of your ASS, JOHN. Obamacare can cure you!!!
Need diplomats for that
*SIGH*
What POTUS should have said and done. Thank you senator McCain for standing for the American way.
Retire senator you screwed us on health care I have a $6800 deductible I can't pay
What was your input on Fast & Furious?
Good thing you sent a letter... The Russians (or Pakastani IT help) probably hacked your email.
Thank you for all the senators who care
Stay home you are a waste of time.
 Will someone care? The Rohingya are brown, poor and Muslim, Trump's favorite target. There's no compassion in this admin. All greed.
Thank you Senator McCain. God bless you.
May you always be blessed, and your family. Love to you, John! Beat this beast.
glad you never became or will become president. you sir are an egomaniacal narcissist.
True American leader right here 
You are a true American hero. Sending prayers to you
Mr. McCain, are you having fun writing all these letters? Do America a favor and stop your hatred of POTUS.
SHUT UP, NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ANYTHING...YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT...A SNAKE...A RAT...A TRAITOR
We have no moral authority, you must impeach if you would like America to be a force for good in the world.
http://bit.ly/2fTMKvB 
I love you, John McCain. You have strength and integrity. Sending you the power of healing. 
I'm not the praying type, but if I were, I'd send up a boatload for your health. Because we need leaders like you, @SenJohnMcCain.
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Senator look into this please

If McCain wants it, it is not good for the USA
You're a little man with no heart! Hope you are getting along with your neighbors
Hey coward here is a pic of real hero's you are a waste of oxygen lil song bird
When it MATTERED...YOU betrayed us!
Retire Mcstain
There was no UN 150 years ago when Britain consolidated individual states, into Burma & India. 
Resolve it by splitting Burma back in TWO
This is what power and integrity should look like.
Thank you Sen McCain for doing what's right! Uncommon in this Administration!God Bless
 Thank you sir!
McCain, you are a traitor! You let down your people for the sake of politics. Time for u to go!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & condemned any form of violence,& abuse of human rights violation,end of violence..
What a beautiful bipartisan showing of real American heart. The day we stop caring about others is the day we lose ourselves. Thank you.
You are a great man, senator McCain. Thank you for thinking of the people who don't have a voice.
that is what the UN is for Senator,       the protesters here should take two knees and thank God they live here,since they are so oppressed
 that's the war hero I've missed
Not my hero. Please resign.
SenMcCain example Y Term Limits R corrosive attack on Voter rights.Elder Statesmen often only 1's 2 SAVE Nation from harm @nytimes @cptime
Hey @SenJohnMcCain, can you give me some of the millions, or billions, out of your scam of a foundation so I can be like you?
Shame you don't care about health care, taxes, hurricane relief. Your globalist attitude is beyond any redemption. RETIRE Brutus
We are lucky to have you in the Senate.
Is there diplomatic influence with 1/3 of the state department on the chopping block?
Maybe you can keep your pen in hand and actually do some more work and sign legislation.  KATE'S LAW, TAX REFORM, HEALTHCARE???
Thank you!
Thank you. You will always be a true hero.
How about you resolve the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam issue?
So no healthcare? No tax cuts? But the president is supposed to support your communist pet projects? No chance Hanoi John! 
Sent letter to @POTUS to please go ahead and whatever he gets from you to treated as garbage.
Do we have any diplomats in that part of the world? 

Wrong face dirt bag.... that would be Trump!
John, urge and demand resolutions for Arizona healthcare. Help your own state first!!!!!!!!!
You took $$ from Clinton to undermine Trump in the election! Traitor!! http://openinginfo.com/wikileaks-6-republicans-took-bribes-clinton/ …
I am with you on this you are the one we must follow
Much love to you sir! God bless! 
thank you.
Thank you Senator, for standing up to your party, in what appears to be your final act of true patriotism.
Way to stay busy dude.  #termlimits
Why only diplomatic influence? This is a genocide. We should use every means at our disposal to stop it.
Yes everyone one should help in some way.People with deep pockets bashing our President should spend that x seeing what they can do to help.
How can we help? I feel quite helpless on this one.
Donations!
To which organization?
Thanks.  Also, very serious about China and AZ mines.
If Obamacare were hurting Bangledesh you would have voted to end it.
Admin can't even handle PR.

Hurricane disaster... PR needs TRUCK DRIVERS, supplies waiting at ports.
They're working on it.  You can't just snap your fingers and say "presto". It's a monumental task which will be ongoing.
Can you RT this? If you can't donate $$ to Puerto Rico, donate blood, bandages, water, food. The people need ALL of those things!
Thank you again, sir, for putting pressure on the admin to do what is right.
Aren't there other humanitarian crises in the world equally or more deserving of his atttention?
British Colonialism created this problem.  Why aren't they leading the "fix"?
The clock is ticking on health care options for 2018. What did you do today to help?
this administration does not care about their plight, they are brown skinned and on the other side of the planet.
Hello
Repeal, keep your word
Whats your take on pistol packing Roy Moore?
As a Republican stalwart, my guess is that Cardin doesn't like him much.
Sorry. I meant McCain. Oy.
Все о народе думаете? А здоровье Ваше как?
Shut up!
also #TermLimits bro
There isn't much of a state department to do that job. There may not even be an ambassador.
