First of all, I'm wishing you the best in fight with cancer.
The #democracy  in Poland is doing well. Don't repeat #FakeNews after MSNBC.
Yes, the democracy in Poland is getting better - especially since the protests against the judiciary reform were started!
In free society, idiots have the right to protest too.
Well, so Mr President Duda finally listened to the idiots (as you put it).
I thought there are in US judges appointments from general voting and Supreme Court appointments by @POTUS
So more democracy is "step back"?
@SenJohnMcCain 
This pic is of our friends in Poland fighting in 150 cities for days for democracy
Please all RT to show we support them
This is less than 0,05 % of Poles... some brainwashed idiots. Millions of Poles support the government!
Nope. 
I've seen the pics & the news.
Oh, were did you see the news? In fake news-tv? Here are the studies of social opinion between young Poles - left wing 3,5% in total..
Please, did you just write that PO and Nowoczesna are left wing? You made me laugh, you :)
Oh, thanks God for such opposition 
What I meant to say is PO and .N are not and never have been left wing, maybe centre but not left wing.
Isn't this what our President is dreaming of?
McCain you are a step back for democracy. You don't represent the people of this state you represent the govt. resign
We are heading that way. It happens in steps and we are on our way to politics like Putin. Reagan would turn over in his grave.
Polish gvnmt after 25+yr of corruption/nepotism takes back country.
.
It's as if after xxyrs of Trump gvnmt ppl got country back.

DIFFICULT
Hard to understand for American ppl raised in democracy:

After 50yrs of RU occupation after WWII #Poland had 25yrs of postcomm. corruption.
Because, most of the communists didn't went to jail.
Exactly. communist in PL in 1990 DEMANDED and were forgiven. They quickly privatized/took over national companies and introduced their Republic of Postcomm Cronies.
1992 in PL former secret services performed coup d'etat on PL gvnmt planning to make public list of communist secret informers currently in gvnmt. and public posts. Since then they held power with short breakes until 2015, mostly using secret pre-1990 files as blackmail.
.
Their last bastion is Judiciary system, corrupt and ineffective, they cry for help from EU as in the last 15 yrs a lot of them made their way into EU bodies.
.
Situation in PL now is as if Americans elected new president and tried to take back the country from #TrumpCrimeFamily.
#Poland #Hungary #Turkey have more in common with Putin's #Russia every day. This is the fate of #democracy in the age of #Trump THANKS #GOP
You couldn't be more wrong. Prev gov sent armed police against protesters, now ppl can protest in peace. Now it's time to fix the judiciary.
Terrorism in Europe This is democracy in Europe?! England Sweden France Germany España Brussels ...but not in Poland!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain 
This is a pic of our friends in Poland fighting for democracy
Pls all RT to support them
Democracy is worth fighting for
Bullshit Ha ha ha ha ha I'm from Poland
And you can speak your opinion bc of democracy
A dictatorship will not allow that
I support the Polish people fighting for a free country
Our democracy..still in good shape.
WYD2016 JMJ2016
Filmowy skrót wydarzeń ŚDM / Film summary of the …:
We must stop dictators from emerging, hiding behind FakeDemocracy..Turkey, Russia etc. This is what Trump wants for America as well. HELP US
Thank you Sen Mccain you had always been friend of Poland .
You are completely wrong, Mr. McCain. You don't understand Poland, you support the enemies of Poland, not Polish Nation.
Someone mislead you. The courts have not been reformed since communism. There are also judges of those times.
This is not true, Polish Supreme Court was reformed in 1990.
Virtual change/reform. Then there are the judges there who condemned the opposition in communism.
Any names, please?

Get Well Sen. McCain Then Please Hurry Back Sen. McCain "We The People" Stand in Need of Your Experienced As A True American Patriot.
Again tens of thousands of people in #CandlelightRevolution, figthing for #PolandDefendsDemocracy. We will not give up democracy!
Did you drink something? Take a nap.
There's really nothing wrong with the democracy in Poland, could you please stop sowing unrest? ;) 
You all guys like spreading fake news with the #fakenews tags, don't you? 
The total opposition in Poland disseminates these fake news also abroad, in order to destroy the image of the Polish government.
No, Mr.McCain, this is the sound of last bastion of communism falling. All those candles should be lit for victims of old court system.
@SenJohnMcCain 
This pic is of our friends in Poland fighting for democracy
150 cities for days
Pls all RT to support them
@Michalch1987
Sir, your information source must be part of Polish opposition. The decision made by Poland's Senat is one big step forward for PL democracy
:-(
Protests in #Poland are NOT spontaneous ! Who pay for that organized misinformation to stop democratic changes?!
Just like in many countries... Why is it bad in Poland, but in Germany isn't?
STOP #astroturfing #StopNGOSoros #StopAstroTurfing In Poland is demokracy.70%people in Poland supports the judical reform!!!!!
Meduza, please stop this comercial trolling ( 25 cents per post?).....
one step forward to russian style democracy!welcome people!
Polish woman protestor clinging to a White Rose... history must not repeat
This is fake news! #AstroTurfing
There's really nothing wrong with the democracy in Poland, could you please stop sowing unrest? ;)
In no country I know of is the judicial branch completely controlled by the other two powers. Not in Germany, the UK, the US. 
I would even go as far and say, that no democracy exist, without a truly INDEPENDENT judiciary. The judicial branch must have the final word
Could you please explain how exactly judges are appointed in Germany? ;)
Off course he can't...  This would require a little bit thinking. he can only repeat what he  heard in tv.
Judges are appointed by an independent administration based on score on the governmental exams.
It's a little bit different with constitutional court judges. They are appointed by a mixture of executive officials of the states and the
Federal goverment. BUT they can't be dismissed. I'm a German law student by the way.
#fakenews
Thank you for extremely meritorious and well-documented response...
Wiesz dobrze, że to bzdury.
Niestety nie chodziło o wpis Senatora.
Thank you for your support today President rejected 2 out of 3 unconstitutional laws. Good day for polish Democracy
Bad news! This is why Trump likes Poland so much! We must fight against this!
Is that what POTUS is planning for America? Please stop him Senator McCain.I'm a 4th gen Tucsonian.My great grandmother was Native American.
It is just not true_ Now the Judiciary in Poland will be similar to Germany,Holland,Austria.. Before the judges were appointing themselves !
Maybe you should be concerned about the attacks on democracy in THIS country, Senator.
Of course you read translation of this Law, otherwise you wouldn't have any idea about it's content, senator?
And you do know that many judges in Poland worked for communist regime trying to destroy Solidarnosc? Do you realize you defend such people?
Here you are same honest information  : http://poloniagp.com/the-long-overdue-changes-in-polish-judiciary,19.html … …
KACZYŃSKI = HITLER
@SenJohnMcCain 
This pic is of our friends in Poland fighting for democracy
150 cities for days. Please RT to support them
@Michalch1987
To zdychający komunizm wyszedł na ulice
Don't listen the misinformation about #Poland!_PIS gov is doing a good democratic job but those who lost power and influences do protests !
We had soviet system in the courts. Now gov wants to bring us closer to the West. Not the other way around.
Not to the West, but back to Belarussian system - judges 100% dependent upon politicians.
You are a liar sponsored by Soros. You just want to overthrow the PL gov so you can open borders for muslims.
Wow, good news! Have to check my bank account balance 
Your account balance is zero. Useful idiots always work for free
Polish hearts are with you, Senator!
I don't think so. My heart is with my family 
That's wonderful! Sincerely, all the best for you and your family! Senator, many of us, Poles I grateful for your friendship for years!!! 
Any many are sad that you spread fake news & act against curing polish judicial system from the post-communist mafia that currently owns it.
So the protestors are also the post-communist mafia supporters?
A lot of them think that introducing a law similar to other EU countries like GER, HOL, SPA, SWE is the end of democracy. Propaganda at work
Why then judges from GER express their concern? What about international scholars from Venice Commission?
Cause they base their opinions on distorted/fake info from PL side? PL judges trying to keep their unlimited power & from total opposition?
Senator, I will be happy to meet and discuss this issue whenever you are available. All this is much more complicated.
With all due respect, sir, it is Mr Senator who would have to explain the issue to you, not the other way around.
Nieuku i najprawdopodobniej agencie ukraiński lub innym pronazi! Do sprawdzenia w trybie pilnym!
Nonsense. Polish media mostly are in German or postcomunists hands so U can see what U see. Most infos about courts are fake to make a mess.
Nope, most of PL media were seized by the govt, and then a speciall bill for re-nationalisation of the remaining media is in preparation!
Artur Jedrusa. What a shame. 2 fake news in 1 tweet.
Hmm little Johnny seems you are total liar. BTW Still busy selling U.S. soldiers to the #Germans?
Bad bad bad
US senator meddling in polish politics, one huge step back for #democracy
Please help us. Stop PiS
Fake news mr. Senator. Now will be democracy. Poland waited for that 27 years..
Judges in Poland are very biased and unilateral, all come from the previous regime. Very good step.
Are you going to save our Democracy or stand with @GOP traitors? Do U have decency towards others with disease? Going to vote for deathcare?
Stop racism in USA.
https://twitter.com/nazimno_/status/889032874736922624 …
Then why didn't Senate approve the dozens federal judgeships Obama nominated? Maybe to wait for judges more to their liking? Potayto/Potahto
Don't give Mitch any ideas
This is crazy backward
Finally people opened their eyes and choose right
Thank you for your support, Senator!
It's so sad to read that you belive in this liberal/leftie propaganda. Check your sources!
SENT OFF TO A FOREING LAND TO GO AND KILL A YELLOW MAN .
ARIZONA IS LIKE BELARUS WHERE DEATH PENALTY IS ALIVE &KICKING 
Beginning of Polish democracy: 
Walesa, Michnik and communistic general Kiszczak, who is responsible for killing at least 9 people in 1981.
And we ate one step closer to the same with #45
One step's nothing compared to the Brazilian giant leap back (or fall).
Wow! Hundreds of thousands KGB's agents were demasked! KGB game over! Yeah! Great! :D
Remember that ca 40% People in Poland still support the Law and Justice Party. They demand to end communist era in our courts.
In USA the POTUS nominates judges to the Supreme Court. In Poland will be similiar. Is it wrong?
Not from what I've read. It was voted on by the ppl. Don't be hysterical.
Trump is clapping his tiny hands in joy.  the more authoritarian the better for him.
Kids for #RuleofLaw in Poland fot. Przemek Piwowar
Proud we are 

Please send more pic & videos the thread @BeauWillimon 
Where I posted your pic
He has a true audience to get your message out
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DFaRfJHXUAAOycB.jpg …
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DFW1Y1wW0AEZ-mq.jpg …

John! You are mistaken! BND, FSB and Soros cheat You with #FakeNews about situation in Poland.
John! Don't bullshit like Soros. 28 years after 1989 POLAND will have SIMILAR judiciary system as Germany, Netherlands, Denmark, Belgium...
A step back????    It Soros wasn't trying to destroy everything we wouldn't be in this mess
Kind of like our COMPROMISED LIAR IN CHIEF's @realDonaldTrump attempt to silence the free press and influence and strong arm OUR JUDICIARY!
Trump is trying 2 turn US into Poland with Putin's help.
Thx for being with us. We need a lot of support now from all the world. Best greetings from far Poland.
Sorry 2 say Senator but dats da way da administration seems 2 be going too. Regardless get well soon sir we need ur sage council in DC
JM Get Well!Shocking how easy it is to tear DEMOCRACY down when good ppl stand by & do nothing. We are witnessing this here in the U.S.
So, bearing this in mind, I humbly ask you to consider if Poland is moving towards democracy, in true Montesquieu spirit, or stepping back?
Judges in most UE countries are at least partly elected by parliaments.In the US partly by people.In Poland none of the above was true.
#AstroTurfing 
Read this # please!
Sir you're mistaken! So sad! You've made this fault already for one year. I'm sure you have sam bead person as fake-advisor around you
Democracy in Poland is doing very well and our government try to give back our country to the nation and put Polish nation on the 1. place
Thank you & God bless you Mr. Senator 
Thank You Senator for Your Voice. Its very important for ordinery Polish People
So why did that fool Trump fly over to Poland and give tyranny his seal of approval?
I only wish to remind you that until the recent law was passed, there hadn't been any parliamentary control over the judiciary in Poland.
No it doesn't. Read the bill, John!
I can see you are really sick!! Our government is working for US Polish people not for you or merkel! We want those changes!
Mr. McCain - back off from Poland! This is our country and we will make our own decisions. Better focus on your own matters.
New law is similar to rules present in many other European countries.70% of Poles wants Judicary to change.Protest are mostly #AstroTurfing
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/support-polish-government-reforming-dysfunctional-judiciary-system …
via  @PolskaLiderem
You are as usual in error. Do you do work for Soros?
80% of Poles support reform, against communists
Thank you, Senator! But I am afraid they don't listen. Even you :(
More than 70%people in Poland supports the judical reform. Democracy in Polnad starts about A.D 1510 How old is US ?
They are organising riots together with NGOs financed by Mr Soros. Are they real democrats? A rhetorical question. God Bless America,Poland
Being aware of that opposition is not even considering earlier elections. Instead of this legal and democratic instrument
Mr. McCain Sir, thank you for your concern but don't let them mislead you about #Poland for the second time.
The putrid farce that is @realDonaldTrump's @WhiteHouse is far worse... and you and your @GOP enable it...
People who demonstrainte are menaged  by  PO -political party
 -- which since 2015 .  PO   lost elections in 2015 .
Could you finally declared whether you're pro Russian or for freedom and democracy. Not really good playing on both sides as US official...
vast majority of citizens welcomed that reform, and popularity of ruling party has increased, according to many fresh polls
Thousands of people forming 'VETO' in @CityOfPoznan
You dont have idea -what You are writing about. Please dont write,bad about my country Poland
You are doing the same in the US, is your #democracy  wrong?
this system was completely out if citizen control and was NEVER DECOMUNISED
Is not perfect although creates first time from 1939 any democratic mechanism to control judicial system. Until 22nd of July
This pics are showing ca30 ths people who can not accept that they lost last parliamentary election. Current reform of judiciary system
Poland's Senate is fighting for our independence, against postcommies, Putin and Soros world! Its all.
#wieszwiecej fake news? ha ha:)
I guess you never dealt with Polish Courts, You are completely wrong @SenJohnMcCain
Many of the same demonstraters were bused from one demonstrations to another. Total number 19k. Dishonest #Soros media says it was milions.
Dear Mr. Senator, I have a massive respect for you, but please first check the regulations or ask authors opinion too before you criticise
You are spreading fake news. The new law is no different to laws already in place in GER, SPA, SWE, HOL and even USA. Stop spreading lies.
#FakeNews I'm sad that @GOP senator spread false accusations against Polish government. I'll remember that in next elections
Also, would NOT be surprised if the "Poles" here complaining about the protests are paid Russian trolls.Putin wants Polish democracy to fail
ppl saying this is "fake news" are just as bad as idiotic Trump. Demcracy is under threat.I stand w/my fellow Poles #PolandDefendsDemocracy
Mr. Senator please don't buy into this. Polish judiciary system desperately needs reforms and the new law is similar to western democracies.

You are the senator of the United States, not a kebab salesman and this means more is expected from you.
Legitimate knowledge about Poland I advise taking directly from people and not leftist media.
Thank YOU for Your support, Poland dies now.
Pan McCain też nie czytał projektu ustawy. #reformasadownictwa to trzy kroki do przodu dla demokracji.
Trzy kroki w przepaść.
Dla sędziego Łączewskiego na pewno. Zresztą dla całej kasty (nie mówię o wszystkich sędziach) to tragedia 
And Demonstration Leaders at this Time  #AstroTurfing #Soros #HybridWar
You are wrong this is a significant step forward.
To komuniści i złodzieje.
GFY from Poland.We remember your support for neonazi in Kiev and your romance with ISIS 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93eyhO8VTdg …
The invasion of Iraq was very democratic, right?
Don't lie, you don't have to. You listen to only one side of the dispute. Most Poles support the reform
Polish PM @BeataSzydlo: We want to introduce democratic scrutiny over the judicial community https://poland.pl/politics/home/polish-pm-we-want-introduce-democratic-scrutiny-over-judicial-co/ … 
This is not true, govt party support fell just now below 32%, and not all of them support present judiciary reform.
protesters represents 0,01%
Blah, blah, blah. Poland's population is 38.5mln, 0.01% gives 3850 people. Protest exceeded 100,000 and still growing. Basic math problems?
Do you really belive in Soros propaganda? Face palm
Totally opposite!  Big step to regain democracy.
You Sir are a legend. Thank You. #PolandResists
Poland is a joke. We get freedom and democracy. He builds an authoritarian state. Polish people !!
This is a Backward Step For Democracy in Poland.
What about law in USA. Who choose judges there? The president and the senate and the number of them is chosen by Congress. It's ok in USA?
Is true 100%
the irony: medical marijuana would help your condition. THE BEAUTIFUL, GORGEOUS IRONY. wasted life, shitty human. no grief to spare for you.
This is BS and you know it Senator.
yeah, Poland doesn't seem going in right direction lately... Disappointing and disturbing
protests ok 10-15K in ALL POLAND. Who is doing it? Ukrainian activists, who living in Poland. Protector -> Soros
Zespół analityczny Fundacji Otwarty Dialog. Oni chcą zrobić w Polsce Majdan.  #StopAstroTurfing #StopNGOSoros 
No wonder Trump likes them...Senator, please tell me there is a plan to eject this administration
vietnam dream last night?
Don't be mad at Poland because they are rejecting the EU plan to install a new culture. The world order belongs to us.
Judiciary in Poland looks different than in USA. If you want to make something better than is now, you have to allow changes first.
Such sad news.
That will be a disaster
Thanks Senator. Can't let it happen. Poland is the buffer between EU & Russia. "Nie ma politycznego zamachu stanu w Polsce!"
Dear Sen, pls inf all media about our Polish f2f fight 4 democracy. NW to stop. FYI 2moro will be 4x more ppl. TIA 4y support and gr8 trust
It also defacto fires at once all judges of Polish equivalent of the Supreme Court who do not toe the party line. It's a giant leap backward
One big Lie. It was orginized mafia running justice system in PL. New system will be similar to Germany, UK, and ewntyually US
Glad you are well enough to stand up for Polish democracy. Trump will soon force you to do the same thing here: hope you will.
This is horrible. We can not let this happen here
Hell of a lot better than what you and your globalist cronies have delivered
Senator, I know u r sick & I'm sorry. Ur country needs u to stand up to the traitor in the Oval Office. Please? He destroys us every day.
There will no longer be Poland as everyone knew and admired since the fall of communism 1989 - old slowly but consistently returns with PiS
They ignore us, the people and everybody else, even the US senate and the POTUS... Let's get them lost together 
Never trust them, they are the biggest catastrophe of our nation since 1989...
Dear John, help us, the current government is cheating us and the whole world.
Real democracy in Poland during Civic Platform activities 2007-2015
Boooooo!
Thank you for paying attention to this. Another reason you must beat that glio!
From what goes on the Hawaii and the 9th Court seems like a good idea
Democratic institutions are new to Poland. . .maybe it's time for a Popular Revolution?
Not our business. Stay out of it
Thank you, Sir.
WRONG AND INCORRECT SIR.
We need you to make sure it doesn't happen here!
You were conspicuously quiet last year when @SenateMajLdr refused to give Garland a vote to SCOTUS. Glasses houses & stones, sir.
fake news, Finally, we have a great goverment. Does not  allow postcommunists, mafia and criminals to rob our country
Why do you comment without knowing facts. Liberals, criminals and post communists want to regain power, but reject democracy. Kind regards
Your thinking is wrong
#fakenews
Proszę nie powielać kłamstw - Please do not reproduce lies  #3xTAK  #3xTakDlaPrezydenta
Thank you for your support for Poland. <3 Get well soon. .
Your President's favorite government...
MFA statement on the US State Department spokesperson's position regarding pending legislation in Poland
http://www.mfa.gov.pl/en/c/MOBILE/news/mfa_statement_on_the_us_state_department_spokesperson_s_position_regarding_pending_legislation_in_poland …
Why did you duplicate false information about Poland propagated by lying media? #AstroTurfing #fakenews
Because that information was true. Govt media in Poland censored most information about the protests.
You are 2 followers! You are a paid troll!
Yes, and extremely well paid ! 
The LAW works this way.. please read carefully articles 176.2 and 180.5 The Constitution of the Republic of Poland... you are misinformed
Supreme Court in Poland is corrupted this is system which was never change since Stalin
Thank you Senator for bringing information about our struggle to US citizens
Behind you on this one.
It's worth mentioning that our fearless leader was greatly enamored with the Polish government.
Polish People will win like in 1989
Dear Senator, either You didn't read new proposal of judiciary law and You spread #fakenews or You a big fan of postcomunist deal in Poland.
bullshit
Who is informing you ?!  Are you an amateur or hypocrite? Are you supporting communist burials?
Interesting. What about communist burials?
