https://arionstylist.wordpress.com/2017/08/15/moms-mission/ …
Your whole family is doing God's work. God bless you. 
Retire
Have followed Cindy's story for 4 years now since I saw her at a Fundraising Breakfast in Az.  Touched my heart (and pocketbook. :) ) 
What did she do little John make a citizens arrest or spew some more hot air you pols crack me up with your hearings  and phoney concerns
Gave military secrets to Viet Cong had to be pardoned how people forget
BRAVO! Well done!! God bless!
When are we gonna be proud of you helping the PEOPLE w our healthcare?? Dirty politics over what's best for people #DrainTheSwamp
Then stop the pipelines, and fracking . Oil production to sex trafficking well known
.@SenJohnMcCain Thanks to one man 320 million Americans keep their Medicaid and Medicare
Boy are we lucky one step closer to the government run clinics and bureaucratic death panels thanks little John for your wisdom
Yet you praise playboy and Hefner! Wow!
Traitor
Thank you Cindy for your hard work fighting against human trafficking. 
Thank you @cindymccain. I highly recommend watching "My name is Jane Doe" for those who are not aware of Cindy & John McCain's efforts.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe We're to the point that if a McCain says something they do the opposite
@cindymccain supports human trafficking
Thank you for sharing, and thank her too.
Is that how McCain became a citizen..he was brought here from Vietnam in a truck
Dead yet?
It is all about good press as far as the McCain family goes!! That is mainly what they care about - how things make them look!!!!  Sad...
A bunch of RINOs
That must've been an odd hearing.
Thank you Cindy, and proud of your service John McCain, I'm a Dem, but love the McCain's
Seriously its going on all over  how did she end it?
I doubt she ended it.
Wouldn't a wall help too?
You are a true Christian.god gave you a platform to handle this devilish issue.
God bless you Ms.cCain on battling the issue . This is a very big issue and human trafficking is inhumane and destroys lives mostly children
Thank you for all you do.
Well done Cindy
@realDonaldTrump thinks @MELANIATRUMP & @IvankaTrump have done more in 9mo than Cindy working on a non-issue.
YESUnlike the #Republicans in the #WhiteHouse. One big one, so they say. #model #rape #sexualexploitation #sex #trafficing #potus @potus

Does she lie too?
Sorry for all your physical ailments, but UR a LYING skunk, ruining MILLIONS of middle class lives. Go AWAY... yesterday...
Want to end human trafficking? Stop offering them welfare and jobs.
What's her view on 116% increase in health care cost, I know what your daughter said many many times on "out numbered" She was honest? Daddy
You better say nice thing she has all the MONEY, it's called, what's it called when the wife has all the money?The  liberalization of MCCAIN
We are too !
You must have read a book about Leadership! Read it again, you missed something.
Be well!!!
Mr. McCain, you make us all proud. One of the few honorable congressmen. Best wishes for a quick recovery
too many unattempted efforts
Yes!!!
Thank you for your service to America Mr. McCain! God bless you!!
Proud of the McCain's!
Very proud of you sir and your family for all of your service and sacrifice.
We love you John. God speed. America needs you 
End obamacare scumbag
The poeple that voted to you should all be deported to Germany. Shame
#wikileaks exposed human trafficking & pedophilia. Yet you and @HillaryClinton want #Assange eliminated.
Why?
Questions. If Senator McCain steps down due to illness would his wife be able to take over his seat...
Very kind and a lovely lady 
Thank you both for all you service to our country
She is an incredible woman and fellow servant, like you John God Bless you both
Enough...
Aren't there more important things she could be doing? I mean who is handling cyber bullying? @FLOTUS  #Sarcasm #ThanksCindy
Leadership? And exactly what office has she been elected to? Or is that leadership/pay from the McCain Institute or re-election committee?
Go Cindy! #EndHumanTrafficking
Thank you@cindymccain for speaking for those who can't speak for themselves. Gov Abbott has done wonderful work in TX fighting child sex tfk
She's a far better person than Trumps demon spawn
There's an "Indian Committee"?
U realize that is really gonna turn off @realDonaldTrump’s #peetape supply. He is going to be furious! B ready to get a #Covfefe of a tweet
Thank you both for your service.
She's done such a good job on this issue. Very proud of Cindy's commitment.

Maddening. 
3,000 shipping containers packed with food water & medicene have been sitting at the port in Puerto Rico since Saturday 
#RecallMcCain aka songbird
How are you feeling. Also I agree with you in health care thank you
No.
