Wanna be sure he isnt helping Russia? No Tillerson.
Right! A Russian under every bed! They made Hillary lose- made her a coughing Zombie!
Why should he lift sanctions comrade?
Did I say that? Suddenly lefties want war w Russia after apologizing for them for 75 yrs.
When did I say I wanted war? If you'd (can u?) implement critical thinking you'd get it.
PS both parties & most of the world are against this, not just lefties. Hope I helped.
Hope I helped. Hey I don't like your demeanor. One more snark you're blocked.
shouldn't pick battles when you aren't up to the task.
#Russia is not our friend, responsible Americans agree. We r counting on u & to protect #NATO.
Imploring the help of a NEOCON will put blood on your hands too.
@SenRichardBlack went to #Syria before any https://youtu.be/3ivZKHE-STk 
reality is GOP has majority so GOP Sens who have the guts 2 stand up 2 Trump need 2
You don't know what you're talking about. Go watch the video and educate yourself.
Start at 9:50. McCain is insane and it's all for their oil.
#1 Trump supporter. Kind of says it all.
Maybe you could stick to arguing the point instead of throwing insults
She can't. She doesn't know anything about it. Clueless sheep.
Yes, and how about congressional hearing on russian hacking/inference too?
http://thehill.com/policy/technology/310812-dhs-responds-to-hacking-accusations-from-georgia …
What does Russia have on you? Why is Russia hotter button for you than Korea? Iran? Very suspicious.
@ybbkaren  @politico Russia has a picture of his small penis.
Classy.

the people to McConnell: YOU'RE NEXT.
Knock it off, McCain. Everyone is onto you.
@SenRichardBlack went to #Syria before any https://youtu.be/3ivZKHE-STk 
For once I agree with you -- but will DJT listen? Do you have any control? Do you even have access?
not a popularity contest we don't care if we r not prom king but the potus does
Can they even control him? Not one peep about the travel ban.
Its time you are either on our side(President Trump) or you are on Soros's side (Democrats)makeyrchoi
McConnell needs to stop giving order to our President. Who does he think he is?
What will you or McConnell do when he does? As you know he will.  What can anyone do?
such a horrible mistake will even exceed failed indecisive Obama policies towards Murderer Putin
Obama was tougher on Putin than any recent president. Sanctions were unprecedented.
So now that he's eased sanctions... what are you going to do about it? Let me guess...
@LindseyGrahamSC American people want investigations re: Trumps ties to Russia
@POTUS stop bullying Russia. We know the hacking in election was a cover up for the WikiLeaks.
Don't Forget 23 Americans were killed by Russian Military when flight MH17 was shot down over Ukraine
We need Russia as a friend of US -Stop creating wars- Rusia and US can be united to kill IS
what's wrong??? Ukraine, the Crimea ... 10,000 killed
It's different. "Qaddafi" is not a reason for the occupation
Your problem is you think that you won the presidency, You lost. get over it, Trump is president.
If you Neo cons, and War mongering Jews start a war with Russia, Patriots will kill you. #YEYEEGF
Sanctions important as are weapons to Ukraine. #putinatwar gas eyewitness info.
I hope Republicans will stand up for the country and stop Donald Trump! He is a danger to our democracy!
You guys just don't get it, do you? You are playing WAY out of your league and your turn is coming.
Please, republicans, stick up for the voice of reason, for the consitution, bill of rights, etc.
I'lll bet you $100 million that will be the 1st thing they do. That's what Tillerson's goal is.
why not talk to the President directly vs. going public - despicable
so divisive please just get out of the way
Why no sanctions against China, Islands, aggression, hacking, disrespecting Obama...why only Russia?
Why are the GOP so scared of Trump if they sit by we will be like Russia. God help us!!
Mitch acting like he has a set is funny. All you guys care about is staying in office. Makes sick
That's A Weak Attempt But Trump And PUTIN Have Plans For Enormous Wealth Already.
You favor the globalist, not America. It is becoming clear that you are part of the problem.
"Do not lift sanctions on Russia or I'll slather my saliva filled turkey neck all over you"
Moe (AZ) Larry (KY) and Curly (SC)... with that lineup, our enemies our self torturing with laughter.
U know Trump conspired with Russia during the election & Bannon is calling the shots Expose this #PuppetPresident we need u!
Rex Tillerson really wants to help @KremlinRussia_E.

Also, ask @realDonaldTrump about #Rosneft19

@SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @politico
We don't give a shit what you and that lazy turd have to say. #DrainTheSwamp
if Trump lifts sanctions that will confirm further the collusion & ties that need ind investigation
STFU TURTLE MAN
McConell is as bad as U. Both Dem. pendents against our GREAT POTUS !!!
You both should stop obstructing POTUS and get on-board with conservative constituents.
Americans love Russia, get over it.
War mongrel to the end. President is Trump. We did not elect you. Try doing job of Senator 4 a chng.
POTUS (aka  Bannon) is not a power unto himself. Senators McCain, Graham, McConnell, PM May say keep
Thank you honorable Senator John McCaine
Thank-you. Do you know Putin wants Alaska back (said publically)? Pls approve Arctic defense.
Keep #RussianSanctions and continue to press for more information on #RussianInterference in our elections .
you'd better form some sort of GOP Voltron or something & stop trump's biased & bigoted foreign policy smh
yes. Keep sanctions  thanks for speaking out
You are INSANE when it comes to Russia. Give it up already. So ashamed you represent AZ!
NO ONE LISTENS TO YOUR CRAZY ASS!
He's right you do want WW3
So you're willing to jeopardize our safety for terrorists but not Russia who's also fighting terror?
The only time McDonnell made sense in 9 years. He must get a grip!
I can't believe he is actually standing up for something...at least for now.
Putins approval is fantastic, he got away with influencing American election. He is playing our POTUS
these sanctions are destroying America. Republicans and democrats must speak out. People are afraid
speak out against the Muslim ban. Are u allowing djt to hijack the GOP. He is Putin's puppet. Wake up
How far do republicans intend on devolving the political discourse? We now debate Russia sanctions?
We are depending on y'all to keep this administration in check,regardless of party affiliation.
RINOs!  https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/825674954838593542 …
Yes, this is a good statement from the majority leader. Stand strong on this.
why not lift and talk  with Russia,  after all   the USA  rings it with  bases..
so how did that phone call go with Putin yesterday, complete silence or just following orders?
good get this #moron on track.
Good - we must be consistent with EU
God has done great things in Russia the last 30 years.  Are you trying to punish God or Christians?
About time. How about the NSA? Republican leadership MUST resist.
will the Presudent listen?
McConnell will keep using Trump until he gets what he wants...
Sir-respect you greatly but your actions of last month look desperate. Pls help w sensible solutions not voice of opp. LG too
Trump's alignment with Russia will be the biggest threat to Democracy & freedom. #resist this tyrant
God's plan will hold true so get on board, Sir!
Proof you are a servant of the military industrial complex.  Republicans and democrats are now one party
I HOPE you stand with HIM.
Silence? Now!
... Bannon leading NSC??  Joint Chiefs optional??  4th Reich??
Do the right thing, Jefferson said, “all tyranny needs to gain a foot hold is for people of good conscience to remain silent.”@SenJohnMcCain
when will any of the GOP stand up for what is right!? #NoBanNoWall
" keep your friends close & your enemies closer" A good relationship with Russia  benefits USA/world
@ShaktiOmPrana @SenateMajLdr @politico like trump is going to listen. Invoke 25th amend now.
Please keep attention on Russia and it's interference in our election.Trump is all about partnering with Russia so he can get rich off oil.
Any halfway intelligent human in free world has known for over a year it's going to happen. Go EXXON!
why did you approve US arms to ISIS in Syria? War crime!
so what about Steve Bannon - Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that’s my goal, too.  #vote2018
Now it is up to you two to stand up to that BS.  Ray Charles can see it coming.  Rally the senate!
It reads like a book: Rexxon donates, Russia meddles, logical next step sanctions lift and all are paid back.
@SpeakerRyan @CoryBooker Bannon must NOT be allowed on the NSC. Please stop this fascist regime.
Please take action to STOP the President creating chaos. STOP Bannon
Senator: The GOP IS Trump. Don't separate the two.  GOP "superpatriots" destroyed the USA in 7 days.
All it means is that lifting Russian sanctions will be his next move..are you watching the airports?
We will always remember your silence today.  Always!

#MuslimBanProtest
If he doesn't Flip flop like he did in POTUS' immigration ban.
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr Please, gentlemen.  Show up for us.  This is no who we are.  Please stop @potus from destroying who we are.
You rhinos always knows everything!!! I think
so if ya say ya want to destroy the state ya get added to the National Security Council http://thebea.st/2b8LxSf 
why is Breitbart publisher making American immigration policy & got named to the National Security Council ?
Yes! You are keeping the executive in check. I hope we can hang on to fiscal responsibility too
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being a brave@voice of reason! @SenateMajLdr @politico
I'd consider lifting sanctions as evidence of treason. Hold him accountable to American interests!
What are you going to do about Bannon & Trump's mental condition? @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr  @politico @LindseyGrahamSC
where are you on the #Muslimban ? This cannot be what you fought for. We need you now more than ever
Why aren't you standing up to the President and his Executive Orders, our democracy is at stake!
you have to bring Trump experiment to an end before the US is ruined. He's insane!!
Mitch the devil
That's great McConnell is finally standing up for US instead of the billionaires. And thank you for your letter about Trump and Russia.
Thank you for your service. Please save America from the madman. ..._ _ _...
Please you are the only leader with integrity left.  Please ensure we protect our standing as the America we love.
it is time to lift immigration sanction on our own companies that need the best talent in the world.
we need sanity.
@Melacook0515 @SenateMajLdr @politico As if Trump will listen. PLEASE. The gates of hell have opened.
Russian didn't behead anyone, it Muslims!
great, now do something about today's idiocy. Do your jobs.
Yeah, that and fix this damn #MuslimBan. Grow some spines and prove you support the Constitution & humanity.
With all due respect Senators, you have the power to do something about this - block @POTUS
now is the time to get rid of trump. Sleeper cells In US are more dangerous
your not the president but apparently your up to no good. Hope you get found out! Illegal activity!
@politicoYOU ARE NOT THE BOSS AND CAN BE VOTED OUT!President Trump will do it HIS WAY because U2 HAVEN'T done
And where's your comment on your racist party leader @realDonaldTrump and his ban on Muslims that is hurting Americans?
As a European I am seriously worried Trump goes into full Ribbentrop-Molotov mode w/ Putin!
what is going on in our country? U people up there have deserted Americans!
I understand Bannon is a vet,my late husband was in101st infantry,true GOP,I am asking 4him as well
@politicoBannon is a disturbed hatefull man,who wants 2turn this country upside down&you helping him,he is sick
Take Trump down,or convince him 2get rid of Bannon& Flynn.Trump is sick,he is going 2get worse
Many of us in the country know you to be an angry bitter old man. I wish AZ would have voted Ward!
All of a sudden you are a tough senator after years of giving in to Obama. Drain the swamp
Your wrong Mitch!! Your NOT PRESIDENT! SHUT UP!!
Threatening over something you think could happen. If you can't support our parties president, we'll vote your ass out. R you a sore loser?
Get serious. Everyone knows they'll be lifted. Keep Russian investigation going. Impeach POTUS.
The Yellow Canary keeps singing.
Term Limits Now?
If McCain would stop speculating, @POTUS wouldn't have to end speculation re Russia sanctions. #MAGA
You let Pres. Obama do whatever he wanted with Russia and 1 week in office you want to talk tough with Pres trump. Give him a chance!!
McCain it's time for you to go! We voted for Trump as President not you! STOP BEING AN ANTAGONIST !!!
you need to put a leash on your dog. Trump is destroying us.
McConnell better lose that sack, if he wants wifey to get that job.
I hope to piss on his grave. Same thing hes done to everyone else.
Please do not allow DT to lift sanctions on Russia.
Trump's gonna do what he wants. You guys need to stop him. You have the influence!!!
Your sanction support proves you know the stakes in Syria. By supporting the #MuslimBan, blood of children is on your hands
You gave fake news on Trump to FBI to hurt him so wondering did you also leak the audio tape out of Republican retreat to hurt the party?
good 1st step. I beg you to investigate Russia ties and use emoluments clause to impeach @realDonaldTrump

ty so much McConnell!!
it's YOUR party, cry if you want to.
you an McConnel should get out of Trumps way. You both have caused the problems we have. U both have been around too long
I guess you forgot name rank ser# and date of birth. You are now for the other side. Rhino.
@Patrickesque @SenateMajLdr @politico what about the Muslim ban sir? Come on senator McCain. You are a war hero! Stand up!
@AKimCampbell @SenateMajLdr @politico legislative branch appears to be a group of eunuchs: <one that lacks virility or power>
.@SenJohnMcCain You may not be my senator but we are relying on you to push back on this anti-American administration.
@AKimCampbell @SenateMajLdr @politico when i was in school a few decades back, could have sworn there were 3 branches of govt
@AKimCampbell @SenateMajLdr @politico hey mitch, john, bohica
"Important" or "Impotent"?
@citizenservant @SenateMajLdr @politico Oh, let my wife keep her new appointment 2!

Two Rino Losers!!! McCain & McConnell!
YOU JERKS CREATED TRUMP!! GET RID OF HIM NOW!!!
of course, nothing positive could come out of a healthy dialogue,,,give me a break. RHINO's retire
If Putin moves Weapons out of Crimea & Ukraine, Sanctions can Go Away!! #WarProfiteers can Suckit!!
Yeah we'll see how much you stand up to the guy. To date: Not at all.
@PickledBeetz @SenateMajLdr @politico PLS stand your ground.. 
@Hesiod2k11 @SenateMajLdr @politico Come on turtle boy and stick your head out. This boy is your fault.
what the hell are u guys doing? Why so scared of a dictator like trump?
Thank you, Senator, for your statement regarding not lifting sanctions! Bravo!
please fight for America stand against Trump's Unconstitutional acts!
You are obsessed with Russia, another vindictive reason? you don't work for America, but you ego
#please
@arp111 @SenateMajLdr @politico Incapable of fulfilling ur duties or violated ur oath of office ..time to resign
Senators, Thank you. Trump is a traitor. Putin must be furious w/ him sanctions are still in place.
Let's keep the cold war going. Might as well make McCain happy for another war.  Move on.
Please help us, Senator. We are counting on you. Love America
Grow some balls and actively stand up to little hands man.
Where were McCain and McConnell on Russian reset button? Or when HRC sold Uranium to Putin?
