If you are trying to locate a loved one, please call: 1-866-535-5654. #LasVegasShooting
If you outlaw guns the only people who have guns will be outlaws
If you outlaw rocket launchers, the only people who have rocket launchers will be outlaws. (See how stupid that sounds?  Glad I could help.)
Sounds dead on to me
So, regular people should have rocket launchers with which they can shoot down passenger planes.  Smart.
Idiots are going to be idiots wether they got rocket launchers or box cutters on a plane
If someone ever kills 50-plus people from 200 yards away in a matter of minutev with a box cutter, your argument will have some validity.
Killed more than that with a box cutter to take over a plane to crash into a building
How many people have been killed by hijackers with box cutters since we did the obvious, sensibe thing?  NONE.
God bless you John McCain! You are my favorite Republican (and the only Republican i really like).
What are you going to do about it, Senator? We need gun control! #morethanprayers
This is just another stupid Amer excuse.Because guns - kill people,forks - no.Guns should be used in danger or war-to kill.Forks just to eat
What a stupid "point" Edward is trying to make. Ok people kill people sometimes with guns.  Gun control regulates people trying to do that.
What can we do, Senator? How do we stop it from happening again and again?
#GunControlNow
Why don’t you at least let the blood dry you wackadoodle
the blood has been dry from Sandy Hook and Orlando for a long time.
A man killed 29 with a knife in China should they ban Knifes?
would have killed 100's if he had an assault rifle.
The guy in Vegas did he had an illegal fully auto weapon and was only able to kill 50 ?
$7,740,521 from the N.R.A.
Hey McCain. I touched your flight suit when I visited the Hanoi Hilton. You were their enemy combatant, after all.
I am surprised you aren't siding with your Democratic chronies. Being that you are a RINO and have lost the respect of many!
Praying? So, basically you're going to do nothing. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Begin with NOT Passing silencer bill please. 
Amen, what about people making homemade bombs like what took down the Oklahoma Federal building!!!
Senator McCain is a Profile in Courage among cowards, thieves and butt sucking corporate lackeys.
You did the right thing on HealthCare.
Now, I hope you'll do the right thing when it comes to #GunControl 
Close the loopholes.
What loopholes?
Whom do you believe? This crazy traitor of Americans wants to kill everyone. His is sick about willingness to murder.

You have of nerve saying UR "praying" for the victims when you've taken $7,730,521 from the NRA. DO SOMETHING OTHER THAN LINE YOUR POCKETS!!

yes and i am praying u will retire ASAP
7.7m, hell of a sum of money! Must buy a lot of cooperation
Cry exactly 7,740,521 tears please McCain, one for every dollar you've received from @nra.
John McCain Ariz.: 
$7,740,521  FROM THE N.R.A.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html?action=click&module=Opinion&pgtype=Homepage …
Cindy & I are praying for the victims of the terrible #LasVegasShooting & their families. We appreciate the bravery of all first responders.
Really?
Praying blah blah. Just words. Decent thing is to enact strict gun control like the rest of the world. No country has US record of massacres
pray ... like WE pray that YOU will finally stand up to the NRA and trump

You've received over $7.5m from the NRA in your career. Denounce the NRA, pay $7.5m to anti-gun efforts, or shut the hell up you hypocrite.
Gun control, Senator. No more thoughts and prayers!
The Casino's could fix this problem. Disneyland has tighter security than a Vegas Casino. Metal detectors might have prevented this tragedy.
Chose one: A) total security B) total freedom C) a balance between security and freedom.  That's all,  Folks!
Let’s do something about it this time!!
how about gun control senator?
We have had all types of guns for years. What has changed isn't so much the guns as it is the foundational elements of our society.
but we also have more guns and more shootings than other countries. U may be right but that's opinion.
Yes. I don't believe one or the other is completely to blame. We don't dialogue any more. We spew.  It's more than unproductive. Damaging.
How'd ya' spend the $7,740,521 you got from the NRA to sell out the Arizonans you swore an oath to serve? Your prayers mean nothing. #NRA

Talk is cheap. Instead you could give the $ the NRA "donated" to you for voting no on gun control your whole career, to the victims
$7 million sound about good? Keep the change. 
Praying is not enough.  We need gun control. Pls stand up to the NRA and stop taking their bribes.  So embarrassed of my country's leaders
$7,740,521 worth of #ThoughtsandPrayers funded by the @NRA #GunContolNow
Says the man who received $7,740,521 from the @NRA
Lies.
For the love of God, u r in a position to do more than pray & actually DO something. If u r really a maverick then lead on gun control
Prayers are fine, we need action now.
hows the NRA treating you???? Gonna change anything???
WOW! The NRA pays you almost $8 MILLION to keep these guns legal! And I thought you had a moral code. I was wrong.
You accepted blood money from NRA. #EndGunViolence
Must be comfy praying on top of those stacks of millions of dollars from the NRA.
You've received $7,740,521 from the N.R.A. You have so much power to stop this. Please stop the terrorist organisation, @NRA
.Sorry, But Prayers AREN'T Enough~!!!!.... Especially If You're NOT Gonna Do Anything To Try To Change The Gun Laws~!!!!!
you can suck it!
We would appreciate a Congress that had the courage to stand up to the NRA and vote in strict gun control laws.
Thank you for your prayers but what are you going to do to stop these acts of violence and tragedy??
LIAR! TRAITOR!!!
silencer!!!!... and I am pretty sure these retards will pass these. At the end money from NRA has power. Whatever they do FoxNews is answer.
Bless you all.
Your thoughts and prayers are not enough.
Doing a lot of that lately with trump in WH!
Spare us your sympathy and let's talk about all the money the NRA contributed to your campaign over the years.
Prayers doesn't deal with the fact Congress lives in pocket of gun peddler pray Ppl stop reelecting corrupted politicians working for @NRA.
Please do more than pray! You are in a position to make laws that save lives.
#GunControlNow
Prayers are okay, but start "taking names & kickin' ass" on the Congressmen/women who do NOTHING about gun control
#thatsnotenough
#hypocrite!!!  U are in bed with @NRA and took bloodmoney from them and voted against stricter laws!
Okay, so why don't you donate the $20,000 in campaign contributions the NRA has bought you with to help out the victims & families?
Please, you've changed so much already. Please, climb out of the NRA's pocket. Please, protect your people. We are dying.
Sen McCain, you can't take money from the NRA and then offer prayers. Please, sir, you are in a position to do something. #guncontrol
Please do more than pray and appreciate. You have great courage and bravery and are in a position to do something. We need leadership.
@SenShelby we pray for people like you to change laws. Our prayers go unanswered. #enough

We need gun violence data

LV police were so badly outgunned by mad man it took them 2 hrs to enter gunman's hotel room; 

Trump says they got him "quickly"
Before you leave this earth, please help fix this
Senator we BEG you to pass #sensiblegunlegislation. Please sponsor a bill to do just that.
And now make automatic weapons illegal.
Prayers aren't enough.  U had a chance 4 years ago to vote YES to regulating assault weapons & you failed Americans. Please, do more...
Your prayer is useless. You care more about LaPierre's $$ than solving the problem. Save your crocodile tears.
Once again we don't just need your prayers We needed you to honor your promise on HC Shame on you
Unfortunately, prayers are not enough.  James 4:17
Don't just pray John.  Do something to prevent the next one.  Ban automatic weapons!
How does a person get twenty three rifles into his room in a Las Vegas Casino? Poor security?
Nevada supports freedom to openly carry as many assault weapons as you want. Freedom to go out with a bang.
Mush!
Yet you'll do nothing to make sure this doesn't happen again. That's despicable. Faith without works is dead, so what good are your prayers?
Protect those who remain with commonsense gun reform. Thank you.
How about taking the lead on the root cause?
Save your prayers. You are the reason so many died. Vote NO on assault weapons next time. FOOL
What are you going to do to make sure we stop getting shot?

Why don’t you do something good for them and retire!
And fellow Americans that helped folks out of the line of fire.

@realDonaldTrump Now IS the time to talk about guns. Assault weapons do not belong in the hands of the general public they only belong with soldiers on the battlefield.Easily concealed hand guns do not belong in the hands of the general public, only should be with police officers
I'm very angry . Stop talking and do something about this atrocity .
Don't you think you should do way more than that?!
Prayers are great but prayers without works are dead. We need you and your colleagues to enact gun control now
Stand up to the NRA!!!!  Gun control now!!!!
Wish your situation was better sen. McCain. Your a good man. Also wish one republican could see fit to stop NRA madness. No need 4 army guns
We need you to stand up to the #NRA , senator
Please protect us from this happening again. You have proven time & time again you're the only true hero who will stand up.
Senator McCain , having served honourably in our military , surely you know assault weapons have no reason to be readily available to anyone
Our thoughts are with you all.
Thank you, Sen. McCain.  You're in our prayers as well.
Thanks john for the large deductible we have to pay when we get our hospital bill
Mr McCain have you taken $$$ from the @NRA?  If so, why?  Will you return that blood money? Is real gun control laws a priority for you?
Do something!
Can you PLEASE not allow the silencer bill to pass this week.  That would be significant in honoring these senseless losses as well.
#CommonSenseGunControl
Truly and with respect, I would prefer gun control.
Wish we didn't have 2 pray for people like this. Having em alive n not killed by gun violence will be a million times better. What do u say?
Your prayers don't mean shit unless you back them up with a solution
Please help congress pass new laws for more gun control.
Until our government chooses people over corporations and profits nothing will change.
you let it happen actually
Your prayers mean nothing. Your votes that support the use of guns do. They mean the families tonight had not a prayer in the world.
For the love of God, you need to stop voting as the NRA demands you to. #yourprayersareinsufficient
STOP PRAYING! START LEGISLATING!
Please take a stand and help us on gun sense measures. This isn’t political. This is about human safety for all. Lobbyists have spent enough to make money. Now we need to save lives. Please help lead the way.
I watched Kimmel. Your vote allowed this to happen. Get out of the NRA'S pocket and do what's right. #LasVegasShooting #guncontrol
Please stand up to Republicans to pass gun control. This can’t keep happening. #GunControlNow
WaPo says you've received $17,350 from the NRA. Please do the right thing and #SendBackTheBloodMoney - then let's talk common sense reform.
We're praying u quit
@SenJohnMcCain last month you saved countless America lives by saving ACA save countless more by passing meaningful gun reform
Resolve to prevent future deaths. These innocents had their lives end before their times. Never again, no more senseless loss of life.
And we pray for you
Please act now to prevent future massacres! Their grieving families need hope, assurance and action to prevent future deaths.....
Shame on u, sir, 4 ur votes against: background s at gun shows, closing loopholes post-pulse & restricting gun ownership for mentally ill
Then vote to protect Americans from gun violence!  No sales of assault weapons. Background checks always, anywhere! Stand up to NRA!

Your thoughts and prayers are not enough.  We need gun control.  We need NRA's money out of politics. NRA is the real terrorist organization
Unfortunately, prayers aren't enough right now. I wish we could go back in time and you could have voted against the NRA in June 2016
YOU have the power to prevent this from happening again. Please pass legislation instead of just offering your thoughts and prayers!
$19,400 in NRA campaign contributions. How much praying do you have to do for that kind of irony? https://www.facebook.com/NowThisNews/videos/1727482537283229/ … #GOPcomplicit
You and the rest of these folks have failed this country. That will be your legacy.

Now is the time to stop this from happening again. Pass sensible gun   Laws that Americans agree on. Nobody should own an Automated Weapon.
DO SOMETHING RATHER THAN TWEET ABOUT IT
What sort of actions are you taking to ensure that events like this don't happen in the future? Actions are required now.
Con artist
Prayers are great but action is better. What better tribute to the victims than to do something to stop the next mass shooting.  ACTION
Constituent here.  I think I still have that last form letter you sent why you wouldn't support gun control - should I just make a copy now?
C'mon John. It's time to just go all in. #GunControlNow
Please pass gun legislation to make it harder to get multiple assault weapons.
Be our hero, John McCain. You have it in your power to fight for stricter gun laws.  Do it. I know you can.
After your done praying, we beg you to help bring about sensible, better gun laws. We need better gun control in our country.
Outlaw high capacity magazines.
Why is everyone praying and not doing anything about this? You're not ministers or priests; you're legislators. Please legislate 4 gun laws
And I am praying for you as well - -to resign
You ready to stand up to the NRA? Gonna give back their money or push gun control? #LasVegasShooting
do your praying at home.  you have never been a Republican and now are impeding growth in the USA.  Traitor.
9 rounds a second the price of freedom or NRA terrorism
Do more than pray.  Pass gun control!!
Prayers are not as good as sensible gun control.
Now go pass a reasonable policy for gun safety.

It takes more than prayers @SenJohnMcCain and Cindy.  MORE THAN PRAYERS
You did not carry an assault weapon around a foreign country so You could come home and see them used to massacre your countrymen.
Sir, what makes a man flip into this planning kill. Prepare to kill
Prayers didn't stop this shooting from happening and they won't stop the next one.  We need reasonable gun control laws
Promoting bipartisanship clearly part of your legacy - maybe also being the voice of sensible gun control? #PrayForLasVegas
John, a lot of those people were also the victims.  ONE thing in common.  They were being shot at.  And in 10 min over 500 were hit. Guns.
Dear sir I have not always agreed with your politics but have respected you and once again you have my respect
Stop praying and start LEGISLATING.  You have no more campaigns to fund, so you don't need the NRA's money anymore. Do what's right. Again.
Praying isn’t enough.
Don't be a hypocrite and a coward, Senator. This is your legacy. Return the money you got from #NRA . A LOT OF MONEY. It is #bloodmoney
You're prayers mean nothing without action. Change gun manufacturing & distribution laws now & be proactive. End future mass shootings now!
Good. now please exeercise your leadership and get some legislation passed that will prevent this type of massacre in the future
We need stronger gun control laws.  The GOP must step away from the NRA money.  #GunControlNow
Vote for gun control otherwise these tragedies will continue!
Please intiate bill for sensibible gun laws. We the People have had enough. #GeneralStrike
#LasVegasShooting


Work at passing common sense #guncontrol laws. We don't need your prayers, we need laws that will protect our safety.
pRAYERS AIN'T WORKING JOHN. BAN THE DAMN GUNS. GET SOME GUTS BEFORE THE END TIME.
Less praying and more common sense #GunControlNow
