@SenJohnMcCain you failed in your bid for #Potus! You're a #HasBeen! Retire!!
What are you doing about Trump and Comey?  What happened to Country First?  How can you sit there in silence and not take action against him
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO TELL EVERY BODY YOUR A UNDER COVER DEM.
What would you think about Merrick Garland for FBI Director?  In other news. I think you're a great American!  Paid your dues. Keep it up.
We had Republican hero's during watergate?  Where are the republican hero's now?  Trump is violating the law and ethics.  Where Are You?
Pres Trump is doing a fantastic job in a very short period of time. Despite the lack of team spirit from GOP representatives, including you
WHY IS THE NOTHING ON YOUR TWITTER PAGE TRYING TO HELP TRUMP.
It's time to start articles of impeachment
Will you support an independent investigation of Trump?
How will anyone trust an independent prosecutor in this climate?  Need open public hearings so all can see evidence and process.
Quickly losing my respect for the GOP.  If you don't stand up against the violations Trump is committing then you have no honor.  Stand up!
stand up for our country, we need special prosecutor and independent investigation!!
It's time to start the articles of #impeachment. Otherwise this atrocity of a President will be your legacy.
Thank you for your methane vote. Where was this support for Oak Flats? Clearly, this was about money for you.
Hey how's your ISIS funding going ? #traitor
When will you begin impeachment proceedings ?
My question to you is: don't you want Pres Trump to succeed? Because he does. Stay focused on substance and support more your/our president!
will you work to get to the truth about the Trump/Russia situation?
Why won't u save us from madman in the WH?! We need u!!! Help us!!!!
Why are you not supporting our President?  Get with the program.  Much to get done!!
That's because Trump is a dick
First question - when are you retiring? Support Prez Trump!
It's up to you sir. I know you are a brave and honorable man. It seems every other R can be bought or threatened.
JOHN MCCAIN: THANK YOU for voting NO on the methane bill!!!!!
Thank you for having the courage to 
do the right thing!!!
I want to know your reason for Betsy DeVos. During her hearings, she left no doubt that she is completely inept.
Congratulation on back stabbing the party.Be honest next time&run as a demorat,since your such an Obama shumer supporter.And trump hater.
How do you live with yourself? Please elaborate. Do you think you could fit in the drain? Please try!tweet me a pic
RESIGN NOW to stop the damage you are doing to America 
Is anyone giving @VP legal counsel how to shield f Trump lies fallout? @VP now lied twice at least for Trump admin. @Lawrence @maddow
Why won't you face your constituents in person?
Trump is ruining our Democracy!
He has the Ambassador from Russia in the Oval Office and only Russian Press were allowed!
Stand up to Trump!!  This is NOT about Democrats vs Republicans is about being an American!!!!!  Special Prosecutor
POTUS and WH people give different explanation to cover up lies of President Please Speak up and stand for this nation and next generation
Push for a special prosecutor or lose your job.
What is the over/under on the number of days before you are curled up in a dark corner gnawing on your own socks?
Coward meet us!!!!
Will you speak out against the AG violating the terms of his recusal ?
You took money from #KelleyRogers. You know the GOP firm that was served a warrant by the FBI today?
How many combat deployments r enough? How many wars do u plan 2 have at the same time? If we are going to be in continuous combat then draft
You suck
My question is when are you going to start pushing to get the Special Prosecutor for the Russia investigation?  #thisisnotnormal
Do you see trump's comments to Lester Holt about firing Comey as admission of obstruction of justice? If so r u prepared to impeach ?
Trump can fire who he wants .you cry baby demorats have been calling for comeys head,claiming he hindered crookeds campain.remember???
When are you going to retire and get out of Congress? You are working against our President and acting childish.
RUSSIA.
Why did you vote against the methane rule? One reason we have to worry about cyber security is because we have to import energy.
please step up and be a patriot
When will the GOP do its duty and hold @realDonaldTrump accountable?
Why do you persist with all your false narratives as re: Trump and Russia? The Comey firing? Why are you colluding with the Democrats?
What can you do to build a larger coalition of reasonable cooperative legislators?
The current president is so unethical, so often, we are getting used to it...what would he need to do for the Congress to impeach?
Will you please quit?
1) Why can't VA bureaucracy be terminated?  Hellman isn't the only one.
2) $800 bn in Afghanistan alone, how many more fronts can we afford?
Retire.
When R U going to come out & fight against the lying, unconstitutional behavior of the 45 admin? U R losing hard earned credibility.
Will you cosponsor independent investigation of Russian-Trump collusion?
Can you retire soon please?
How about appointing a special prosecutor on the Trump Russia probe! There's already plenty of grounds for impeachment!
do you believe firing of Comey represents an attempt to subvery a federal investigation? If yes, what should response be.F No why?
Why has there not been a Special Prosecutor appointed yet?   It's way past time!!!
You are an embarrassment to your sweet and smart daughter. Do us all a favor and retire!
Does it involve an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!! #GOPTRAITORS
Trump does what he wants with no accountability.  Why is that ?
When will Flynn, Sessions, Trump, Manafort, others be held accountable for their acts of treason.
Why are so many Republicans covering for Trump ?  They're clinging to him .  What's going on ?
Their was another attack on a American family in San Deigo. When are you going to support our President?
What are you going to do about Sessions? Not fit to be AG.
When will you publicly stand up to Trump?
How will you vote on new Healthcare bill?
Question 1. Why don't you retire. Question 2. When will you admit your goal to destroy Trump . Question 3. How often do you chg yr diaper?
When are you going to resign so we can get a real Republican in your seat?
How soon will you resign?
You don't answer any real questions. Fake Senator.
Sorry, not interested in what u have to say. I feel u should change parties and become a Democrat
How did you get so rich?
What are you so afraid of? What are you hiding? What happened to our Republican representatives?  #TermLimits
Trump & Pence have now both lied about why Comey was fired. When will you stand up for honesty to the American people!
the WH has no clear position on any issue- Contradictory statements and positions abound 
How does the Senator know which position is "real"
Independent counsel! POTUS obstruction of justice?
You've met and spent time with him. He is certifiable nuts, like looney bin crazy, right?
When are you discussing your secret meetings with ISIS senator-where is your allegiance?how much have you received to support Rebels?
Will you stand strong and request a special prosecutor
Are we prepared for a President Pence? - in that eventuality which issues would Senator McCain prioritize?
Will there be a be a prosecutor?
Please say when subpoenas for tax returns and financial business debt and interests will be issued for Donald Trump
#congresshearing a good place to start. But, #IndependentInvestigation outside #Congress with prosecutorial authority is absolute necessity.
Why do you side with the enemy over making America great again with another false narrative that has no basis in fact? Sorely disappointed!
Will you commit to continue pushing for a special investigator? This is no longer a partisan issue.
How much more damage does Trump do to our national reputation before you find some friends in the house to start impeachment?
Thanks Senator McCain. Can't wait to stop by and say hello!!!!!!!!!!
He's an embarrassment to the American ppl. What has McCain done for us?  Nothing! He just wants to go to war with Russia. Why?
you're a hero one more heroic things to do for the nation you love so much that will be imprinted for eternity#show us  Trump is a traitor
@SenJohnMcCain will you push harder for a independent or special investigation into @POTUS. His actions are unbecoming of a president!
when the hell are you actually going to do something about Trump?
We need an independent counsel now. Will you step up in the absence of real leadership from others in your party?
Why don't you leave senate
- would you ask for special prosecutor for election and HRC & DNC emails & Russian scope ?
What are your connections to the Clinton Foundation? Why do you hang out with terrorists? Why are you hellbent against our @POTUS.
When will see brave patriots in The House and Senate? We elected you to serve us, not to serve the embarrassment in the Oval Office.
Will you take action to form an independent investigation into Trump/Russia?  If yes, when?  If no, why not?
Hey John, me again, I like that you're on snapchat. You know whats also cool? That russia investigation
Why are you so nervous? Trump draining your swamp & your boy Comey is gone. Always winning with Trump
Arevu going to ask for an independent investigation into the Russian hacks? Are we going to use the debate as evidence.
Yes I know Are you not arevu.. Damn fat fingers
Why don't you call out Schumer for trying to blackmail the AG to appoint a special prosecutor.We know all investigations will last 4 to 8 yr
is anything going to be done about the Clinton and podesta satanic pedophile ring?
Why are you an obstructionist for your own party?  Why don't you retire and go away.  Our countries debt to you has long been over....
Why are HFTs in control of the CCC and the stock market allowed to exist especially when they're FOREIGN ENEMIES like VIRTU PARTNERS?
Are you really sitting tweeted questions or will none of these asking about your health bill support show up on the town hall?
I'm from Arizona, born & raised in fact my dad was Dept Dir. of  DPS, Friends Family, John Lied to me recently. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
John MUST demand an investigation & take That traitor out of the White House.
Do you support term limits?
#DrainTheSwamp #termlimits
Why aren't you pushing harder for an independent special prosecutor for Russian/Trump campaign collusion? Why do you/GOP put party first?
When are you leaving?
VA question for you. Why won't congress allow medicare an VA health coexist as payers for outside care?Like tricare
Sen. McCain - when will Senate & Congress wake up & get an
Independent investigation put together! What abt a psycho. test on Trump!
Senator you are one of the few hopes of your party to save itself
When are you switching parties?
What exactly does Russia have on the Republicans that prevents them from doing what is morally right for our country?
Campaign funds!
Olive, I think that's just one aspect.  The way they're behaving it feels like more than that. Just can't put my finger on it. GOP out 2018.
Stand up to Trump!
Will you support an independent investigation into the President's actions regarding #ComeyFiring  and #Trumprussia  #AskSenJohnMcCain
What for. TO please Schumer blackmail of the AG.
Can you sway your Republican colleagues to put country over party? We need robust, bipartisan investigation in Russian collusion with Trump
Yesterday the Russians were invited into the WH & w/onour #freepress Mtg at Putin's request. why are the GOP so silent? natl sec anyone?
Yes, why is GOP silent abt. #FreePress Oval Office news blackout wrt #Russian visit. Is this SOP? @SenJohnMcCain?
Here's a question for you.  How much longer before we get rid of Trump?  #impeachTrumpnow
John:  we have a President with no Moral Authority or Credibility any more. Will you support an independent investigation into RussiaGate?
Will you back your concerns about Russian & our current Administration with action?
Why do you keep pushing policies that get soldiers blown to pieces fighting non-enemies living in mud huts 1000's of miles from #USA ?
I know you understand it takes courage for our service men and women to go into conflicts, does the R have the same when it comes Trump?
AMEICAN PEOPLE calling, WE WANT OUR COUNTRY BACK!!
AMERICAN PEOPLE! Not DEMS, Not Republicans, Not independents,
AMERICANS and we want our Country back!!
When will you do your duty and put country before party and fight for Independent Prosecutor to investigate Russian connection, corruption?
We is the impeachment going to start?
When can we end our stupid destructive and counter productive regime-Change-War policies?
Demand an independent prosecutor that Trump cannot control. When will you do this? Act NOW!
Appoint special prosecutor! Appoint special prosecutor! Do NOT let this corrupt dictator-wannabe off the hook to reek more havoc on US.
When does impeachment begin???
Impeach on what ground?  Huh?
At what point did you start to enjoy killing millions of people for your pleasure? That's my one question.
Mr McCain, are you compromised?
Have you considered caucusing with the Dems on Trump appointments, so that he doesn't have an "automatic" 51%?
I'm not a constituent, but as a former teacher, you get stars for your effort this week. Loved your methane vote and stance on #trumprussia
1) how can we get leader McConnell to approve a special prosecutor? way past time for this. 2) where do you stand on healthcare bill
When will the impeachment process start?
There is nothing to impeach anyone over. If you are speaking of Trump he has committed no crimes.
When will you hear the calls for you to retire?
What can and will your committee do push for a special prosecutor in Trump-Russia?  Are you willing to stall the Trump agenda to get a SP?
How many times do we have to say there is no proof! Have you seen any!  No! You ppl are insane!  No proof!
Why has there been no arrest of @HillaryClinton yet ?
Conspiracy with Intent  ?
Why do you continually support Trump (after you mildly criticize him)? Is that what you call "politics"?
Is it because your wife who now works for the trump admin. Was that enough to shut you up? Seems small benefit for selling your soul.
Senator...one more question....what type of electronic equipment did the Russian "Media" bring with them into the White House Wed?
What are you going to do to ensure that Trump can't interfere in investigations into Russian interference in election and collusion?
What is the national security risk if Trump has significant business ties to Russia through legit and/or shell corporations or illegal means
When are you going to put an end to Russ/ trump illusion and witch hunt? No evidence after 6 mths.
Bahahaha! You wish! Wait.And.See
We shall
And why are there multiple investigations going on right now? Do you REALLY believe evidence will be shared with the public at this time? 
None for Trump. Not under investigation this is lie. Tapper: no evidence! Feinstein: no evidence, can't invent evidence! No there there.
You're either insane or watching too much Breitbart & Alex Jones! They NEVER said there is NO EVIDENCE! #CrazyMuch
Do t watch either. Ok tell me what evidence? Waiting?
First question is when are you retiring?
How do we trust the President or Vice President after all the lies they have told. VP is just as guilty in lies and cover ups as  President
no thanks squirrel cheeks
Have you any evidence or personal experience showing that Paul Ryan's spine exists?
Why do you criticize Trump but then vote in support of him behind closed doors? Will you ever find your balls?
Unlike Trump, we can rest assured that at your events Russians won't be taking the official photographs or running the video feed!
When are you going to stop paying lip service to doing the right thing wrt Trump and Russia and actually do it?
