That doesn't sound like a great idea, they get bad ones even with polygraph screening.
Hypocrite!!!!   You want nothing to do with border security!!!!
Border Patrol & ICE already has too many bigots thanks to Trump. We don't need to let more in. Vetting should be toughened, not weakened.
You need to retire....
Can't have uneducated and loose cannons in law enforcement! Extreme vetting is needed! 
Sen Mc. you better vote to stop this craziness. We don't want anymore thugs with guns in this country.
who are you calling thugs surely not Border Patrol
And especially the ones who are vets and might have untreated ptsd.
I think we need to have forced polygraph test for everyone in the DC Swamp, INCLUDING ALL MEMBER OF CONGRESS AND AIDS..
HILLARY DID SHARE CLASSIFIED INFO, OH WELL, RIGHT?
LYING to the families of the men who died in Benghazi, A VIDEO, THAT WASN'T AN INSULT? STILL NO TRUTH FOR THEM YET
Banks & insurance Co almost instantaneously offer credit or insure. Is gov't so inept it can't do the same for vets?
God bless you Senator McCain!
@meganjanetsky

Ease? Why are we doing that? Don't we need MORE border patrol officers?

NO ONE has verified Trump sha
I bet you welcome open borders, let thieves, drug dealers, murderers and terrorists in, BLOCK THE BORDERS MCCAIN, DEFEND OUR SOVEREIGNTY
Suggest you start listening to the ppl
Build that wall
For once fight for something that is a good idea. If Dems are against it it is a good idea
#BUILDTHATWALL
Not good!
It's a terrible idea. Is it now Trust Only? What the hell happened to Trust, but Verify?
Hey @SenJohnMcCain FOCUS!#Trumprussia
We don't want a mentally unstable militia shooting people at our borders with a blessing from the US government. THIS IS AMERICA 󾓦
good deal it  will stop you from hiring your fellow Nazi friends quit now and save your good reputation you are not good for AZ anymore
Enforce the laws we have. Stop creating new messes.
This is great! It makes no sense to do a polygraph on someone that is going to be armed & protecting our border. Sorry, this sounds moronic.
Remember when the maverick fought border control. I do
McCain is a Democrat against Trump. Obvious
CBP is already the world’s largest law agency. There have been rampant corruption problems over the years. No fast-tracking of any hires!
Imagine that ! Stalled in Congress.
I guess when trump talked about jobs he was referring to more police, not manufacturing.
Oldest member of the Swamp
2008 - 173 electoral votes. Outright rejected to be #potus. 9 years later U R not fit to B N the senate b/c U cry #faketears w/@senschumer
Better to hire human patrol than build a fucking wall. #ImpeachTrump
Another Obama clone!
You are a nasty man
Finally McCain behind a bill for Americans.
Look at AZPOST. Same standards. If not qualified to be a state officers, why should they be a federal officer?
If you care about not insulting vets why not work harder on making their health and mental care eaisier? That's the biggest insult to vets.
He doesn't care about other Vets he makes sure he is taken care of.

Joe Lieberman's an able man, but he spent 43 yrs in politics. He's not the career prosecutor or cop the FBI needs now.
Some of the BP agents appear to be the bottom of the barrel!
Keep the standards high. These people hold a position of high trust. We hold all of our state officers to this standard.
why would you waive a polygraph test? makes no sense
No doubt..Congress once again proving irrelevance is alive and well
If a potential employee cannot pass a lie detector test then they're probably better off doing something else, eh?
yes hire thousands more-protect our country and every person currently here from the scourge of criminals & terrorists-God Bless USA @VP
I do not agree with lowering stnds for expediency. Vetting, e.g. immigrants, NSA post, officers, is in place for a reason, SECURITY. #resist
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @replouiegohmert  Why is this stalled???
What the hell is wrong with you McCain? You want to RELAX checks on these law enforcement people? WHAT COULD GO WRONG WITH THAT? Christ!
Same people opposing also support illegal sanctuary cities. THE HYPOCRISY is amazing. Tax payers are watching closely.
Polygraphs are pseudo-scientific BS.
But what other requirements might the bill "relax" ?
Agree. If lie-detector tests are inadmissible in court, why would they be useful in hiring an agent? You might as well use a Ouija Board.
At one point, US army bought high-tech-looking dowsing rods for "scanning" for bombs in Afghanistan.  Makes as much sense.
Is that the house that works?
Vets have served this country and should be recognize for that, however they are human and should have the same background checks.
Just hire your terrorist fanboys that you so love and support
There's a shock! ... Let's get moving @SenateGOP +esp @SenateDems who choose obstructing+resistance over the best interests of the USA PPL!
Rumor is that Paul Ryan can't get it done- bad choice for speaker- we need to replace him- how bout a wooden indian?
you know Trump will be upset over this @SpeakerRyan look out,no more dinners for you  @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
No surprise there. Communist
YOU ARE A STAIN ON AMERICA SONGBIRD! HATED IN ARIZONA! YOUR WIFE'S MONEY BOUGHT YOU ANOTHER ELECTION. YOU ARE A TRAITOR! SEARCH YOUTUBE!
just the way you planned trader resign old manMAGA
Hey John! What about HealthCare? TaxReform? Deregulation? John you do everything but that which the people need and want.
Stop supporting Trump, you know he's corrupt and incompetent! Put country before party! You of all people should be leading the way!
Mr.senator #AbuMccain @BasharAljafari1 said something to u
Syrian government calls #US crematorium claim 'a big lie' https://aml.ink/CZz2P  #Syria
Good  Friday, Sen.John McCain
