Pork-barrel spending is alive and well in Washington, despite claims to the contrary.  #PigBook exposes the #waste. http://www.pigbook.org  
Prayers and best wishes to you. You survived torture as a POW this is a walk in the park for you!
Wishing you the best Senator!
@SenJohnMcCain is never out of the fight. He hops out of bed after major brain surgery faster than 99% of humans do on a Sunday morning.
Get well soon Senator.
Best wishes for you and your family. Keep fighting 
Don't agree w/you politically but I've got nothing but respect for u & ur service ur a true patriot & American hero get well soon!
#GetWellSenatorMcCain Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your support to  Ukraine! Get well soon senator McCain.
You are in our prayers for speedy recovery.
JOHN ! Jesus still heals. Check Him out
get well soon

I too have glioblastoma. Keep on fighting!
There are tens of thousands of food stamp recipients driving Escalades in new designer clothing; Pork Barrel?  Fraud, Waste & Abuse.
Need healthcare
https://www.amazon.co.uk/first-30-days-death-Griffin-ebook/dp/B01IADAVIO/ref=sr_1_21?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1500575926&sr=1-21 …
Treat your cancer w/ known alt treatments that work then become a spokesman for people's rights to any treatment illness the way they want
Enjoy retirement (hopefully) support a blue collar guy to replace you.good luck with your health, remember never have so few  had so much...
Dear Senator. I know you will fight this health fight like a champion. I hope this experience will show you that all Americans healthcare.
Senator McCain prayers for you sir
Lifting up prayers for you, Sir.  Praying for healing, comfort, and ease.  God bless you and keep you.  Thank you for all that you've done.

My Thoughts and Prayers going to You and your Family. Get well soon.
You have done nothing but expand war rhetoric, arm terrorists, & betray constituents. Maybe this is your wake up call to redeem yourself.
If you want to live longer, please dont return to politics, you are too old. It is bad for your health!
Many prayers coming your way. Thank you for being a great part of the political landscape!
I hope you get better soon Senator.
Smokeweed, Cindy get your man some weed so he will eat good food while he rids himself of the. Situation, it works it work it works
You've been in DC how long? And your protege' Jeff Flake, have done nothing to rein in the spending? Symbolism and no substance.
I'm a life long Democrat that loves you!! Get better - we need you in Washington!!
Praying for you, Senator!
#feelgoodsoon @SenJohnMcCain ur my hero,u fight for what's right, #fightcancer n kik it's azz.
Sending lots of hugs and prayers. Hang in there you're going to be fine 
Senator you have a purple heart,  you were a POW,  and you survive the moist difficulty situations.  Jesus died for our sickness!
 for your recovery Sir. God bless you. We (country) love you. 
Your daughter has the makings of a Senator, speak to her about it.
I may not agree w u Sir, 95% of the time, but u have my total respect. TY 4 ur service-true Amer. Hero. You'll beat this!! Fighter 
#TermLimits
this blunts 4 u yung
You are our veterans hero keep on fighting
One of the last true patriots in Washington. Wishing you a speedy and complete recovery (D)
I don't agree with you politically, but I know you're an honorable man. Huge amount of respect. Prayers for your recovery.
Although a Trump supporter...Im praying for you sir...get well soon
Sending prayers and thoughts to you and your family. Keep up the fight, sir! You are an American hero and have many pulling for you!
dear John McCain I am sorry u have cancer I hope u get well soon I will pray for
Sending good vibes ur way to defeat another cruel enemy. Please get well soon. Ur country depends on you to be a voice of reason in age of T
i am praying for you and your family. Jesus heal John McCain completely. amen.Martha Griggs
It saved my dad for twenty years, try it for gods sake I'm telling u it will save your life, I hope u do for wife sake
Ur part of the problem
I hear marijuana is great for cancer treatment side effects. Just don't tell @jeffsessions or he'll send the cops to confiscate ur property
John, please begin a massive amount of weed therapy,you last job before retirement is to get weed legalized everywhere,how? By seeing effect
My prayers to you Sir...
GOD is putting KARMA on you for all the Hate you spew in trying to Impeach Trump.  You mess with God's Hand on Earth and Cancer gets ya
get better Senator McCain praying for your well being
From one Vet to another...wishing you the best and don't give up! Start now with positive thoughts.  You've survived worse. God Bless!
Hope you feel better, you and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
We'll see you back in action soon.
One of the good ones. Well wishes from Canada  Mr McCain. Kick the shit out of this thing 
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
You're in my prayers senator, Don't give up.. keep fighting 
Get well John and may God heals you in Jesus's name...amen.
Dear Senator McCain, We wish you a speedy and full recovery. Thank you for being one of the sane voices out there!
You are the most honorable Republican I have ever seen.  Keep up the good fight Senator!  The whole country is rooting for you!
Dear Sir, all the best to you and your loved ones. That you may recover soon!
Wishing you a full recovery Senator McCain. I am glad you have good health insurance and don't have to worry about pre-existing.

Would love have a look!! Wishing you all the best. Praying for u & all ur family during this trying time. May God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain
Got well fast sir! We need you to keep an eye on Trump.
always respected u, sir.  So sorry to hear of ur illness.As a 2x Cancer survivor...I wish you strength & courage (which u have) to kick ass!
Wishing you the very best
Praying for you!
Keep fighting Senator. We need you & we're praying for your complete recovery. 
You can beat this Mr. McCain! Praying for you. We are all with you. 
Prayers for you and your family 
Wishing u a speedy recovery!
Sending prayers, love, and light to you and your family for a full recovery. You've got this!
,.
http://www.ambppct.org/library.php 
Dear Senator I wish and pray for your speedy recovery! I truly believe that you will be okay very soon! 
Senator, You are a hero t to Americans and to people around the world. Stay strong!
Sen. McCain I am not a republican but you are one of the BEST men in office & are a moral compass. You can fight this, Give it helll!
No panic senator u have no brain anyway.
God bless you Senator and I hope you have a speedy recovery
we will pray for you as you fight this new battle!!!
Stay strong, sir.
Praying for you Senator McCain. You are  true hero of this country. You have this democrats utmost respect and admiration.
Good morning Senator. You are in Americas and the worlds positive thoughts and wishes today. 
From VA -You are in my prayers. I admire your integrity and shining example as a Senator. Fight hard for yourself as you have fought for US.
one state's pork is another state's pet project. It all depends on where you live.
There is a company that puts electricity on your head and GBM was gone in 12 months https://www.google.com/amp/gizmodo.com/this-electric-helmet-looks-goofy-but-it-zaps-deadly-bra-1579846433/amp … also a virus injected can help
Senator, I've always had the utmost respect for you. I'm sure you realize now more than ever we need to get the traitor out!
Sending love and hope from the UK
From across the aisle I wish 2 thank U4 all UR years of service 2 our country sacrifices U UR loved 1s have made while doing so #CancerSucks
My family is sending love and prayers your way. Kick ass, sir!
I am a veteran sir.  You honor us all with you achievements in life.  You and your family have my heart and prayers in your upcoming fight!
Praying for you, @SenJohnMcCain. Your strength and courage is an inspiration. May God give you even more strength as you go through this.
Hey John, do you happen to remember my grandfather Walter Strybel?  You went to the Naval Academy together and more
Get well and come back @SenJohnMcCain America needs more men like you in office!
My wife's been sick for 25 years while you didn't give a F and you've been partying, pillaging, plundering, and funding ISIS, SO... #MAGA
Praying for healing, knowing you will fight this with everything you have!
Sorry Seen .McCain u pull through this sir
Thinking of you and your family during this time. You've got millions of people rooting for you. Stay strong, of course you will.
Fight the good fight, sir, in your illness. Continue to make your dad, your granddad proud, just as you did as a POW.
My Dad, 87, Korean War vet, has dealt with this twice in six years& doing great...u two are made of the same stuff. Keeping u in my prayers
Satan is coming for you, Syrian people payback time.
Best of luck to you Senator. Wishing you a full recovery 
Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Praying for you
#KickCancersAss #AmericanHero #Hero
Senator sorry about your http://cancer.One  week ago I received a transplant because of my liver cancer and doing great.1dayatatimepray
The Wolf Family is praying for you Senator McCain!!
Best wishes for speedy recovery 
 Senator
As a Chinese, you are my most respected politician, know you because you are always be wherever there is oppression. Hope you recover soon.
Assad must go curse don't stop ye old fart. :D
Get well Senator.
Are u sure bashar Esad the next one cancer guy? AHAHAHAHA
Mine and my families prayers go out 2 u.  Get well soon and get back and clean up this shit show.
Best wishes senator. Get well soon. From 
Please get well! We really need you!
You are a true HERO Sir! You are so strong and such a fighter. Sending you healing energy from AZ. Our country needs you more than ever!
Our dear senator's,  we love you very much for. Please speed recovery and come back very soon. WE NEED YOU SIR!!!
God bless you. I pray for you. Ukraine respect you and love you. I wish you the best and speedy recovery.
Hey McCain.....(in an Arnold voice)....It IS a tooomah!
hey senator heard abt ur glioblastoma n bein a doc i knw thats not good but wanted to wish u a speedy recovery n dignity in life GOD bless
It is so sad that Russian Trolls don't even have the honor nor respect to leave McCain in peace. Ukraine stands by you and thanks you. 
Senator McCain is a patriot and a war hero. We are wishing Sen McCain the best!
God Bless You John McCain Hope You feel Better God Bless You Always
Sending hugs and best wish to you and your family
Tell me John, what have you done for the state of Arizona?  What project have you help with like Barry?  Here, maybe this is how we see you!
best wishes from Australia Sen. McCain, you are highly respected here. I know your tough, fight it!
Senator, we disagree more than we agree, but I sincerely pray for your healing. May the blood of Jesus cover you, your treatment & care.
Haven't always agreed with your policies, but never questioned your character or sacrifices you made for our country. #StayStrongSir
Get well soon Senator McCain! Senator Graham will have his hands full while you're gone.
So terribly sorry to learn of your health crisis, Senator. That really sucks. Your famous courage will serve you well.
God Bless Senator. We need you and others like you especially now. The best to you and your family..
get well soon
I know it's along time ago...but I met you 1973 after you were released from Hanoi.   God bless you & continue to fight....MSGT USAF
Wishing  you Senator  John McCain  a total  speedy recovery  my  friend !!!  God  Bless  You  and  your  family !!!
Get well soon, sir. You are a true American hero. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. 
Thrilled about the news, Mister Senator. 
Tick tock, tick tock...
You know how to fight hard. Do it again John McCain!
Best wishes from the UK Mr McCain
I have not always agreed with you Senator, but I do consider you to be an honorable man and a TRUE American Hero....keep fighting.
He will die from this.  Sorry...but it's true.
Praying for your complete recovery. Thank you for your service to Our Country.
Get well soon Sir. You are a testament to the strength & will America has to offer the world. You make me proud to be an American. Thank you
brain cancer is for the devil and shall not be your portion in Jesus name, Amen
Goodnight dark prince.
There always next yr, take care of yourself. My Prayers for your Senator McCain.
Stay strong John, you can beat this 
Keep well!
Keep on Truckin Senator, 
http://endingcannabisprohibition.yuku.com/sreply/1186 

btw The Drugwar is the whole Hog of Pork
Senator, even us lefty-pinko crazy Democrats wish you well. A rare voice of reason in a sea of madness.
dear senator: I wish you speedy recovery; ofcourse you will the hero that you are. from jan, friend from holland
God Bless you and keep fighting, Senator! Us old Navy guys gotta stick around to give everybody HELL! :)
Praying for @SenJohnMcCain  & for ur father, Lance Cooper. May God Bless his family and Bless ur father & ur Family as well!
My best wishes to you, get well soon.
Senator McCain try Rick Simpson Oil! it will Help You

I'm a democrat through and through...I'm pulling for you sir. We love you.
Dear Sen. McCain on behalf of a group of old Marines frm VMFP3, we are praying for a full recovery & blessings from the Marine in the sky.
get well soon. I will be praying for you 
Our thoughts are with you as a Canadian veteran sir I salute. Get well soon
May the angels watch over you. We need you back more than ever. Stay strong, sir.
The United States citizenry will miss you more...prayers and hopes your way. #GodBless #GodBlessAmerica
Prayers going up For you Senator McCain and your family members, stay strong and keep looking up, God has this one for you.
OK, so now UR retiring?  For Christ's sake, UR 80 years old and very sick.  Please, for the love of Jesus, retire.
Best wishes from Massachusetts . Hope you feel better Senator. You are a true American hero.
Oh please you are one of the worst on blowing money cancer or not doesn't let you off what you have done con artist karma just nailed you
Wishing u a Very speedy recovery sir.
Get well, Senator McCain.
Hope you feel better soon mate
3) strength, fighting spirit and luck.
We wish you a fast recovery, Senator. Your country is with you!
you get healthy and come back to us please we need you!
Positive thoughts and prayers for you, Senator McCain, and your family. #trueamericanhero
March on Sir, March on 
I wish you a speedy recovery John. May you live to be a 100.
Keep fighting, senator. You are the enemy for me, but I wish you luck and recovery
I don't always(rarely) agree with your politics, but I respect your service to the U.S. Hope to see you back at the senate soon!
Brain cancer is a pretty good reason not to attend something. Hope you get through this
