If y'all spent time on MAGA agenda things would get done. More stalling and obstruction not working for constituents.  We are. It Europe
Why would anybody have McCain in an intelligence meeting?
Enough already. How much longer are you all going to waste time and money on this farce
Keep an open mind and good luck
what? thought all russia business was fake news. maybe we should all get on the same page, it undermines the process @realDonaldTrump
Please do something, Sir. All your indignation is that of a TV host, not a Senator with actual power. Be a modern day Joseph Welch.
senate intelligence and you. Isn't that a oxymoron? I know if you are there the moron part is right.#veterans for McCain recall.
Please stand for the rule of law- I have faith in you
Oh, you mean the FAKE story that Trump  spouts about to his followers? When are u going to set him straight, or do u need votes that bad now
I hope you hold them accountable. Along with anyone that has aided them, no matter what party.  Americans first before party
...and I no longer trust you to protect Americans against Russia. You have accepted $$ from Russia & Trump hired your wife. Sad indeed.
Your obsession with Putin is bazar. Chill out. President Trump has got this. Or is that what you are afraid of?
Please do not bring up Hillary's email scandal again. You confused the hell outta me last time.
Did you sleep  well last night or you will be like your last hearing! #Timetoretire #takerest #Familytime
So do something...you're all blather
We're frustrated Senator with the lack of closure on this topic. You and your colleagues need to get off your asses and get something done.
How about retiring.  That's a great idea
You clearly have no interest in safeguarding our own security against the Russkies, why do you care about Europe?
Why would you care about that if you don't care about them interfering in US elections? #FakeSenator SAD!
Can you find your way old man
I'm glad our Senators time is well utilized in Washington, thanks!
God forbid we had a functional system and leadership to work on such a solution instead of doing what you all do in DC. Stop comrade Trumo!
Senator, why has this president refused to do or say ANYTHING about Russian aggression against the US and our allies??
Don't forget your drool towel.  A script. And once again, voting party over country.
What about the wall? Please build the wall
There is work for you to do in place of who or what intervened in the European Elections.  Nothing intelligent about your committee
More BS hearings you know nothing about. Waste & Fraud of tax payers $'s #Termlimits needed ASAP #Draintheswamp #McCainMakesAmericaSick
Check out #CNNFakeNews first. It's all fake bro
How about you care about OUR ELECTION THAT PUT A TRAITOR IN THE WHITE HOUSE??!! Stand up John...or don't you REMEMBER your OATHS??!!
Europe will deal w/ it more than you are dealing with it here. History is writing how you & your party are party of Putin
Why don't you concentrate on repeal like promised instead of preventing the agenda the people want. We know what u r doing
I'm not sure I trust you, but I hella mistrust our White House.  What's with the news blackout?
The European don't seem to care about Russian interference in their elections, why should we? Concentrate on home issues.
How about you finish the Russia hearing about American elections and clear the BS already. America first
Your a Guest so sit there quietly and keep your sellout bias questions to yourself. And when ur next POTUS @SenKamalaHarris speaks, SHUT UP
#commiejohn
Do you plan on doing anything about Russia's interference w/ our election? #illegitimatePresident #PutinsPuppet
don't interrupt Kamala Harris this time. Thanks.
Mr Risch: The most important thing is to blame Obama for not doing enough, then. Rather than blaming Trump for not doing ANYTHING now.
When will our govt mobilize to stop further interference in US?? What has @POTUS done???
More of my tax dollars wasted.
Lol!!!!  You need an old folks home puppet john lol!!!
Shouldn't you be worried about their effect here?
Maybe run your proposed questions by someone first this time?
European elections?  What about the #illegitimate US presidential election of 2016?
Try not to fall asleep bruh
I have little faith in any Congressional Republican response  to any investigation into anything Re this administration.
What side of history are you going to be on Senator McCain? #CountryB4Party
Don't just watch, do something!
I use to think military intelligence was the biggest oxymoron..... senate Intelligence committee has it beat.
Vote no on the healthcare bill. What the hell is the matter with you?
The Russians figured it out. Democratic way of dominating the world
Why the hell are we wasting taxpayer dollars having hearings on European elections?
@3L3V3NTH @SenJohnMcCain Thanks for sharing this - baffled as to why it's not on CSPAN or any big networks right now.
Do you plan to silence @SenKamalaHarris , AGAIN?
Please tell your president that this Russia thing isn't "fake news" and we need to do something about that act of war against the U.S.
Get to the bottom of the Obama Hillary collision with Russia and neglect
Senator, any thoughts on Russia involvement in the GOP election for prez . Still believe he stole it from other candidates.
How about u get serious n put your country over your party n work on the Russians in the WH n how they got there...US Election interference!
I voted for you many times, the worse decision I made for AZ and USA. You are the SWAMP in DC and destructive to USA.
What about Russian meddling in OUR elections?
Please tell us why you are not raising holy hell on the congressional delays to approve sanctions legislation?
Maybe u should bring Trump. I'm sure he can stop tweeting for a few minutes. Actually...nevermind.
good.  do what's BEST for our county.  "country first" for REAL.
Looking for more than just words from you ...
Put some ACTION behind those words or they are just lip service to try to get ppl to believe you are actually doing something.
I'm sure Russia is interesting, but I'd prefer to see the Senate figuring out our national debt and the health care fiasco.
RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA! Benghazi.. #Retire
Let's spend less time on Europe... how about dealing with Russian intervention in US elections. This is a no brainer, McCain @nytimes
Schizophrenia
Why aren't we having hearings on Iran & the immediate influence they have on surrounding countries in ME while waging war & terrorism?
Look at Robert Mercer and his meddling in Brexit. He is trying to change government in USA and EU
Watching....
Russia again ? Europe is lost, how about you take care of issues here..
What about their intervention in OUR elections?
#McCainGrowaPair
Be a hero, for once. Actions. Truth. Be courageous, put your country first. Honor your oath to defend our Constitution.
Will you spend more time being concerned about their leaks to provide cover for the politicians that benefited from Russian involvement?
Stand up for us @SenJohnMcCain
Did you get enough sleep John or are you going to blame it on the game again #Deplorable
How can the #GOP be so accepting that Russia hacked our election and is still influencing this administration?
Great! Maybe you'll do something about their interference in someone else's elections.
Are you "concerned "?
Oh so now you care about stolen elections... sure okay!
You take the intelligence right out of that committee....
Dear Senator , what is your stand on the health bill?..
#CountryOverParty   Please, @SenJohnMcCain be a hero....again!
You don't care about Russian meddling in USA elections. Why worry about Europe ?
John do no forget your commitment to free Venezuela from the terrorist tyranny of @nicolasmaduro01 enemy of the US... @POTUS @VP @marcorubio
Hang in here Mr McCain
This WH has yet to hold Russia accountable & continues to reward them. Chew on that.
#Obama, #Merkel msm addressed this in #Berlin.
Could you find Arizona on a map?
Scary when you cannot trust WH. Senators, Make sure service men and women not asked to risk their lives to raise Trump's approval #'s.
GOP To do list:
1. Get on Trump train
2. Repeal ACA
3.  Replace ACA
4. Stay in Trump train

DNC to do list:
1. Get on Trump train
While you're at it, can you check the status of Russia intervention into our own elections, and Trumps obvious involvement?
Did you remember to take your pills this morning, John?
Hopefully you took your pills.
Be sure to ask about Hillary's emails while your there
Used to be thrilled that I'd missed the Truman-McCarthy witch hunts. Sigh.
Except they're not going after common citizens at all.
Check the Oval Office #trumprussia #putinspuppet
How about we do a little more work on Russian intervention in American elections today, too - maybe after
Why not public? I love watching the hearings. It's a learning experience too. 
He provided a helpful link for the public hearing.
John Kasich is way better than you!  That's a republican who actually cares about all Americans and puts country above party.
Agreed
Will you be "deeply disturbed?" Will you interrupt @SenKamalaHarris again?
Godspeed mr. Senator.
Let's be clear: Russia attacked us, they are not our friends, What is needed are more sanctions, not less.
@POTUS probably thinks that's a hoax as well.
