A McCain on a left-wing show sounds about right
You alt left assholes are destroying this country
Let's see. Republicans control most State Houses (for now), the House and the Senate (for now) and are the majority on the Supreme Court. A Republican State Department-Certified "Fucking Moron" (Tillerson's words, not mine) is POTUS (for now). Who is destroyring the country?
And keep out every one of those wet backs
Careful! Your racism is showing. You're supposed to speak in code words. You're welcome. The good news is your tweet using debate strategy #12: "(mis)Label" is entered in today's Desinformatisiya Prize competition! Good luck! Fingers crossed!
You are a weird asshole
It's not about me. I notice you conservative trolls always turn on your opponent when you don't have a counter argument. The good news is your tweet using debate strategy #3: "Attack" earns a 2nd entry in today's Desinformatisiya Prize competition! Good luck! Fingers crossed!
He’s not one of the Good Guy’s
The Dems are already dead, due to all the Liberal Lunatics... Dems for Trump... #MAGA

I’ll take the morons over the Liberal Lunatics anytime... have a wonderful day
I'm sure you would. Sad!
Yeah, sad days ahead for Liberal Lunatics that’s for sure
Sad, when you're so deeply invested in a "savior" like #WhiteSupremacistTraitorTrump it's hard to admit your mistake or that you've been fooled all along. Are you preparing yourself for when FBI perp-walks the State Department-Certified "Fucking moron" out of the White House?
Oh shit! What a congregation of turds
So don't watch @TheView. I'm sure Fox has plenty of alternate facts for you 2 swallow. How lazy do you have to be not to change the channel?
I  @theview. I congratulated Meghan. I complimented her political views. Independents  Meghan.
M. Morons
A. Always
G. Getting
A. Attention

so not interesting
@TheView is trash, @WhoopiGoldberg is trash and all the women @TheView are trash including your daughter. And you are a traitor and a leaker
Leave them alone. 
He was a POW for years
What have you done for this country?
He was a POS for 50 years!
To bad you let the American people down with your famous thumbs down. You proved you don't love America you just hate Trump
You're a good dad!
Liberals all look alike
That is a dumbass show and very bigoted. Hope she doesn't get mauled like Sanders and Huckabee. Very sick people on that show?!!!?
So don't watch. I'm sure Fox has plenty of alternate facts for you to http://swallow.How  difficult is it for you to use your remote to change the channel? Contact me if you need help with that.
Congrats!! Altho I’m on other side of proverbial aisle, I have the utmost respect for McCain family. Looking forward to Meghan’s voice!
Here here! Never been a Repub but she and her dad remind me of a time when the Repubs were intelligent and made sense.
Exdriller you sneezed... God bless you.. Bye.
You should be a proud Dad. UR daughter was fabulous! @TheView needed some  shine and Megan definitely brought it.

Looks like U need some sunshine too Violet.
Wow.
BREAKING: New Evidence Shows McCain Helped Fund FBI Plot to Frame Trump; Backed Bogus Russian Trump Dossier http://truepundit.com/new-evidence-shows-mccain-helped-fund-fbi-plot-to-frame-trump-backed-bogus-russian-trump-dossier/ …
That's not new'
Read it. "But now court documents and new source Intel raise suspicions that McCain may have chipped in financially...."
Headline incorrect, dossier not bogus.
Idiot all libs look alike
Like father like daughter RINO
If @MeghanMcCain wasn't of the elite class, she might discover how hard it is to actually get a job & face a reality ck. Must be nice.
who cares ! The view sucks, Mc Cain you are a traitor and a leaker. Go away ! And your daughter a joke
Why does she always have to be so nasty though?
The apple did not fall far from the tree. Nasty woman, nasty father
Idiot
Well since everyone is either quitting or getting fired at good for her that she is reaching across the aisle to share another perspective
At least they clean the tramps Megan Kelly and Megan Mc Cain. When a network is not firing then you know it is all of the same 
Senator McCain, you must be proud. I'd be proud if you told people the truth about Trump's tax plan. It's sucks and is a giveaway for rich
Idiot liberal
AHHH SO YOU VOTED NO REGARDING ACA TO GET YOUR DAUGHTER A JOB ON THE VIEW...NOW I GET IT
Congratulations! Your tweet using desinformatisiya debate strategy #11: "Alice in Wonderland Logic" has been nominated for today's Desinformatisiya Prize competition! Good luck! Fingers crossed!
Yes a bunch of hybrid idiots!! Perfect match
To bad you a traitor ... get out of AZ
Happy to see you on @TheView! I admire and love your dad, he is a true American hero. Continued prayers for him and for your family.
Liberal idiot
Sen.McCain love, miss beautiful AZ. Hope you're doing well. @MeghanMcCain so smart, well spoken she'll be the brains & beauty on #TheView.
Good job @MeganMcCain and to both, congratulations! @SenJohnMcCain A very thought provoking show!
@MeghanMcCain is doing a great job keep up the great work
Idiot
Hanging with The View will be like spending time with her family. A bunch of left leaning Trump hating liars.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
TRAITOR, PHONY, A HORRIBLE MAN.
When do ”regular” ppl get jobs? There r many other college grads wanting a job but no... go for the rich & famous.
It is all about nepotism and corruption. See Weinstein favors for position.
Of course this is where Megan ended up her dad single-handedly saved Obamacare!
Sure, Senator. As difficult as it is, she's even worse for the country than you are.
Rino kids doing rino thangs
@MeghanMcCain only reason I'd tune in to TheView, don't agree with any of their leftist politics...dont agree with her dad much either.
Rino McCain gets daughter job with liberal commie friends on View
Nepatism is great isn't Senator McCain.  Now if you only could pull some strings to get us Tax Reform and Affordable Healthcare !
Spelling and punctuation are also .
Get a life.
I'm Not a conservative but if she's like her Dad she do amazingly. I have great respect for her Dad for speaking out for the People
Idiot
Drives me crazy when educated people say prouder INSTEAD of more proud.
Could not be prouder of that comment
Guessing your buddy @HarveyWeinstein pulled a few late night auditions with Talentless @MeghanMcCain & got her the gig sure it won't last
This photo totally illustrate where Mc Cain stands, between Weinstein and Hillary. Can people start seeing the real picture about this guy 
Now these are the type of republicans that I respect! That #45 mess is for the birds!
@POTUS is a populist. Republicans are either democrats = MC Cain and/or obstructionists. Time to wipe them all and start fresh. # MAGA 

McCain lying to #American People about Repealing & Replacing #Obamacare. He should resign! #MAGA .@realDonaldTrump  
I treid to watch but just couln't stomach her converstion!
I SEE MEGAN IS STILL A BIMBO
She comes from good stock, Senator.
No you mean Worthless Stock get it right!
Who watches that liberal wacko show?
Millions who aren't blind like you. How ‘The View,’ Over Two Decades, Became A TV Show That Matters
LOL. View is a show for brain dead Liberals.
Megan hates Trump. You hate Trump & need to step aside &l et someone less vindictive take your senate seat
Wish we could say the same about you... #RepealandReplace
Congratulations Meghan, great job.  You are the best 5th chair host.  Mr. McCain you and your family must be so proud.
She probably takes a bath after every show!!!
Glad to see your daughter in her new job, I am sure she will do well.   As for you, don't you think it is time to retire ??
The view? Trash tv? She is better than that. Lower herself to that.


Daughter like FATHER
Well Done! At least she didn’t embarrass herself by graduating fifth from the bottom — 894th out of a class of 899 In Air Force class hey?
Why are you so nasty &mean. Really does that make  U feel like a man? 
Some of these comments from the so called party of family values are vile but typical
Nepotism, the American way!
She's so nervous my Lord it haven't been a week so let's see.
Being on the view is nothing to be proud of because these are ignorant women with corrupt liberal agendas.
Meghan tyvm for ur commitment to a cure for Glioblastoma My Mom had it come up out of nowhere 16 yrs ago Its aggressive & heartbreaking
She voted for trump and so did you. Chew on that.
She's perfect for the position!
Great job Meaghan!
Get Harvey on the View
Good Luck! I couldn’t sit on the same dais as that bunch of yo-yos.
Happy she’s off Outnumbered.
Says Songbird McCain.
Meghan inherited class from you and her family. Conservative can be attractive if it is honest.
Trump is a Liar and a hypercrite. You can't  serve God and mammon. MATTHEW 6:24
I hope she showers after that experience.
Oh god. There goes her art history career.
Tribal thing huh? 
Did they finally bring in another conservative voice? I might watch again!
I may not agree with her on all points but she is what our country needs-a strong, articulate, educated deliberate woman! Great addition
I really fell out with her when she backed drumpf even after he trashed her father.
You should join her and the other Liberal Trump haters!!!
John try to become a true republican
Congrats @MeghanMcCain! Thank you @JohnMcCain for your continued service to our country.
I think she will do well.  Disturbing how hostile some of the comments are.   Thankfully life is about so much more than  political parties.
 Nepotism much?
She's a perfect fit! Her Dad needs 2 join her!  It's where they both REALLY belong!!! Out Numbered is better w/out her! NO  loss Buh bye 
GODSPEED TO YOU SENATOR!
Sir, I served with you in Vietnam. Please use Cannabis Oil to fight your brain tumor! It works Captain! Please Do This!
Thanks for your service to Our Country.
You are and will always be the "SongBird"...
She was wonderful
all you old white women tweeting against her here are just bitter about you're lives.....do us all a favor and shut up .....
Smart  gal I like her.
Maybe now that she's on a high-profile TV show, she can unblock some of us on Twitter and have a thicker skin!
OMG!!!!...Your life is just ruined..OMG!!!...OMG!!!!....OMG!!!!!!
NO. I'm not even special. She blocks everyone.
She wont last. They will swallow her whole. Sorry senator
She won't last because she's ignorant
I miss you @MeghanMcCain on Fox. Good luck on the view. Stay feisty! I won't watch the show because I can't stand the other women.
Meghan I love ur Dad..he is a hero. I hope to meet you both one day. U r a dedicated daughter. I lost my Mom to cancer. I was a nut 4 years
I hope you can bring a conservative point of view.i
I don't always agree with her, but I enjoy her. Wondered why she wasn't there years ago!
She was busy at fox noise.
Overlook the nay sayers and continue to be your best self. Congratulations on your accomplishment
Will not watch the view with her on it.  Big mistake!
I know right, you certainly can't have someone with a different view pissing on these liberal bitches parade.
John you are a #&_%÷,'&€%#,;
She belongs on the VIEW.  Annoying women who just BEACH about whatever. Alot of chatter but nothing meaningful.
This is sad.  Seriously?  Terrible
Since I've never nor will I ever watch those American hating harpies from Hell
I don't care what she does 
U care enough to respond. So u do care.
Congratulations! Hope you can continue @MacandGaydos also.
I hope she does not act like Huckabees daughter.
Thank you so much for voting against not repealing the ACA. Also, thank you for serving our country. I wish you and your family happiness.
You’ve just returned to be in a liberal looney, counterfeit conservative
bot
Her Dad would fit right in with the trash show
John McCain is a RHINO.
she only got the job because of dad and she supposedly represents the right, but she's part of the swamp by birth
The right is the swamp
Trump  crook 
Mnuchin  crook
Flynn crook
Jared  crook
Ivanka  crook
Price  crook
Manafort crook
Putin  crook
Haha... you said Putin

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
Remember when America elected a moron for President. Oh yea he is in the White House now! #Trumpisamoron
Oh my goodness I am in  you must be so proud. Thank you for the beautiful gift of a woman you have given us!
Really? The view?
I know,  that says alot about who she is smh disgusting
#Putinbot
Really thats all u got is that bot shit, lol I see ur a winner dumb ass
#Putinbot
While you are watching the View our country is going to hell with Trump in charge!!
Why are you not standing up for constitution?
Shut up,
@SenJohnMcCain You make me proud to be a gay, Puerto Rican & Republican from @Phoenix! Good luck @MeghanMcCain! @TheView, great casting job!
You raised a fine daughter. Pat yourself on the back.
Meghan McCain's not a conservative...any more than her father is.

 
Congrats  Megan , as Dem I look forward to hearing your view. Senator McCain thanks for your service to our country in the Senate .
John did you negotiate Meghan's job before or after you voted no on Obamacare. Was this in exchange to betray your constituents? #traitor
She sucks just like you
I'm not sure
You have an amazing Daughter she is truly amazing.
I’d rather watch paint dry then watch the View!
With her leftist friends, never made it before 2 stupid n corrupt like father  MCGimmick ...set up 4 his job when he dies in DC ...obamacare
She was raised by maverick, then the whole thing makes perfect sense
She deserves better
Your dad is a Traitor and should be in prison, presidential pardon for treason during Vietnam

Native Indians had found in 84 that marijuana cures cancer ,
Think Megan is a flop..
So rude toJoyB.  Whoopie as mother hen is not good viewing.  Yuck
Where is the dislike button? 
Sic'em girl! 
It's too bad We the People are totally disappointed in you, John McCain. #RINO
We the people think you are stark raving wrong. @SenJohnMcCain is exactly the kind of leader this country needs.
Now if she'd only stop interrupting her betters.  Never learned to sit back & learn the lay of the land before interrupting?
Keeping good company in your world
Welcome to the View
You must be very proud! Awesome!
Congrats
No she sucked ,sorry John.IM not ever watching again.After Trump nothing republicans say matters they sold AMERICA OUT FOR POWER TO RUSSIA.
Disgusting, sellout for the hollywood holdouts
I don’t care for her as a new co- host. I loved this past week before she replaced Jeb
She's a talking head by virtue of the fact she's your daughter.
You’ve lost respect of millions over personal feelings.Your Legacy of Proud American Hero Helping the people is now Petty Vindictive Fool 
Congrats
Welcome Meghan . Make your father and the viewers proud.

BREAKING: #AmericanPravda, @nytimes Part I – Slanting the News & A Bizarre Comey Connection…

Watch the FULL video: …
Right where the #McStains belong, with all the other fluff liberal biddies.
Don't watch liberal TV gossip programs... but good to know that you do.... vote McCain out... unless he pulls a Corker.
So happy to see a Republican on board we need a few more.
She won’t be there long ‘she trying to hard an coming off like other rep assholes ‘just go now!
Spend more time with her John... please retire
Congratulations! and thank you for your service to our country. Your daughter is a great addition to @TheView.
I'm so happy to see her as the new host on the View. She's great on panel today! Congrats
She's too good for these dolts.
“Which has nothing to do with your last name, even a little bit, this is all you honey!”
@MeghanMcCain was terrific! How proud you must be @SenJohnMcCain.
John, you have sold out your leadership responsibilities for your wife’s career in television for the Democrats!at least you are profiting!
Oops daughter
Meghan McCain you do your daddy Proud!!
Congrats, Proud Dad!
Time to join forces with Sen. Corker and remove the cancer from the Oval Office.
Another show I will not be watching
Diid she sniff whoppis ass yet
Please fund CHIP after watching your daughter's debut. She had the benefit of health insurance that should not be taken from other children
You would fit in on that liberal democratic talk show too.
I am not a Conservative, but if she has half your discernment skills w/ other side, I am on board.
Yes. Agree.
John you might want to get a job there too! Your politics sure fit in with Whoopi
I'm a Democrat but I have always liked your daughter.Shes got your guts Sir
Oh yes!!! She did wonderful!!! 
@meghanMcCain is a mixed bag. Can't understand her loyalty to Trump after calling her Dad a loser.
She ain’t no Liz Hassleback,  she’s a Rino just daddy!!!
She got me to watch that horrible show for just a minute…
