John, what have you done for the US?
You are a hypocrite. Failed soldier. Failed senator.
Traitor
US geopolitics goals are archaic.
U.S. ALREADY UNDER MINDED WITH TRUMP AS PRESIDENT
1/ I have never been so afraid as I am now at the direction DJT has taken us, war almost feels eminent,
2/picking fights with the few allies we DO have left 3/ Daca 4/mil.ban on trans 5/ division in our country,and so much, we have alot to fear
North Korea got to this point while you were in office.   You let it happen.  Retire and go off into the sunset!

@realDonaldTrump #fakepresident #Quisling
Well, John, you voted for him.
Aren't you ashamed of the fact you supported this fool during the campaign?! He hates you, made fun of you and still got your support! SAD!
Well your do nothing approach has resulted in today's mess,  20+ years trillions in debt, no repeal,no tax reform, nothing but thanks 4,zero
You're such a Democrat
Johnny, u are the Swamp & sold out the American people yrs ago, and continue w Obamacare. You have ZERO credibility to tell us how to handle
Folly would be a good word to describe Trump is he wasn't in the position he is in. He is dangerous and seriously not funny.
You're a bitter old man.  Feel bad for @MeghanMcCain
I agree @SenJohnMcCain ! I'm an American expat (and AZ voter) in Japan. Trump's actions threaten my safety. What can be done??
DO US A FAVOR AND CHECK YOURSELF INTO OLD AGE HOME
27 mil $ is not relatively small to most of us. Of course you are against anything Pres Trump does. You are a traitor to your party.
For real
After 50 years of doing zilch for the American people you suddenly are the trade master. Blow me
Don't worry John , they won't send you . You can't raise your hands high enough to surrender this time .
Ssssshhhhhh face of corruption
Someone else noticed I see...
Your useless McCain and not supporting the POTUS makes you look like the clown you have become.
Obama gave North Korea billions of dollars and Uranium. Stupid to think of giving North Korea anything....
A Must-read: the treasonous actions of the cowardly McCain. What a disappointment to dad & grandad.#NeverAnAdmiral
http://veteranstoday.com/2015/07/20/tru …
No changes on freeing us from the swamp
27.7 billion to 10.6 billion is not "economically meaningless" another attempt to confuse the American people.
"Shooting-from-the-hip" looks macho to fools. Hope advisors (Kelly?) can moderate.
Traitor!
Trump is President and you are not!
Then remove him from office
Communist!
Senator please do everything you can to impeach Trump; before he blows up the world
Shouldn't you be hanging out with ISIS some more.
You are not the president of the United States yourjust asick old man. Live with it.
You need to retire we are sick of you !!!!!
You guys can achieve more if you work together, enough of this division, I'm sick of it, go have a beer and find common ground for me
Do you spend all of your time finding things to slam the president on? Is that what our taxpayer dollars are paying you for? Anti everything
Interesting to say the least! It is obvious your opinion in economics is not sound. You quote a source that that is hostile politically.
What are the USA's Geo political goals? Sustain the Empire?
Thank heaven McCain, Graham, Flake,  Collins, Murkowski, and Democratic senators are there to keep America safe from clown prince Trumpski!
yes.
John, you're spending way too much time wrapped in the @WSJ, try expanding your sources. Read @Heritage to balance your perspective.
What are you now satellite #FakeNews station So you are just going to slap up negative articles about POTUS #bitteroldman  Have some dignity
How much longer do we have to put up with you resign go out with grace
why you always read WSJ WaPo NYT all liberals fake news
Do nothing Congress enabled NoKo to develop. nuclear weapons.
Forrestal, Keating, wet start, tailhook, McCain Institute, songbird, a life of scandals. Enough Brutus RETIRE.
What's your take on the McCain Institute? Where and to whom is the money being funneled to? Where is the money from, and what cost? RETIRE
I wish you were in the WH, Senator McCain.  America needs more men like you in all levels of government. Get well soon.
You are a Democrat, like Arlen Spector, change you party and stop the charade.
Then impeach him!!
And I'm supposed to listen to a man that brags about graduating 894/899 from the Naval Academy? Not cute being a contrarian octarian. RETIRE
The hell with geopolitics it's about #MAGA get the he'll out of the way
Retire!!!!!!!!
Senator we don't care what you think all we care about is that you retire do the right thing for the United States
#TraitorMcCain
You had better stay alive to see the impeachment of Trump . We ate depending on you
What have you ever done for the people and the state of AZ in all those years in your senate seat? You and the Flake.

You are the folly McCain.
Trump & Co are ruining this country.
trade deficit w/China out of balance for years. You've done nothing. Only language they understand is $$. Have to get their attention.
you are a very sick sick man who does NOTHING for America
Wow! You need to retire and go away from politics. You have truly lost your way. You've served honorably, but it's time to give it up.
No, John is on fire.  He is the light at the end of the tunnel.  He is a republican with a heart and a brain which is a rare combination.
Head under rock? All of America there with you?
We get fed news food. What the average voter can palate. You were there all along and others



#Pitchfork #Election #2018 !
Omg you just suck so bad
#Trumpism Is not Conservatism. 
If not stopped, Trump will destroy America. Putin wins his undeclared WAR on AMERICA. Be a hero-again, John.
Retire
More support for your President I see!
Is this the Tweet Soros sent you today?? You have been exposed as one of Soros minions. God help this Country with snakes like u lurching .
Please.Senator, with your stab in back behavior on Republican issues and ur back door deals with Soros, u have made this country unsafe !
Mc Cain and Obama working together against POTUS
No kiddin , and they don't care about THIS
YOU & 7 others are the reason Obamacare has NOT be Repealed & Replaced.  STEP DOWN NOW; you are NOT a Hero, but rather a TRAITOR.
PLEASE JOHN MCCAIN WON'T YOU JUST RETIRE AND FOCUS ON YOUR CANCER...YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING FOR THIS COUNTRY

TRAITOR! Lied for years to the american people about Repeal and Replace
I believe folly and wisdom are next door neighbors
let's see...
Must read @SenJohnMcCain screws America with no vote. Thanks traitor
I agree great job Senater McCane
Great job from this traitor you're kidding right
Get out of politics and retire! You are losing it!!
Oh so worried about Koreans, but you were happy to tank US health care reform --Mr. Last in Your Class.
Let's see who has been in U.S. leadership while NK has become a nuclear power. Oh that's right it's YOU.
Must read where did you get the 9 million dollars you blab your mouth all day long a simple question  who gave you the nine million
FIXED: Trump’s Korean Trade Policy: Protectionist threats undermine U.S. lobbyist and crony goals"
Why don't you slither off into the sunset and cease your endless blathering. You're useless as a GOP Senator and a liar to boot!!
I used to admire you, but not anymore! You have become a hateful politician. Your criticism serves no useful purpose
Ur so jealous of Trump u can't see straight. The American people are done with ur spiteful antics u r no hero to us to never have been.

No criticism of Obama letting them get to this point over HIS 8 FULL YEARS huh Mr AntiTrumper Dem in disguise?
Says the guy who lied to the American People about repealing ACA.

The logic being ...the longer Trump is in power the less influence we will have! Gosh the GOP's fear mongering and greed had worked wonders!
The only "must read" will be when the announcement comes that Vietnam songbird @SenJohnMcCain is no longer in the Senate betraying the USA.
WOW  SENATOR NO!....ANY THING TRUMP...HATE HATE HATE SCREW AMERICA ITS ABOUT HATE  HATE PRES TRUMP
U would be the guy to rush in B4 exhausting all diplomatic & only then go with the UN & china support. u were soft on N Korea when U ran.
to create a major military engagement between the US and NK i.e. Asia. Cementing Trump's presidency and thus tearing America apart...
Oh John you can't stop hating your Presidential
You are still a traitor. Your day is coming
Wise up Rise up Stand up for America Stand up for President Trump
