Love trumps hate!
Winning pussy! Your not a republican you don't need to be in office your to old and mentally not right it's about the people not vengeance
What a loser thanks for killing millions of Americans
McCain is probably the only Democrat to meet them.
Nice show for the cameras.
Retire you old p.o.s!!!
How can I respect you as a Navy Officer if you betray your Party and the Americans who voted for you because you won't repeal Obamacare?
No one better to bring our heartfelt expression of condolescence!  Good man, Senator!
another opportunity to show how John can be an EGO maniac
Always "sorry" never proactive...
how about the families whose men died on the ship you were on after explosion
-John, why did this happen ( on UR WATCH)? This is a HUGE embarrassment to the United States of America!
How could anyone want that traitor there. 188 men died on a ship he caused damaged.Then the hero he's not hide.
I don't understand how I can type something read it and it types out different.The hero than went and hide
Glad someone did, I doubt #45 did
WE must solve these problems. What happened should never have occurred with loss of lives.
What a jerk. And a joke. And a complete disappointment to the Admirals, pop and grandpop. The one thing they couldn't bribe or buy for you.
Why are you not meeting with the victims of obamacare. Oh that is right, you support obamacare and you lied to us in the campaign.
Where is 45
Bet his fellow captures hope they never meet his treasonous ass again. He sold them out for his own comfort. True Scum Bag. No Hero at all
He is a bitter, angry old man, this will be his legacy
Yuck!
You have no reason to be proud of him. He has left middle America down... AGAIN
But McCain won't meet with families in Ariz who are paying 116% higher premiums and have lost healthcare coverage for loved ones
he is still a jerk
Thankyou Sen McCain!!!! For thinking of the American people! Irresponsible for the rest to hurry and pass anything
How about the victims of obamacare that you voted to keep. You have one more chance to repeal it. Keep your promise or be known as a liar.
Please also support the families of the potential victims of this terrible healthcare bill.  Vote NO!
He is such a good man 
I like this guy... a truly great American.
He has his moments
Did president trump say anything about the dead and injured? I haven't seen anything

@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  we beg you to please do the right thing this is not a party issue it's a human rights issue https://twitter.com/ToDropADime2/status/910924614976643073 …
http://Love.this.man .

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Do you ever do anything important, what a deuchebag.
Liar.
The last couple you talked to were  Theresa & Sid Palmer. Their son Logan died saving lives on the McCain. Please repair our Military NOW
Man of integrity, putting others 1st with honorable empathy. An example of what an American should be, PROUD!
God bless your Dad . He didn’t have to do this and yet he does because that is the integrity and caring he exemplifies . TY @SenJohnMcCain


My daughter will be a victim of #GrahamCasiddy if it passes. Save us from catastrophic legislation and vote no.

RT until the world knows the truth about #TraitorMcCain
Nixon pardoned him or he would have gone to prison
His records are finally unsealed 
Thank you for meeting the families. So much of the humanity of the Legislation, & most certainly the WH, has gone away. We OWE them explanat
NO on #GrahamCassidy. Leaves Americans (Vets) uninsured, ends the ban on lifetime caps, charges more for pre-existing conditions. Bad bill.
TRUMPCARE IS A TAX CUT FOR THE RICH
#VOTENO
Letting people die because they are too poor to afford healthcare is a hell of a way to be remembered. How many will be veterans?
Please help kill this health care bill.
Its the worst one yet
America hopes  to see JohnMcCain do a repeat 
All people need health coverage when accidents or illnesses occur. Please note "NO" on #GrahamCassidy   It does not serve Americans well
Please Sen. McCain....don't take away the healthcare your currently receiving to those who may need it in the future and can't afford it.
Rushing bills through to law in order to save face politically regardless of consequence is not governing. Please do the right thing, Sir.
Senator McCain, now is the time to protect the lives of people you fought for in war. We need you. Save our healthcare & our hope! Vote no!
We wanted to meet with you too, but couldn't get your time  our kids and families matter! Please so No to Graham-Cassidy bill!
Please stand up for Reservists & Nat Guards who need ACA because of prexisting conditions to remain world-wide ready #SaveACA
McCain...always too late. Under your "watch", John.
The reason no bill has passed is bc they've been horrible for Am taxpayers and are donor-driven. Millions are counting on your no vote! ACA
Will you also meet with the families whose members are killed by the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill ? Please work on bipartisan solution.
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill. Don't ram thru a bill that will hurt millions and doesn't even have a CBO score! Regular order! Plz
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy. Availability doesn't mean anything if you can't afford it! #FixACA, with bipartisan legislation! Please!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. This draconian bill will cut access to healthcare for millions of Americans.
Another Trump hater
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain 
With all the noise & distraction, it seems the entire country forgot about them
How about you meeting the families that Lindsay Graham's horrible healthcare bill  will seriously harm.
If you didn't have lots of $ available would you be able to afford your cancer treatment w/ insurance? This is what we face if U vote Yes.
This country that you so honorably served is praying that you will NOT vote to take r healthcare away & continue to serve US, not ur friend.
We know Lindsay is a close friend, but U work for all of us and we need you to be here for us now like U were during the last repeal attempt
Just another Trump hater
Just anther voter w/ a brain unlike trump base. Won't tolerate being lied to as he does when his mouth is open.Don't hate him, am revolted.
Please vote no on the new healthcare bill! Please please please. Be the man of integrity I know that you are.
Millions of vets would lose healthcare under #GrahamCasiddy please have moral courage and vote NO on this bill.
Wow... where are you people coming from?
You know John I'm starting think you are just out for revenge on Donald Trump and don't care about fixing our medical.
If u switch & vote 2 repeal 4 pal Graham, u will hurt millions of poor & disabled children, Sen. And u will dishonor the McCain name 4ever.
Republicans want to pass HC plan to take money from Obama care and put in tax plan for the rich. Don't be that Rep. Senator vote NO
What about cassidy-Graham are you going to vote for something no better than the last time you voted No. It's not about friendship is it?
"so, do you got another son who can serve in his place? that oil isn't going to steal itself."
Nice of him. Now he can make a trip overseas to see the troops in combat zone.
I can't believe your trying to take something sacred from the Apache people. Do you know what sacred is ?
Just found out who owns you.
It's going to be hard to find another like @SenJohnMcCain. A principled man of integrity.
may god bless the hearts of the families affected and bring peace in this time of need. Aloha
Sick and disabled people are waiting to hear what you are going to do. Quit torturing them.
  Have the courage to tell them your vote.
atonement - never enough for "NO" vote....
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fattribution_link%3Fa%3D65-W0kb8V44%26u%3D%252Fwatch%253Fv%253D27BuVXz3Y-I%2526feature%253Dshare&h=ATOp2k5VYWcDIFkvURUNXEv_bPEhyG6u8cXUmCQjAwVpegFVGIuaE8P2eBo9EmP1ukogdSSw31ut7lDBTRNr6ffvNxDi9Sy9vOzC1YvWbbSvHBmueCxAAJ6HsPYvJ2VtcoAejW3j464rxIiNF1ugYVgkVoxBvfnxeph3t-DPoM5Ed1WIaymAyzHssWy6k-_K6xhZ6TE6ufBY4MT_cib0H9EqV_hciTRpIJvklOYm-n9MrUowFEkEshT-70ORGIPGSmN95Ed7zGb3RKWYJK-bicpsqOzQ8EMwdA …
Please save my AZ healthcare. Vote no
Hope he Meets with Familes that will lose Health care if He Don't Vote NO on this next GOP bill. With No Coverages. Please help Americans .
VOTE FOR REPEAL OF SOCIALISM/OBAMACARE OR THE SILENT MAJORITY, AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONALISTS, WILL VOTE YOU OUT. We will REMEMBER. 

THANK YOU

And if #GrahamCassidy passes, vets injuries would be pre-existing conditions.  VOTE NO @SenJohnMcCain
Wrong for Arizona, Wrong for America, especially if you want to #ProtectOurCare #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid Do you wish to make America LAST?
You ready to start meeting constituents who will lose their health care if this bill passes?
Insurance companies, governors, AMA, Heart & Lung Assoc, AARP, VETS, March of Dimes. List goes on & on w/ppl who KNOW healthcare who say NO!

NEW: Health insurers take a stand against Graham Cassidy ACA repeal.

That's patients, doctors, hospitals,seniors, insurers,…
17% Americans support this disaster healthcare bill.  Why would u not stand for vast majority who proudly watched u put country over party?
#GrahamCassidy hurts veteran families. We don't even know how deeply, because no CBO. You KNOW this is wrong. Vote NO!
Be remembered for bravery, integrity, empathy, and kindness. Vote no to #GrahamCassidy.
Please vote NO  to Graham-Cassidy bill  IMMORTAL & INHUMANE
No more political games w/ people's lives & healthcare.
Do not forget when you were at the hospital. For sure it felt good to have 
a great health ins. cover. Don't we deserve the same Senator?
Where is the moral and patriotism
Where is the love for your country and respect for our democracy.
Where are  we going Senator?
Maybe are you threatened by the white house. 
Where is the war hero?
Can you explain what is the hurry to pass Graham Cassidy bill without going through a public hearing?
What R U reps afraid of?
McCain is enjoying good health on the US dime.  You're Welcome McCain! VOTE NO!
Save the people, Kill the Bill !
Please don't take our healthcare away ! Please. Healthcare should not just be for the privledged.
Thank you Senator McCain. Please don’t allow this new health care bill to be passed. It is worse than its predecessors. Country over party!!
Senator cement your legacy of always voting your conscious, vote no on latest "health" bill.
#KillTheBill NO GRAHAM-CASSIDY!
Help heal the #ACA, don't kill it!
What about people with preexisting conditions ? Why shouldn't they have coverage? They did not choose to get sick?
There is a lot of hurt going on in the USA-natural disasters, human disasters, #trumpcare.
Please vote no on horrible health care bill!!!
Pls vote  #NOGRAHAMCASSIDY. U hold our lives in ur handStay Strong for us! Country Over Party
John please vote no to repeal ACA
Only 17% support G&C bill. Are u 4 us or donors? Pulse do ethical thing.
John Mccain is a #SwampMuppet
Incorrect
Correct
So apparently trumps army and Libs agree that McCain is a swampmuppet?  If either of you were even half the person he is.
If? Good grief. Read a history book. He's a ballsless backstabber and is certainly no hero dipshit.
Calm down shit for brains
Omg, I voted for Hillary and even I think youre a fucking crazy psychotic bitch - you best sit down before you hurt yourself

(202) 224-2131 is the no. to call today to tell your senator to stop #GrahamCassidy. It's a matter of life and death. Can we get 1K calls?
The Koch Brothers own Senator John McCain and all of the "spineless" GOPthreatening to hold back $400+Mill@2018 primaries. #GrahamCassidy
Vote no on GOP deathcare!

Plz save ACA!

#impeachTrumpnow

Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Great message from @POTUS at the UN. American leadership is needed now more than ever. We must stand by our allies and confront our enemies.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Arizona citizens will be hurt badly by GrahamCassidy bill, Vote No!
Oh he cares about Arizona that's news to me
Senator McCain we cannot take care away insurance from vets, women and the needy! Vote No, on GrahamCassidy bill do the right thing!
I know you care as deeply for the millions of Americans affected by this horrible GOP HealthCareBill. It’s wrong and you know it.
Vote "NO" against Cassidy's awful bill.  Don't make this awful bill be part of your legacy.
THIS IS WHAT SINCERITY LOOKS LIKE. WITH ALL HIS HEALTH ISSUES, SEN MCCAIN HAS THE COMPASSION TO REACH OUT TO OTHERS AND GIVE THEM COMFORT!
My cousin passed last Nov. from the same cancer you are battling. Praying! Vote "NO" against Cassidy's awful bill before you leave us.
Senator McCain, please vote NO on the Cassidy/Graham bill, while you think of its potential victims. Hold the GOP accountable to America!
#GrahamCasiddy it's swell that you and these soldiers are covered by health care.
Please keep the millions of Americans who have preexisting conditions in mind, who face financial ruin if ACA is repealed. NO on repeal!
Little Linda I guess you pay zero I pay $4,000 a month so I could pay for you people that pay zero get a clue
When will the GOP stop lying?
.@jimmykimmel to Sen. @BillCassidy: “There’s a new ‘Jimmy Kimmel Test’ for you. It’s called a lie detector test.” http://abcn.ws/2wxaboJ  
PLEASE VOTE AGAINST TRUMPCARE!!!!
McCain trying to reach out befor his career comes to and end. Keep trying to kiss up your done !!!
Hope they asked him how after 30 years in Congress he oversaw this deterioration. #RetireMcCain
So "the door isn't shut yet"? Why are we back around to this? Why deny all the Americans health care and kill those ppl? Did we not have
your word on that vote John? I am sincerely concerned.

Such a wonderful man!
Class act.
McCain, I hope this time you will not stab these families in the back with ObamaCare. Do you hate them & America? Seems like it. @POTUS
John McCain is the very definition of a patriot and American Hero.
No CBO score? No input from insurance and hospitals? Dems? You guys are setting a bad precedent. One day Dems will be in power. Don't do it!
Your last HC vote gave me hope there's still decent people in the party. A diff vote will show me that there isn't! Do the right thing sir!
Hypocrite they will see right through you
Seriously? GOP are using grieving families as human shields during the #Trumpcare debates? Well, except there are no Trumpcare debates.
Great message from @POTUS at the UN. American leadership is needed now more than ever. We must stand by our allies and confront our enemies.
Dear Senator McCain. Graham-Cassidy is worse than the bill you voted against. Protect these brave people. Kill the bill.
I'd have knocked him out cold.
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!!!
FIFY:Traitor to our nation, twice @SenJohnMcCain

Forrestal, wet start, songbird, Keating, tailhook (chasing hookers), McCain Institute. A lifetime of shame and corruption. RETIRE Brutus
Once again, CSPAN and RINO @SenJohnMcCain PANDERING to veterans.
Filthy McCain
Supposing that the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is really so brilliant, why attempt to sneak it through on a narrow Republican mandate?
Because it's a surprise. Like Nancy said with Obamacare you have to vote for it to see what's in it. Then shoved it down our throats.
McCain is a war mongering fraud.
