@kattuck1959 @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS LOCK HIM UP HE'S A FAKE!!!
veterans before refugees- this is nation wide at every VA
Don't spend $500 Billion a year on murdering people in other countries for PROFIT. It could have been spent on curing cancer!
and replaced with a plan for all. the agency can do other things for vets. appears they do nothing with large bureaucracy
just make it medicare for all! it works well and our vets deserve the best. they get the least with the VA. VA should be gone
Yeah and the Choice Program is not any better. Drs off we went to was nasty. Other appts were never set up 6mths trying
Wrong! This wasn't about choice! This was about a failure to fund medical care for our service men & women! #American_shame!
You are not a republican. You sir, are for sale to the highest bidder- regardless of if they are a foreign interest or enemy
Choice card means nothing if doctors won't accept it. And they don't.
what have you done for VETS??
You never supported our POTUS & constantly try to obstruct. Bowing to your globalist masters $$. Facts are leaking- Drip Drip
Get behind our POTUS. You gave the discredited dossier to FBI. We know. Of course u want no investigation into leaks.
Vets tells me the SD VA is great.
How about Senators use their local VA- that would foster improvements.
You use this system
how exciting
Azerbaijan. The foreign version of RICO. Drumpf a minor money-launderer for mafia Donny Putin. Wilbur's mid-level laundry.
act like a republican PLEASE!!!!!!!
good for him!  Senator Kamala Harris for the President of the USA,  maybe Tammy Duckworth for V.P  elect women!
right in YOUR backyard. Fix that instead of bashing POTUS
Retire. You can't praise him w 1 of your 2 faces and rail about him w other. It's like being in but only to 1 knuckle.
And who is being held accountable for this $2.5m va law suit award.
this is what you get when quantity is more imp than quality and exams are only 15 min long close Va go prob MD
Trump is really loosing it....Please do something -speak out against this mad man!!
what are you and the  Republicans going to do about Trump. He is losing it and taking all of us down with him. HELP!
you have been in the senate forever. What have you done for our vets?
yes please ..he is Mr Obvious Traitor
will I be able to afford Trumpcare?
why aren't you talking about Obamacare repeal? We don't need a maverick we need a team that gets things done. Join it.
Eliminate the VA. Take the VA money and allow vets to go to any doctor and gov't pays.
Another veteran let down by VA.Need massive firings of top VA executives. Complete overhaul of VA.
Vets, like the rest of us peons, will have a lot less choice when #TRUMP & the #GOP is done gutting #ACA
If you were such a shill for HRC and @georgesoros  and a Vietnam traitor, we might agree. You will be gone, McStabber.
Respectfully disagree; this is an argument for saving the #PhoenixVA, not for what amounts to vouchers. Many VA's are superb.

Soro's too.
If universal health care is bad for regular people, why should it be forced on the military?
Sad...from a retired USAF member.
xPOSd Caught TRICKIN #USA #Veterans 4 #SaudiArabia To Avoid Paying 9/11 VICTIMS #JASTA #NEWYORK #NYC #NYPD @nypost @NYPDnews
, now you care about vets??? Please can't wait until your voted out! Traitor!!
I have been waiting for physical therapy since last August thanks to a PA who has ignored request for an appointment.
Will your attention span be long enough to get the job done? 894/899
@nbcsandiego and what about San Diego
they denied a twin disc mri... bci was homeless
Choice Card program as it is now is a Joke! U have to go thru trwest to approve an get appts. Why not a true outside prigram
/ Why you sitting on your "ASS" while @realDonaldTrump destroys our democracy?? #TRUMPGATE #TRUMPRUSSIA #TRUMPGATE
human trafficking connections
What will happen to Veterans' care if HBill307 passes forcing Govt to only offer Congress/Staff Dept Vet Affair care?
yeah I can't understand well veterans don't have a choice card mr. McCain
.@SenJohnMcCain  now we need to work on the VA home loans group. #garbage VM is full 600 email backlog
I want to help veterans all we can!! I ask that U MAKE SURE this crappy healthcare bill dies before we do! It is NOT GOOD!
time2privatize VHA! Also,$Billions wasted maint./managing 100s of properties & $Billions wasted w/poorly managed&unnecessary new projects
Senator McCain have you apologized to Corryn Owens yet for criticizing the mission her husband gave his life for?
I agree Choice Cards would help, but I believe we shld also focus on making VAs the vanguard of Quality healthcare.
Unfortunately, the VA, still likes to keep control. Before we can use the Choice Card they need to approve the use.
we have the choice card here
The VA has been LAX on the care of our vets.
You Republicans must have forgotten you have the majority. Why don't you get busy and stop whining
well thanks OBAMA! Taking better care of immigrants than you did our American Veterans! Most are homeless!
getoff your ass McCain and stop this Paul Ryan jerk from screwing seniors, like you. If you were like us?
opposed the new healthcare law more people will fall between the cracks with it
Because  you have ignored the VA Senator.
