Isn't it time you change your party affiliation, hate seeing a democrat lying saying he's a Republican.
Then tell Obama to stop his grandstanding and his grandeous ego trip over "not" bombing something! Biggest puskins president ever!
Bullshit McCain!!
You are wrong sir. What has happened to you? You were my hero
Stop pretending to be a republican.
Pick a side
Yeah, let's not talk about the fact that when he asked to to take action your party blocked him.
So now McCain is deflecting for trump ?
So you crap on about Obama too. Good to know.
You don't get the American people.  This is why you would never be elected President.
Wrong.  It showed your word meant nothing. It was an act of cowardice in the face of the enemy. Above all you failed humanity!  Shameful
Let it goooooo
His upcoming book is entitled profiles in Bullshit
I do not remember you demanding a special counsel for Fast and Furious.
Pay attention to today, not yesterday, Senator. There's a traitor in the White House. What are you doing about it?
He's saying one thing and voting another. Slave to his party.
Obama was and still a joke when it comes to the middle east
You're better than this @SenJohnMcCain, please don't! We need heroes right now, not partisans
Maybe instead of criticizing Obama you should look within your own party.
I could give his argument serious consideration if he hadn't disqualified it with his bit of red line brilliance.
You ever been POTUS? Look within your own party and stop trying to blame shift to Obama. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I wish he had bombed Syria, but let's not pretend that going against the wishes of both parties doesn't require political courage either.
You don't like #TRUMP sissy boy #McCain. Your little feelings got a boo boo when he said you weren't a War Hero.
A hero saves lives. He saved his own. He is an old goat who should step down or die, whatever. Hated him for years. U don't have 2 approve
Ah...so when you helped your party block Obama from acting on Syria that was voicing values. Now you troll him. Senator you are a hypocrite
Exactly!
Obama was and is a joke.
@SenJohnMcCain Republican version of @SenHarryReid wonders never cease.
Trumps military action accomplished nothing especially when it was announced ahead of time. Assad is still killing!
Can't make it up... Trump leaks classified info to Russians.
Ha. O certainly not synonymous with courage.
I supported UR presidential campaign,supported U when others chastised U  I will never ever support U ever again after ur recent actions
Do you condone *45 bombing without Congressional approval? Get the #putinpuppet out! More important than Obama bashing!
Yes, I condone the bombing. BHO drew a line in the sand.  The coward didn't keep his word.  It only lead to Assad doing it yet again.
You're in power now but still spend most of you day reading about Obama. Good.
You don't/can't remember Obama coming to Congress for authorization?
Very true. Better as we do now, arm people on both sides of the same battle line?
Phew!  Was wondering when you'd get back on the Trump train
You know, he wanted to drop bombs. Just needed congressional approval. Wait: Republicans (you) blocked that. Can't make it up.
#respect
You may want to take a page out of the political courage book Senator.  Maybe read it between visits with the Russians.
How DARE you come with snark when you are letting that orange buffoon endanger the very foundations of this country!
SHAME ON YOU!!!
Uhm, can we talk about something a bit more pressing? Like the fact that there's an effin' lunatic in the WH and you're doing jack?
Stop saying Obama did nothing! We were bombing everyday! That's not nothing. What is Trump doing , causing chaos
I agree that Obama is being ridiculous and like many Demwits trying to rewrite history! So many lies from MSM and politicians! O spying?
Speaking of political courage.. GET SOME
Yeah let's worry about Obama while trump is handing out intel to the Russians. Remember when you were honorable?  Country over party Jonny.
You have lost your credibility, your actions speak louder than your words. I hope you hang your boots soon. Do something or shut up!!!
JohnMcCain the loser & coward. Our country is occupied by Russia thru Trump, yet you're tweeting out OBAAAMAA! All you Rs are insane.
And then he bombed the f-ck out of them later.  How about YOU, John? Did you ever consider NOT bombing something?
@LindseyGrahamSC Can't make up the fact you people are doing absolutely nothing to stop @POTUS #WTF is wrong with you? #GOPHatesAmerica
It did. Because like the invasion of Somalia everyone wanted to do it but no one thought it through.
McCain wants to bom bom bom bomb everyone
How about you focus on the shit show happening now instead of the past.
You know what takes courage? Impeaching a president from your own party but I think it's time, don't you?
No Obama went around the world Kissing everyone ass and depleting our military.
You are unbelievable. Do you know that? Retire since you can't do your job faithfully for your constituents and America's good.
I'm so done with your shit. You ACT outraged with 45, but then do nothing about it and actively tweet shit like this.
Easy to cast the 1st stone but where were you and the Republicans when Obama followed the law and institutional protocol??
Congress was warning President Obama they'd impeach if he did ANYTHING in Syria OR Libya without a new AUMF. And you KNOW this! Don't lie!
Where is your COURAGE GET THat traitor out of the white house along with the rest of his adminstration you'll still mad over a black Po B
THIS is what you're focused upon? After POTUS gives Intel to Russians? Who love Syria? But "thanks Obama"! That's what you come up w?
WTF has gotten into you, John? You are on your last term and siding with #traitorTrump?
While bombing Syria was an afterthought/poll booster for a feckless, clueless man baby. Have some integrity!
Can't make it up? Traitor in WH putting resources OF OUR ALLIES IN DANGER TODAY! HE gave the intel to his BFFs, the Russians for FUN! & EGO!
Bigger fish to fry right now @SenJohnMcCain . Oh, and your hood is showing.
We know you love obama we get it
You are concerned with THIS, right now senator?! Did you miss Trump *most recent* high crime?
as I recall Congress refused to act when asked by the President for Authorization.

I also recall Sen McCain advising "bomb" - everywhere !
I was furious with PBO for not acting on Red Line #Syria but the man was right. Just don't give  RL! DO SOMETHING ABOUT trump
Quit worrying about Obama. Stop betraying Veterans by letting the Koch's destroy the VA. Stand up for your country & get rid of Trump!
yes.
where's your courage with protecting the country from Trump and the Russians ?
Because throwing a few random bombs to an irrelevant target in an airport that was operational minutes later was very effective? 
It's so easy to send our men into battle politically  If you have a conscience it isn't is it?
Wow, what a joke of senator!  Worry about 45 and go your job!
Your answer to every political situation is to bomb. There are real ppl under the rubble, Senator.
Senator- thank you for your patriotism and service to our country. These days, when you look in mirror and see a "disturbed" man r u proud?
You were  WHIMP OBAMA!!!! Go away!!!!!
Trump, 
Russia collusion 
Treason leaking IC report to Russia
Firing lead on Russia investigation b/c of investigation 
Etc
Etc
Etc
...
...
John why don't you just admit it. You're a Democrat!
It DID require political courage!  Where is yours?
Can't make it up - DC Republicans who say the are Christians and patriots turn their backs on America!
Obama wasn't funded by the MIC like you, John. Do you get a kickback for every bomb we drop? Sure seems that way.
Maybe you should focus on our current President's security disaster.
Probably because the 2013 sarin attack was disproven within days and the evidence presented at the Whitehouse. Same with the bus convoy.
Wiith all due respect, he asked Congress for backing and you guys turned him down. Defusing the weapons was a reasonable solution at time
you have a lot on your plate now that must be dealt with including impeachment of Trump.  We don't want to hear your whining
Please this buffoon in the WH IS A DANGER TO OUR COUNTRY! EMOLUMENTS, NEPOTISM, GIVING RUSSIA TOP SECRET INFO, TAXES WHO KNOWS HIS MOTIVES!
He's gone. Let the piece of shit stay gone.
Here's an idea. Pay attention to Trump not Obama. Our democracy is at stake. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Can't make this up, McCain lost because of Sarah... giddy up mustang
Move on sir. Or move over.
Partisan memory loss: Top Republicans who opposed Syria attack under Obama are now praising Trump's strike. CNN
Updated 8:27 PM ET, 4/8 2017
Let's not change the subject sir. Our country is in grave danger beacuse of our imbecile of a president. Grave danger & the GOP is to blame
WHAT?!! This Russian crime novel is the thing you couldn't even make up! Obama's gone! Focus on the present!
You are bringing this up today when the country is in Crisis because of Trump
Not adding more bombs to the Syrian villages and families is courageous.
And your answer is? Hilarious bush brought this shit on and you were right there with him. Nit wits.
U GO Obama - literally- go please
Respect your service senator but damn grow a pair
wheres GOP courage to challenge trump lies, ignorance and dangerous behavior? Your lastj chance to show leadership
Seriously???  All due respect, I think you should worry about current POTUS right now - and get your cohorts to find integrity.
Well we now know how russian bombing is going. Allows syria to gas citizens. If I were u I'd worry about trump's reveal of classified info.
Showing signs of dementia, John.
Giving Russians warning to warn Assad, can't seriously consider that a military strike or effective in any way. Can't make it up.
Maybe you can actually do something. I have seen nothing accomplished. Assad still there. Russia still there. Your watch now.
Honestly everything we touched out there turned to crap. We can't impose our values & culture where no wanted. It saved our sons & daughters
Have you seen your own party? The GOP & Trump are running country like a company w disregard of Constitution & democracy w checks & balances
Got most of the chemicals weapons which could have been used against Americans
This is really relevant right now, isn't it? You think Trump is doing a good job then?
Sir:  please respond to what is happening now. The GOP needs to speak up!  Take action
Keep your EYE on the DAMN ball MCCAIN! #IndependentInvestigation #country over party
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-revealed-highly-classified-information-to-russian-foreign-minister-and-ambassador/2017/05/15/530c172a-3960-11e7-9e48-c4f199710b69_story.html ….
You do not deserve to talk @BarackObama when you have a mad man in office!
I know you would have had the courage to bomb many, many people, Senator.
What we can't make up is the treasonous behavior from POTUS and you doing nothing....
he did ask Congress for permission to. He wanted a bipartisan decision. Are you against that or should it always be an executive action?
Missing something. Takes courage-pol or otherwise-to order others to bomb a state??

Media-Barnum Trump "bcm prez" when ordered air strikes.
Know what we can't makeup? U abating a Russian agent POTUS revealing classified info 2 Russians #INTHEOVALOFFICE! U aide #treason! #Impeach
did he have support when he brought it to you? LOOK AT WHAT IS HAPPENING IN WH RIGHT NOW! ARE YOU AMERICAN OR GOP?
Armchair quarterbacking old games?
RUSSIA.
GO BACK TO SLEEP...
Priorities Senator, please! Your president leaked classified info to the Russians! Is that ok with you?
You need to focus on Donald Twatwallet.
Weak is what that is called.
And so would republicans standing up to Trump for the constitution and Americans.
Point? What good is this??
warmonger. shut up!
You might want to focus on your traitor boss...  PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!!!  IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!
We know the famous 'war hero' loves bombs. Good, go somewhere in the Middle East, maybe you will see one really close.
Quit trashing past POTUS & investigate THIS ONE!
Can't make it up.... Your wife is seeking a position with Trump administration
HUH? yup watch out for more of these guys &girls John @VP @POTUS @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenFeinstein
I'm disappointed in myself that I ever had respect for you. For shame.
Spare us your faux patriotism when u enable team treason to rule. Send back ur medals.
The way you just whored your obligations & punted the Trump/Russian blunder, you should probably keep your response on this one to yourself
As opposed to bombing Syria without Congressional approval? You are a joke Senator. Trump just gave Russia confidential info. Do your job.
Can't make it up. 45 giving intel to Russians in Oval Office. Like a little kid. Can't keep a secret.  #cantmakeitup
Easy to criticize guy in other party who isn't POTUS anymore. That's all the political courage you can muster
Do you have the political courage to do anything at all anymore? Other than vague statements about trump?
Can't make it up ... Trump revealed highly classified info to Russians. McCain says he has a right to do that.
Can't make it up…Trump reveals classified intel to Russia & u say "he's allowed to." He's put intel in grave danger.
I like you and all but maybe focus on the current guy in the WH who is leaking secrets to Russia.
And, oh, Senator McCain, he says you're not a hero because you were captured.
John McCain, we need your support to reclaim America.
Can't make it up... Trump said "you were not a war hero, remember he said you got caught"
You epitomize everything wrong with your party.  Talk tough on the president, then vote strictly party line no matter what.  Now blabbering.
You've got other stuff to deal with right now. #specialprosecutor
45 will drag you all down and history will remember that you did not stand up when you should have #Complicit
R u serious right now? How about you focus on what your party is doing, especially your president. #Complicit
Forget Obama.  What are you going to do about Trump revealing classified material to the Russians??? Our country is in danger - DO SOMETHING
Of all the things going on today, including YOUR president disclosing classified info to the Russians & this is what you focus on?
Really senator?? You're talking abt obama as trump is clouding w/ Russians, giving up national secrets....are you serious right now?!?!
So what! Stop the fuckin traitor in the whitehouse!
He could have bombed Syria if you and your Republican colleagues would have given auth when he asked. Politically courageous to honor Const.
Can't make it up, Trumo gave classified info to the Russians.
They didn't gas when Obama was in...
Why don't you try directing your outrage at your own treasonous party? You may all be going down
This tweet lands more than a little flat in light of your President's admitted obstruction of justice and leaks directly to Russian spies
How about going after someone who is actually in office doing real damage to national security.
While U R focusing attention on the last president, the current one is giving the Russians sensitive intel in the Oval Office. Priorities?
Are you fucking kidding me with this McCain? You are sitting back and watching the current POTUS burn it all down and this is what you post?
bombing #syria obviously did a lot of good when @potus did it #not. On top of that his #muslimban keeps them out.
Can't make it up, John McCain ignores the fact Trump shared classified info with the Russians.  Another traitor.
I sincerely wish you would show some courage in standing against treasonous disclosures of intel from your own party
@washingtonpost would like to have a word with you.
You know what else you can't make up?  @POTUS giving classified INTEL to not-an-ally Russia.  So far #GOP is failing 100% of the time.
Like you're so brave Senator? Mr. "Well he's the President so I guess he gets to." Country first my a...
