I prefer Jed! Firing her was ridiculous!
I really like how Meghan says let me finish to Jiy. Please stop interrupting. Love this show all ladies. My only pet peeve.
Sorry it should read Joy!!
Why?
That’s exactly what I’m thinking Why!
I will no longer be watching the view. I dislike Megan McCain enough to stop watching as of right now. Bye Whoopi and Joy- I will miss you.
I feel the same way. I've watched almost every episode, but I'm not sure I can anymore. I try to think she's a nice person, but #icantdeal
SUNNY HOSTIN A PHONEY. LIVES IN BIG HJOUSE IN WHITE NEIGHORHOOD. SENDS SON TO WHITE SCHOOL. YET SHE PRETENDS TO CARE ABOUT BLACK COMMUNITY
She bought a nice house she wanted & son goes to the neighborhood school. White people also bought homes in same neighborhood.  SO WHAT!!!
SHE RUNS TO WHITE NEIGHORHOOD AND TALKS ON TV BUT DOES NOTHING 4 THE BLACK COMMUNITY. BLACK FLIGHT HAS RUINED MANY BLACK NEIGHORHOODS
And what you doing for the blk community NOTHING!! If you were you would be tweeting about that instead of what you think Sunny is not doing
Aren't public HS football programs paid with taxes? Don' want them taking a knee on my dime. A teen with a Social Conscience? #itstheparents
She is a stupid as her dad
Oh No Megan McCain? Terrible choice! But seriously Republican Party has become an enemy of democracy!
I can't tell you the joy it gives me to see you Alt-Right types tearing the GOP apart. Please continue!
No no and no!!
Aren't the women who took payoffs and accepted contributions (like HRC) complicit in Weinstein's crimes?
Sonny ...what abt the other people who also have the constitutional right to want the Flag & anthem honored by standing! Why not just stand
Wasn't sure I would like her coming from Fox and all but she knowledgeable to the point offering a different view fitting in love her
Congrats..was she breaking out in a rash?. Her neck and ears were fire red
All I noticed was her stylist should be fired for that necklace. Made her look like she had neck rolls upon neck rolls &it was choking her.
I didnt notice that. I rjink she was extremely nervous and she started getting red, especially her neck and ears..


Now, if we can just dump Goldberg and Behar...
Ratings will soar!
rich elitist against America=ThatS view puppets r. They do not represent real people. SUNNY HOSTIN SON HAS NO CLUE ABOUT BLACK NEIGHORHOODS
But the statistics prove that more whites are killed by cops than blacks. So kneeling is just inciting racial division…mission accomplished
I dont see any KNEELERS IN CHICAGO WHERE 500 BLACKS HAVE BEEN KILLED BY BLACKS. AND 4500 SHOT. BUT NO ONE WANTS TO TALK ABOUT THAT. PHONIES
Wonder how long it will take for Whoopi,Sunny & Joy to attack Meghan for not agreeing with their view?? Good luck Meghan your gonna need it.
Praying she can hold her own and stand up when she needs to unlike past others who backed down and held their tongue.
I’m with you there
Black have books full of demands=yet they dont respect anyone=including other blacks=they think its all about them--like sunny hostin--smh
Two feebs and a dweeb.
Congratulations! Your tweet using desinformatisiya debate strategy #12: "(mis)Label" has been nominated for today's Desinformatisiya Prize competition! Good luck! Fingers crossed!
I'm trying to like Republicans. I think I can start with Meghan McCain. She seems and sounds like a reasonable human.
Neither McCain is a "republican"
Rebuilding the GOP and replacing RINOs is not tearing it apart.
Sure. Sure. Let's go with that.
People change their minds, imagine that! 
For instance, I used to be a Republican. 
Sorry you went to the dark side. But glad Meghan McCain will go and give her opinions and finally someone that can handle those screechers.
Nope. I saw the light and left the right.
Ok hope you stayed middle and not go to the racist demoncratic party.
probably the most hated least watched show on tv...way to go Meghan
Meghan is stiff.
Not a good choice IMHO. I can feel a difference in the mix already. 1st thing she says is homage to Hasselback. I doubt I'll be watching.
Elizabeth reference turned my stomach.
Same. Theres already some tension between her & Joy. Shes not open to hear other opinions I miss Jedediah even tho I didnt agree w her often
Agreed.  She seems like she just wants to be on a soapbox with the same old tired Faux News bullet points.  Jed was at least personable!
I think so too. She sounded lik the rest of her Faux News bffs Youre right bout Jed at least she was willing to listen rather than attacking
She comes from a mixed race family and I hope she can bring an insight as to how her sister feels. She is loud though
Sure hope she wont be another ELIZABITCH.
I don't think she will be hope not
Won't be watching ever again. This woman is an embarrassment to white women everywhere.
Hillary is the one who is the embarrassment to women!!!
Thanks "patriot," how's that "grab them by the pussy" treating you?
I wouldn’t know because no one has been grabbing my pussy that I don’t want to grab it!! Hillary on the other hand is the worst role model!!
Hopefully @MeghanMcCain represents Republican & not RepugnantCon hate & bigotry #TheresADifference! praise of #Elizabeth not a good start
Agree, same ol’ regurgitated, meaningless talking points, and complete blindness of the ongoing ignorant tweets from the Twitidiot himself!
Sonny ur son shouldn't feel that blacks r not free in this county! We r all free! Sara -slavery is over! We r integrated. Time to let it go!
What world do you live in? Her son should feel however he feels, there's some nasty white people that will always hate & be racist assholes!
Same for Black, Brown Asian whatever Whites aren't the only Racist in the world.
Pretty much they are, I am white, so I know they're worse about it.
WOW--ANOTHER BORING LOSER
Gee Mac, she's only been on for 5 minutes. Or were you talking about yourself? My bad.
No, she started her Trump n Republican bashing after her idiot dad voted againts REPEALING OBAMACARE BECAUSE OF HIS PERSONAL DIFERANCES-LOSE
Welcome Meghan to the family #TheView
You can't be serious!! Sure your black? Smh
I am black
On thee outside only
Im a true Democrat. But it is nice to watch the daughter of a true American Hero. Welcome to the View.
Good luck on The View. Present your view honestly & concisely, don't talk over others & you'll be fine. Ignore rude, go with constructive.
another loser of the view=ALL HAVE TRUMP DURANGEMENT SYNDROME=ALL R STUPID EXCEPT JOY-ALL R PUPPETS DOING WHAT GEORGE SOROS N OTHERS TELL EM
God help us you do know she’s a die hard trump supporter Last I looked most of you do not support “the other man “ He’s destroying 
So what if she supports Trump If u knew anything about her she didn't support Trump at first Don't watch an still won't watch Screw the view
I hope this works.  But I have my doubts!
You should have taken a page from @TheTalkCBS & left it at 4 & have guest cohosts!
Looking forward to her input from the conservative side of the coin
Here we go. Whoopi, Joy get ready for yet another schooling.
Why do the you want to listen false news we already got Trump. People are kneeling because of injustice in America not the flag.
why wait to say that you've been harassed, all you gotta say is that's funny. Or your kidding, move from that situati
women who don't want to be touched by a man, need to be saying it, and stop saying it years later
What the hell has the First Lady really done?
Meaghan...
.why waste ur time
Five loudmouths against a token Republican
How we keep liberals dumb show.
Who watches this show?
Sinking ship. Bad decision. Thought about that spot being open recently. Never thought she would take it. Did she leave the fox show?
You go lady!
When they turn on you Meghan, you are the only one you should blame. You knew the job when you took it.
I might consider watching the View
It's good you have "a" conservative... but it has always been imbalanced and a token slot. Find another voice, preferably Asian or Indian.
good talking
She is not good for this show. After   Watching for 15 years may have to stop
That show is still on?!
I like Meghan but I hate the view and the political hacks on there, sorry just can't watch.
Meghan McCain belongs with those kooks. They are so one-sided I can't even stomach them. Used to love whoopie, then saw her true identity
Seems a strange hire. Unlike Jedediah Bila I've seen MM get pretty nasty w co-hosts on FNC's Outnumberd. 1st instinct is 2 argue not discuss
what a stupid show.  it has a token republican to beat on. what a farce
This was really disappointing. I gave it a shot but had to turn it off halfway through. If I wanted to hear Fox talking points, I’d watch Fox. I’ll be finding something else to enjoy in the morning
WTF?!?! Dump @JedediahBila for that fuckin' bimbo...sad sad day
...I liked Megan but she is gonna get beat up by these sad little no bodies who treat everyone like dirt. I still won't watch the show.
May take time but she feels like, sounds like, acts like Fox. Was uncomfortable to watch. Aggressive, lib v right integrated in every topic.
Sorry but, I will never watch The View. No way shape or form EVER!
So she decided to commit career suicide? Real smart.
Like her father ...where the wind blows.
Like I said earlier...real career downgrade for Meghan. Guess Daddy got to her cuz we all know he's a FAUX Republican...he STINKS o the LEFT
Meghan has some class.  not a good fit for viewerless
Awesome!!!!!
Hit the ballpark on this one. That she acknowledged Elizabeth (can't stand her), tells me she's gonna stir the hot topics segment real well
How many pukes can I get??????
Just like her traitor father 

Nope still won’t watch
On of the most stupid shows on the Telly.
The view is a joke
Maybe I’ll watch a little bit now. I got so sick of this show because all the cut downs & it was everyday all hour long. So maybe I’ll check out the show and watch what’s going on!! Thanks for getting in the “HOT SEAT”
Sad show, centered arpund hatred
I stopped watching the view because of Whoppie Whoppie
Oh FFS,  just NO, won't watch
Girl, you're brave!
I don't understand why she would want to join a bunch of hypocritical hags!!!!!
What was wrong with Jedidiah ?
Only complaint is she touches her hair WAY too much
Wrong.
Bite on this, @WhoopiGoldberg. Eat some #TRUTH for a change!  http://truepundit.com/new-evidence-shows-mccain-helped-fund-fbi-plot-to-frame-trump-backed-bogus-russian-trump-dossier/ … @POTUS #MAGA
Everyone that goes on that "show" leaves with a ruined career and a ruined reputation.
As far as I can tell she's like father a trader to the Republican party.
Worst bunch of hags ever
I respect Meghan McCain but not liking her in the 5th chair...
I'm going to give her her chance ..lol I love and respect her father...I can't help myself...! #BEST WISHESMEGHANMcCAIN
When you swim with sharks then don’t be surprised when they turn on you. Good luck but ....
Click OFF! Bye bye
Her first 2 segments were already painful. Why does #TheView feel an incessant need to have the "other side" represented. Stupid 2/
How about a republican on good morning America abc????
Looks like I'm going to have to stop watching #TheView again. She is intolerable & insufferable. The show was good with just 4 cohosts 1/
You can have her. Sayonara
Still not watching
Congrats on the new gig!
I'm so glad she landed here . . . Where I will never see/hear her.
Dear @NRA High Roller,

 waiting 4 #GunControlNow after 58 Dead #LasVegas

@GOP @HouseGOP wont REGULATE b/c @NRA CA$H
#GreedOverPeople
Well, I admire her father. Let's see how she works out.
One day and she's already annoying and petty. Big mistake getting rid of Jed

Another blond talking head faux news cast off.  Not a good fit, not a good fit at all
Her IQ will drop 50 points just by being around those other shrews.
She is hard to watch, just saying
Love reading the comments here ... people do not want to hear different opinions it seems... go @MeghanMcCain
Don't watch it. Don't care to watch it.
Welcoming another RHINO.
Now , I can say, I am sure to not watch the View. Leans way left now!!
Hmmmm. Maybe I'll start watching again...
Well that love fest won't last long. Like I said before "Either they will kick her ass or she will kick theirs." Go Meghan. Stay safe.
Ugh! But who cares. Don't watch THE VILE VIEW
Let em have it Meghan, hopefully they don’t default to branding you a racist Nazi everytime you school them.
Uh huh. Y'all are so "happy." 
I'm not watching anymore. These executives are a mess. They fired all the good people. Stop trying to get conservative views.
You're fake news to them. And that's all you'll ever be to them. They follow the Orange.
What happened to the other young lady Miss Jena Daya !!
- Jedidah was "let go," And or, "Chose to leave," 2 weeks ago.
- Oh, Man! I HAD to come back to correct Jedediah's name. SORRY!!!!!
Watch the View more because Jedediah is gone!
Don't know much abt Meghan,respect her father
even though I disagree w/ some of his policies.
the view is the wal-mart of television with its turnover rate. just stick with the four or get jed back. she had odd ideas but good energy
Omh
Wonder how long for before her opinions piss off Whoopi and Joy.
Megan will b an awesome rep 4 the views of conservative women. She will defend our views rather than kiss ass! I'm excited/empowered/voice
a no talent only having a job because of her last name,won't last long on the pathetic toxic show
Ha! The fact that this show is having her as a host proves she and her dad are secretly libs disguised as conservatives. What a joke.
Wow, hope she doesn't get brutalized by these Socialist, hateful, racist peeps!
Praying for Meghan. Pray she will hold her own with the liberal view. #praying4 Meghan #gomeghan !!!!

Good choice!! I don't have many conservative views, but I'm looking forward to hearing what she'll bring to the table.
Meghan supports Pence' NFL, Taxpayer stunt to further DIVIDE Americans on her first day on @TheView! Sorry, I will no longer watch @TheView.
Here dad should have been tried for treason and a enemy collaborator.

One more reason not to watch this garbage show. Who are you people?
Great! Job @MeghanMcCain ! It is so great to have someone with your #strong voice on @TheView
Nobody cares.

Yawn
Paul Harvey in his "if I were the devil" speech addressed such media, #Youtube it folks!
Don't know her, trying to give her a chance. Much better if she drops the FOX attitude habbit QUICKLY
Yes!
Let her defend Forrestal, wetstarts, songbird, Keating, tailhook (hookers), McCain Institute. Retire Brutus
I tuned out when she mentioned Elizabeth Hasselback.
I  don't think so
great choice! love her!
I don't feel the love. Might be a game changer for this faithful viewer.
Yeah finally off fox love it hope you get cancelled soon nothing but hate filled bitches
The second she expressed her pride in sitting in Elizabeth Hasselbeck’s seat made me nauseous. I may quit watching my favorite show!
Thanks. I DVRd it to see who it was, so now I can just delete.
sounds like a misfit. Enjoy. 
Shld b interesting.
Why would she want to be on such a horrible show?
haha! Make conversions. From Saul to St.Paul.
 who knows baptisms happen anywhere.
A little sanity in the midst of crazy liberals.
I’m sure you will all straighten her out.
@rupertmurdoch  What a HUGE loss for @FoxNews.  @MeghanMcCain is good stuff. Will have to watch @TheView.
The View...HAHA ANGRY WOMEN.
Welcome @MeghanMcCain I understood your view! But, He works for the racist king of disrespect! Why not walk out when 45 disrespects McCain!
All the sexual harassment 45 does where’s is his pink slip. Impeachment
Welcome, Meghan. And congrats to @ABCNetwork on a good hire. Anyone has to be better than ignorant & obnoxious @jedediahbila #Jededuhhhhhhh

I don't "buy" her being a conservative - can't prove by her dad she also lied said she was going to take time off cause of her dad-sell out
It's all about ratings.  Count me as -1.  No, don't count me, I stopped watching when Whoop joined.

Megan CANCER IS HORRIBLE PLEASE BRING UR VOICE 2 AWARENESS 2 ALL CANERS!  Bro dying from it & is a vet- give a shout out 2 my bro Brian!!!
It's kind of a pain in the ass to click your profile and then mute you, so can you just unfollow me and save me the trouble?
Wow she bored me to tears Not a talk show personalty first dy shld b last dy
When will they replace you we can't Waite
What a crappy move 
Finally, a woman who actually knows factually what she is talking about and doesn't host based solely on her emotions.
Sonny was amazing today #kapernick
Great choice! Congrats Meghan!
I've been watching The View for over 5yrs,tackling serious/relevant topics in a fair way.until recently. The Trump bashing is getting old.
