The loss is tragic, please explain how the lack of funding caused these training mission failures? Is it a matter of military mismanagement?
Prob in sense look at all navy deaths recently and any soldier on active duty prob
If @SenJohnMcCain is so concerned with a service member wellbeing, then why did he help train enemy gunners to shoot US planes?
It might be the high number of Troops that don't beleong in service and the fact that theres little fighting in the current "wars"
We shld also decrease intervention & reallocate existing funding to these priorities plus higher pay raises, improving ACA, more help 4 vets
This calls for legislation? Procedures and processes are not already in place?
It is not lack of money that causes these deaths, it is lack of leadership. Show some yourself by repealing Obamacare.
Please vote no on the graham/Cassidy crappy non healthcare bill. Millions of people thank you
They are not playing soldier...Real training is dangerous...But you would not know being a pampered senator...
#RINO
something is kind wrong, very wrong.
Swamp rat wanting more military spending instead of managing what we have spent. Typical of lifetime politician
1.  We have been at war since 2001, 16 years. People are war weary. Kids used to join the military as a career or for college benefits...
5. Which leads to mistakes and  poor choices. When McCain says it's a training issue, yes&no. It's bigger than that.
In statistics class, we called statements like this data manipulatuon to prove a false result.
Well, consider the ratio of service members in the box vs in Garrison.   #math
...and how many died of suicide, Senator? What about all other deaths due to inadequate healthcare?
here you are hanging out with nazis
these constant training accidents are horrifying
This is not Trump issue. Congress has allowed previous admins to suppress. We need to rebuild-and now. Keep public posted of status of bill
Sen. McCain with respect for your past Serv.to our country, I have an opinion of your present actions.PLEASE STOP VOTING AGAINST OUR PRES.
U were voice of reason on ACA repeal. I know Lindsey Graham is ur close friend but pls reject current bill. It wld take away PEC protections
As if you really care about military members...You have betrayed them and did not support them in congress.
#RINO
holy crap is that real?  we are still in at least 7 active wars, right?
FYI Government money does not solve problems, it creates them. Check your govt contractors and kickbacks. You know kickbacks
Incident just announced at Fort Bragg.  What's going on?  Soldiers deserve better!
100% attributed to Obama & his picks for promotions to senior positions based on social views & not leadership or experience
Ouch!
Seriously?!?! This can't be true.

Hey John McCain if there is one thing you would know it's killing your ship mates in training and getting off scott-free. IRONY is rich.
Either slow the Op Tempo or give them more resources!
Yes Senator, my veteran friends all tell me that they have seen many comrades die in training accidents, even those who survived war.
@SenJohnMcCain should be replace simply based on his mental disability
Deal with PTSD and mental illness. Thats the focus of our enemies.  You have 58% claiming to be disabled by mental,illness.  Address that.
Reasonable. If only we had this type of leadership heading the Armed Services Committee in the 114th Congress.
Wow!
GOD bless u and USA! Georgians respect and loves u but pls, try 2 stop criminal Saakashvili, he'll do the same in Ukraine, he did in Georgia
Or stop the war games....one or the other.
@LastActDefiance 
Thank You Sir I think we certainly hv to do something! I hope you are feeling well n pray for ur recovery!
John McCain is delusional! Support troops not him, or his liberal friends!
As tragic as that is what is the average number of deaths per year in training accidents, just so we dont jump to conclusions.
Maybe the Navy needs to put you back in the cockpit, John, and let you fly into some power lines the way you did, to lighten things up.
Thank you, Sen. McCain. I was involved in a training accident, but I was a lucky one. May those who weren't so lucky RIP.
Yeah because you send them to their deaths. You're a sick war monger who would be sad if there were no on-going wars.
I have several friends with children who courageously enlisted. Thank you for your support of all our troops!!!
Restore our trust in government to prevent future tragedy..
Look John you should know just being in the Military is dangerous. I remember the 16 killed 26 wounded 2 September 1960 at Grafenwöhr, WG...
http://www.3ad.org/cold-war/cold-war-casualties/ …
During the Cold War aka the Peacetime Army we trained hard and people died. There was plenty of money then. I would've died at The Fuld Gap.
How many Americans have you killed with Obamacare?
How about your weapons in the hands of jihadists killing civilians in Iraq and Syria. God have mercy on your soul.
That's pretty awful.
I no longer listen to a word you say! Your selfish,vindictive & turned yr back on the American people.

Poor training practices, poor maintenance, lack of deaths in combat due to lack of engagement, etc. The numbers don't tell the whole story.
Where were you years ago supporting the military? 

Instead your focus has been siding with the liberals and supporting stupid ILLEGALS
That terrible, but that is training. It's done to find out what's wrong. Military are signed up for that! I do hope that deaths drop.
Just go home. Please
And this year's not quite over.
Let the military handle that. You have no more credibility.
How about in the last 18 years?  What are the numbers  then?
After 8 yrs. of Obama cutting military budgets, where were you then fighting against those cuts?
Dude! They've been dying since WW2 and you have done nothing!
How about we just stop sending them to places where they can die...There's a thought!
In the last 32 years you have disgraced the Senate with your sellout Soros policies. Retire Traitor!!!
how many died in Vietnam because you you?
Dude, you are a fountain of unfathomable knowledge and information. Brilliant.
Audit the Pentagon before giving more money. They have NEVER been audited.
You mean you want more to die in combat? You know that is bonkers, right?
Leave him alone he did not say that n u know it!
WTF!!! God damn gun deckers and each commands very own seaman shumkatelly
Zero accomplishments in 8 months!
I thank John for that
Who's going to pay for it, John? The middle class like always? The GOP cuts taxes for the rich and the burden falls on us. NO John! Enough!
Thanks for caring so much for active duty soldiers like my son!
Quite simply, training is being done to time not to standard. Push to accomplish the task not ensure actual training and understanding
How does that happen? Shameful.
If you're so worried about safety & security, how about funding that wall.
I guess altifa is cool then
I better do a reverse Michael Jackson so I'm safe
I suspected this was true but your numbers confirmed it. Heart wrenching. Are we asking too much of our soldiers, sailors and airmen?
Please support the President's agenda
I can't believe this POS traitor to the American people is still alive and flapping his mouth.
Just don't get hurt and go to the VA that's in McCains state! He cared so much about veterans they died waiting for care on his watch!
Did you know that our Fed tax dollars pay for firefighters in Phoenix? That way AZ GOP can cut taxes for the rich and we get pay for it
John McCain: The Songbird of the Hanoi Hilton
Where you getting them stats john boy. Not true.
Retire.
Get out.
Your a waste of time.
Horrible
Who's responsible for poor training, readiness, & implementation? There are no excuses. It's rushing, laziness, corner cutting & etc.
Yes. Trump/GOP are rushing an unprepared military into confrontations with anyone! Syria? Afghanistan? NK? Flip a coin. They just want war.
We must protect those who protect the USA.
How many babies are being killed by abortion because u refused to vote with our president to repeal Obamacare shame on you u must step down

#TrumpCult
sadly 15plus died here in oceanside,ca today
I respect and admire this man bless you 
This has nothing to do with money. Focus on mission vs training is the problem. Overburden of "missions" vice training
Op Tempo!
Dear John, 
You've been rewarded by escalations in Afghanistan, will you still vote with citizens on health care?
Thanks for your service.
We need to fix this.  #Veteran #USAF
We don't want this nightmare of Repeal and Replace again
A direct result of the worst President ever, Barry Obama
Probably Not.....Please refrain from @ me ever again! How Bout That Trumpanzee!
Soldiers died because of what you let Obama do!! YOU!!
Start the Draft send the Dreamers over. We will see how many stays.
W reduced budgets training has massively suffered past years, with over reliance on operational experience. Now that is soon gone too.
The POTUS will take care of it. Where were you the last 8 years?
All you are about follow the dollar.I am a 32yrs combat Veteran and forgot and shit on you all about Dreamers Hope youall can count on them
Why don't I trust you or your intentions?
And how many sailors died on the Forrestal when wet start antics were played? Thanks Daddy admiral for another intervention. RETIRE Brutus
Can't believe anything from you
RINO

Please retire and get some medical help and stop torturing the country
DUDE how about #TermLimits I don't want to watch you say the SAME FREAKING THINGS until you die of old age.  step aside now bro, srsly.
May GOD bless our military, Sir.
