Liberal on a liberal show! show
You sir are the poster boy for why we need term limits now!
hey guys
You should retire....you're so out of touch
Senator, I have great respect for you. You know Trump must be impeached over Russia. Please do what you can to have him removed.
Please talk about impeachment.
Ha ha ha. Trump will be here at least four more years. You lost. Get over it. Nothing you can do about it.
Chuck Todd the fake news master??
Who gives a flying ... I didn't watch but did idiot Todd give u plenty of air time to bash our great POTUS? That's what you're good at
all of the Democratic owned media outlets love having Republicans on that bash Trump,fair& balanced?
U r right Buddy
Fake media darling John McCain. Propped up bc: 1) he cucks on domestic issues 2) his moderate appeal is great for pushing wars
Mccain was rejected by the American people as their president Now he is trying to run the foreign policy of the country from his senate seat
You're a traitor and I can't wait to watch you get spit out by your country. Stand up or step aside McCain.
How can you support Syrian intervention on the one hand AND support banning those same Syrians from seeking refuge in America on the other?
Who cares. Blowhard. Talk away to Chuck. Most people aren't listening to you anymore. You care about being on the media only, not USA path
Stop screwing Arizona. Retire!
I just love Trump . I'm sure you all agree

Trump was right about you Mc Cain
John McCain one of the driving forces for the need for term limits.
If America has the moral superiority to stop senseless killings in Syria, why do we tolerate so many killings by racist police in America?
Look at you spending a lot of time on NBC like a good liberal.
I am trying to figure out why you have a reversal on Syria all of a sudden, wait I know why the President is now white. Wow so blatant....
McCain is a treasonous scum and war criminal, not war hero, war criminal, and terrorist founder with Clinton and Obama of ISIS. #YEYEEGF
Why can't you just back our potus, the democrats hate you, wake up!
The world would have been a safer place if sen McCain was president!
that's bullshit, we'd all be eating geritol.
What's in your browser history?
Mcain trump is a disgrace and is destroying America please stop tolerating this country first not party remember that
When are you going to investigated Trump & Russia during his campaign. End his spending tax dollars like he is a kid in a candy store
#NeverDJTHRC! Hillary Clinton & Syrian Bloodbath http://huff.to/2pqFfzp   Unfit to be POTUS—Clinton role—instigate/prolong Syrian bloodbath
GO HOME  Mc Cain...war monger....the UGLY USA does not own the world
@SenJohnMcCain plz #StopDealing w #MEK 
oppose USA Values 
& lie 4 Islam 
#MEK Killed Americans 
#PastisPrologue
@POTUS @wsj
#RezaPahlavi
Waste of time. Republicans are disgraceful
Who cares ?? Turn-coat !!
Now you can both lie !! You are on the right Fake news station !!!
Was very helpful, thank you.
"Lots to discuss" that's all do. All talk...no action, do us a favor and retire!
@SenJohnMcCain please ignore the "R" by your name and think of this country which you have served. Thank you for your service, plz continue!
Tale of two idiots


How long are you going to let this clown ruin the country? Why are you lying for this buffoonery? Country before party.
This should be chummy now that your anti-Trump stance is liberal lore. Poster boy for term limits.
COME ON SEN  ROLLING IN THE LOONY CRAP?? TODD??   MANURE SPREADER     FAKE NEWS!  A LOONY ZOMBIE?? THE ENEMY??...CHECK SIX!....
Happy Easter, but know @realDonaldTrump prefers messiahs that don't get crucified.
If it's Sunday it's @MeetThePress
Remember your promise to build the dang fence.  Lies. Finally we have a leader who is going to do it.  Build the wall! TY President Trump.
Disabled Veterans are still waiting sir! S.66 has been long overdue, about 126 years overdue. Not right for CH61 retirees to be punished!
Need to retire you senile curmudgeon
McCain, you don't represent most ppl in America! Always bashing our President. F Chuck Todd; what was Obama's policy? He had NONE! Hypocrite
I used 2 think u had a brain but when WW 3 starts it will b to late Sir
Now we see why you lost to Obama. You have to pick your friends wisely and stick with them.
Here is the border wall we need . The one McCain said he would build but was lying.
will yoube announcing your retirement?
Good place for senile songbird McCain nobody's watching 
John McCain is extremely important to America. He's responsible for our military strategy and policy as Chairman of the Armed Services Commt
they can say there fair & balanced by having on republicans and bashing Trump at the same time B.S.
Grey job today @SenJohnMcCain  on @MeetThePress. Nice to see support for @POTUS
#traitor time to go to rest home
To beat the Fat crazy kid U float balloons of foods to rain down with photos not messages of mainstreet in the USA with lot's of restaurants
Send that over the border to the poor & starving and see how long KIM sticks around with healtier better fed pissed off North Koreans.
With you until "at least he did something after 8 years of not." Let's roll the tape,  congress would not back military involvement
That's what's called "putting lipstick on a pig." Unfortunately, there's not enough lipstick for that particular pig.
the only reason these TV networks have you on is because your a republican that bashes Trump.....
Watched intro. It flip flop Trump. Lol. No more RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA . Now it's flip flops. Funny the left is upset he flops to them.
It's so crazy only democrats are invited on these programs you always see to be invite on. Hmm
A Republican that never goes on fox, just CNN, MSNBC, NBC. what a joke you are now.
MCCAIN, TRAITOR,  LIAR, GIGGILO,
IN THE CLOSET, RADICAL MOOSHLAMS.
How about a independent investigation. Subpoena his taxes .. Come on mr. McCain make America great again
Just shut the hell up McCain, you've shown your hand too many times. You're done, you just haven't figured that out yet!
No thanks McCain, your demise is imminent...
Perfect place to spew your GOP traitor Trump hatred #Songbird.
You do a lot of talking. When are you going to take action against this Disaster in Chief?!
You lied about President Obama wanting to do nothing about Syria. You are enabling the downfall of democracy with your president
Why? He's a paid shill for the DNC.
For ex, john emphasises the word gray in the following: the head was chopped off by the man in gray.  John, learn to speak !!
Why don't you talk about the POW's you left in Vietnam
I don't know why you contribute to Todd you do know he's liberal non journalist working for a tabloid
Hey wait, McCain is back on TV. But wait, its MTP with that great truth finder...Chuck Todd! What revelations will be revealed today?
So far, you have been party over country. Very disappointing.
He voted against Mulvaney, did not vote for Trump, has often criticized him. Radicals like you will bash anybody who wont call him Hitler.
NOPE! you will pushing your GLOBALIST ideology, Russian collusion, Syria take over. you are pushing war worl III.
John McCain adds emotions to his words on a two second delay so no one can really understand him.
no respect for you anymore, don't stand for the people, you choice party over people
Hey John-boy.. don't care neither does millions of Americans #TermLimits

#FAKEPRESIDENT: Donald J. Trump the illusionist. 
Sen. John McCain, The McCain Family; Easter Blessings!
Thank You! Sen. John McCain, for your powerful influential,Morale, also Motivation you have instilled to The U.S. Armed Forces in EUROPE
Wonder what your attack on Pres Trump will be today? When are you officially crossing over to the Democrats? @MeghanMcCain @DanScavino
I agree! I think he should go work at CNN.
Fit right in.
Talk about Russia please and all of #Trumprussia connections. Talk about AltRight attack on peaceful protestors.
I would literally rather gave my fingernails pulled off with pliers. @chucktodd SERIOUSLY? That guy is liberal puppet.
Maybe you could discuss why we're supporting terrorists in Syria?
of course you are
We are very concerned about Comey being investigated by Trump administration while Trump is investigated by Comey. Is this Turkey or the US?
Term Limits Now!!!
Term limits needed. Discuss that. It's past time for you to retire. Who are your $ donors?  Don't bash @POTUS as you usually do
What's it like being one of the only sane senators left in the GOP?
Who cares what you think.  You don't represent the views of 70% of Americans
I was actually beginning to think McCain was real,turns out just another Blind eye
Sleepy Eyed Chuck
why trump still president?
who cares
Will be interesting to see your hit job on Trump this morning.  You obviously think you are the smartest person in America
