Hope you're feeling better, @SenJohnMcCain; but please, PLEASE vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson healthcare bill.
Congress needs to return to regular order. Do not strip healthcare from millions by going back on your word. You have a legacy to uphold.
Please protect the ACA and prevent war over (or with) nuclear arms. That's a successful congress! People want to live in health and peace.
Regular Order! Graham/Cassidy will B  a HASTILY DRAFTED!  UNSCORED BY CBO RUSH JOB 2 shaft American HEALTH! 
States could bankrupt folks!
Best of luck Sen. Please think of all those who will be denied this kind of treatment under the newly proposed Republican Care Act.
Where do you stand on #GrahamCassidy, Senator? A concerned America prays you have the courage and wisdom to be that maverick yet again.
Please vote against new health care law as my brother-in-law has head cancer also. He depends on Obamacare. God bless you
NIH named award 4 my onc Dad 2 recog phys living up 2 his ethics, research&pt care. McCain our paths r crossing again. NO to Graham-Cassidy.
Please Senator McCain I know Lindsey Graham is your friend please please please stick to your guns please don't vote for this new bill.
Senator McCain, I don't know Ms. Bonnie Scott but I am echoing her request.  Please sit, do NOT support Graham-Cassidy. It hurts citizens.
Senator this is not a political issue
This is not to please ur BBF
This a moral issue that concerns all Americans. 
VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
Does this help you sleep at night?  Knowingly stripping 10's of millions of Americans of their health care, while you get full treatment.
Hope you really believe this.  Changing the medical system radically without any significant discussion is not a functional congress.
Senator, you exhorted Congress to "return to regular order,"  to do healthcare right. Keep your word. We're counting on you to defend us!
please continue your promise for regular order and do not vote yes for Graham-Cassidy.  Find bipartisan solutions please
It looks like he will go back on his word about regular order. This bill is worst than the last one. So very disappointing.
Senator - Please continue to show courage in voting against attempts to weaken health care coverage for working Americans. It's about people
1.Ask yourself, a man with pre existing conditions, how can u vote 4 a healthcare bill that discriminates against these protections
It ocurred to me that may be.. may be u r threatened by the white house.
YOU a war hero! How sad!
Do the right thing Sir and vote NO
Nothing has changed since you shared this. Do not allow a rushed vote on a rushed piece of legislation to determine the fate of millions.
Getting the procedures right in Congress is important. I agree with that. The content of the political sausage disturbs me. Tricare is one
If you REALLY want functional Congress, VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy healthcare. We are COUNTING ON YOU TO DO RIGHT THING.
Senator, I beg you to do the right thing regarding this latest version of Trumpcare. Don't turn your back on us now.
I pray your treatments are effective. Please pray for the American people's treatments as well. Thank you Senator.
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
We both have brain tumors.  Coverage is essential.  GC will hurt people like us.  Please, continue to be our champion.
Then don't let hundreds of thousands dying from metastatic cancer and millions losing their healthcare be your legacy. Don't repeal the ACA!
How many people will lose access to cancer treatment if Graham-Cassidy passes?  Do you know. Do you care?  Don't vote without a CBO score.
Thank goodness you have excellent HC,  all American's needs the same, we are counting on you to Vote 'No' on Graham-Cassidy.  Fix ACA.
Remember the many civilians w diagnoses that will alter them 4ever. They need you to vote no on graham  Cassidy bill. Plz don't let us down.
If you were among the poor you would already be dead. Has your illness taught you to be a compassionate human being?
Why ru supporting latest attempt to take healthcare away from millions in a manner that is completely contrary to ur call 4 "regular order"?
Please don't vote to kill the ACA!
Now Senator McCain needs to once again help the American people by voting NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.

Trump & McConnell have decided to test @SenJohnMcCain.

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/19/opinion/mccain-healthcare-graham-cassidy.html …
@SenJohnMcCain Have a heart - vote no on Graham Cassidy. Think of all those who will lose healthcare and what that really means.
Please vote against the new ACA repeal bill, Senator. You know it is a bad bill without bipartisan input.
YET YOU'RE PLANNING TO DENY US ALL HEATHCARE?!?! BLOOD WILL BE ON YOUR HANDS! #ProtectOurCare
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/667226001/ …
Cannot express how disappointed in you & Flake I am for supporting grahamcassidy! Work w/Dems! Fix ACA!
Do the right thing and VOTE NO!!!
#Trumpcare is back, & GOP senators are trying to sneak it through this month!
.@SenJohnMcCain if you're serious about this, you have every reason to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  @NPR
Senator than please walk away from #GrahamCassidy !
If you're serious about this, and we know you are, you'll vote no on that awful Graham-Cassidy bill. It would inflict tragedy on millions.
McCain is one sick individual... YOU r the swamp & prob. Doesn't function because of U! U play politics over what's best for We The People
The best sign of a functional congress would be a bipartisan healthcare bill. Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Go get the right treatment sir and we hope for the best,but you need to do things right for the people! You are disrespecting our President
#HowTheACASavedMyLife

I am one of the #FacesOfACA

NO to #GrahamCassidy 

#AmericaSpeaksOut
 
.@upnorthrobyn was born w/craniofacial defect.
Had 40 surgeries. Suffers #PTSD & #agoraphobia.
Needs #ACA to live.
#FacesOfACA #TheLoyalO 
@SenJohnMcCain I hope you intend 2 continue this fight. Even when your friend @LindseyGrahamSC tries to further divide us w/ a forced bill!
Senator, please continue to press for order re healthcare.  Should be bipartisan with debates & hearings.  Not backroom bribes.
just because trump won did not change the goverment you have been in charge of for 30yrs...  please vote to change this. you are the problem
@SenJohnMcCain you have been the non functional goverment...  uggg  great you want to change now, but what about the last 30yrs...
this is great but McCain has been the NON Functional goverment for 30yrs..  now all of a sudden he wants to stop...  ugggggggg
Yes!
My idea is for each Dreamer to commit to 2-3 yrs service to USA in military, public service or Infrastructure in exchange for a Green Card.
So you #SupportMostHideousHcareLegislation ever created?  I thanked you recently for holding the line on hcare. Forget I said it. #YouSuck
Please don't vote for Graham-Cassidy. I could lose my access to my cancer treatment. My life in your hands.
Someone needs to shake it up.
Fight for a good fix on healthcare, I need my insurance I also like you have stage 4 cancer!  My ACA pays for my treatments!
Graham-Cassidy-under state waivers insurers can charge higher premiums 4 pre-existing conditions. So, how does a cancer survivor afford HC?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DONT SUPPORT THE CASSIDY BILL! Please! It is the cruelest yet. Please save us from this!
Can you leave the DOD BCRP alone?  I'm a veteran and yes I did get Stage IV BC while active duty.
Please protect health care for pre existing conditions.
Again showing you flip flop depending on what's in it for you. So what is in it for you this time? Millions of Americans will LOSE.
Yet- you're behind the new GOP attempt to kill healthcare for tens of millions of Americans, including Medicaid and preexisting conditions.
Thank you Senator 
Retire!
How can a dysfunctional you make such a call?
That would require u leaving it
Medicare for all! https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1698720616887652/ …
I would think going through your cancer treatment would bring help you realize that the Graham-Cassidy bill has to be a NO. Have compassion.
That's because meghan is doing his work.  He can't be ill and chemo and tweet it makes no sense
Don't allow Cassidy Graham to pass outside regular order. Even if he's your friend, it's wrong for America
Please do not vote for Graham-Cassidy.
Thank you and God bless.
Please do not vote to take away our healthcare? Please don't cave on this.
100% agree xo
Then retire, do the country a great sevice
Paul Ryan and Trump need to go. Ryan does not have the back bone that is,required to be a leader. And, Trump is not a capable leader.
Please hold true to what you are proposing and do not vote for the Graham/Cassidy healthcare bill!
Functional doesn't mean ramrodding abhorrent healthcare bill that takes Medicaid from my autistic son!
This is your legacy John. Don't be a zero and vote to take away life saving healthcare from tens of millions.
Do you ever wish that you were duking it out on policy with HRC now. It might have been easier to return to regular order.
A functional congress with common sense and without self serving motives would be great. Be well @SenJohnMcCain.
Mr McCain, how are you now? Are you improving your health?
Stay strong, Senator and thank you for keeping up the fight. Both in Washington and your health.
I'm all for this. Don't you think handling #TrumpRussia is a step in the right direction?  #Legacy
Op-eds like this will mean nothing if you rush Graham-Cassidy w/ no committee & a hearing in homeland security. You can't half-ass this








Then please vote No on Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill!
How bout promise keeping??
equal pay bill??
go senator !! we need you !!! 2 party system =respect between opposites. thank you 
Thank you Senator McCain. I wish we had more politicians with your integrity and patriotism.
Dispicable Me 7 1/2! 
@GOP movie about WASTING our tax dollars for 7+ YEARS trying to repeal #ACA @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC 
#SHAME
Johnny boy, for johnny boy. He has his agenda, and to hell to with anyone else. He is a pile of garbage.
We need a bipartisan solution to stabilize the markets and protect the healthcare of vulnerable Americans. Please vote No on Cassidy-Graham.
Go Maverick go!
Saw the  waivers for preexisting conditions in your health plan. Damn,  that is cold.
Says a disfunctional congressman. Makes me sick that I voted for u. U r a democrat. Gross.
Please remember that battle cry and vote against the Graham Cassidy act - still as bad for our country as the other you vetoed! Thanks
Sir, please be a man of your words and vote "no" on the Cassidy-Graham "healthcare" bill.
Where is the democratic process in the crafting of this bill?
As u know, healthcare is complex. Do not allow the Graham-Cassidy bill 2 b rushed 2 passage. Ensure all appropriate processes are completed.
How about a battle cry to your Repub. pals to support our president. STOP the Never Trump positioning and pass a Repub. agenda.
Look in the Mirror
Thank you, Senator, for your wise words and your efforts to repair our broken govt.  Keep standing strong in this and your cancer tx. 
Then u need to vote no on Graham Cassidy. Do the right thing. I'm an oncology social worker and this bill= death for many of my patients
NPR?!!!!
You can't w/ a disfunctional mandate. We are about to learn lesson of decades of getting away from facts, real math (not trickle) & ethics.
Sen McCain, Please call out your colleagues on their cozy corporate relationships and urge them to do what's best for all Americans.
McCain sucks
It's all a ruse!
Sir, PLEASE RETURN TO REGULAR ORDER! Tricky Graham-Cassidy puts a target on senior Arizonans. Kills pre-ex protections. #KILLTHEBILL
How about the people that have to pay for it?
Tell us his part in fake dossier.
Get the hell out of the swamp McCain!
Can't wait for next years health insurance premium to be announced.  Thanks, John
Please be a hero one more time and save our healthcare. This bill has not gone through the regular order. Millions are counting on you.
