What happens to the rest of America how about amendments for the other 49 states
You know how important healthcare is But that seem not to matter to any of the GOP
But had no problem to vote in favor of obamacareless
We Americans voted you all in TO REPEAL Obamacare. You all miss d chance Go home & explain that!!!!!!!
John, if u think the Dems will work with Reps, you really have gone senile
CrustyMcCain could have simply voted to eliminate the mandate, no effect on medicaid and restores freedoms, alas #adem_indisguise
medicaid is basically a hand out. You're supposed to be a Republican. We want Obama care gone. Seriously, how dare you
Where in the constitution is a individual supposed to get health care.  Health care is not a government responsibility
Bipartisan action to stabilize markets and provide good insurance - hero's move - stand for it!
RESIGN!!!!
Please vote no. Save the ACA.
Right...watch it IMPLODE & ALL insurance companies PULL OUT!
Girl why you screaming?
I'm not screaming..just making my point!
Why can't medicaid have its own bill? Why does it have to be mixed up with #Obamacare #repealingObamacare
Thankful for your NO VOTE
You let US down RE: Healthcare. You should HAVE TO go on Obamacare so you can see what it's like!
Sen. you lied to the American ppl about repealing O'care . You need to be fired! I hope this happens. Supt our Pres! U R part of the swamp!
If Arizona's healthcare is F'd up, then fix it from Arizona. Don't depend all of America to suffer from your state's mistakes.
Please! For God's sake don't do it!! Save and fix the ACA!!!
I respect your thoughts...but how can states take on this additional tax burden?
What has happened to u! I guess it is true money & power corrupts the individual! We need term limits! U have been n Congress 2 long!
Too little. You stood up for the right thing the last time. Why not now?
Thank u for doing what was right tonight & as an independent who votes Dem., I truly hope for a bi-partisan fix to what's not working w/ ACA
Your a Hero Senator McCain!
How about the next round??
This bill is another travesty negatively impacting the lives of not only those suffering now but will lead to catastrophic failure. #KeepACA
BULLSHIT! My God is getting ready to send you to hell for all you have done in this walking life! Are you scared yet?
Need to take Medicaid cuts completely off the table. 50-year-old program pays for almost 2/3rds of long-term care, almost half of births
If CBO says #Medicaid spending will increase from $393 Billion in 2017 to $464 Billion in 2026 why do call that "cuts"?
How dare you call yourself a Republican? Maverick? Yeah, um no. You just made a lot of our lives miserable. Russia is more important to you
Vote No.  Save your legacy as a patriot.
His legacy is sullied and his heroism has been overshadowed by his complicity in empowering this madman.  Goodnight, Soldier.
I revise my statement of yesterday to state that I was wrong about you and I'm happy that I was. Thank you for your vote, Senator McCain.
Please don't let this bill become law! What's saving ur life now will be denied to so many. Please stand up for them
Talks like a lion, votes like a doormouse!
I stood up for you the other day but you had the power to stop Trumpcare and you didn't. Good health care should be for all Americans!
John, check out how Rhode Island & Indiana do Medicaid better. Costs less and they're getting better results. Public approves in those state
#TarAndFeather these liars #NeverTrumpsters
No more help for you Senator you've reached your lifetime cap. Oops I forgot that won't apply to you. Vote NO, country before party.
The solution is a BIPARTISAN Healthcare bill that provides healthcare - like the healthcare you are currently receiving - to MORE people.
Everyone else is wrong, right! Oh only you know best, right.
How are you going to keep health insurance affordable for America who pay for their own health insurance/have employer funded insurance?
Well I guess you saved us all John. I guess i should fell mush better. I wonder why I don't.
So basically what your amendments say is Arizona brought in Medicaid because it was needed, but give us ten years and we'll get rid of it??
Remember not only those who depend on access to health care those who work in the health care fields that will also lose their jobs. Fix it
AZ knows who you are John McCain.
You are a bold faced liar.
"Build the fence" "Repeal Obamacare"
Step down now so AZ can be served better.
#TermLimits
Sold America out on repeal of Obamacare. No wonder you lost to Obama, even you voted for him.
THIS shell game is the process you were advocating for?
Repeal and Replace the GOP
These amendments are useless. You have to vote down the bill so you can actually fix healthcare with your Democratic colleagues.
As part of The Silent Generation: Born between 1925 and 1945 time for you to Shhhhhh on #Healthcare
All about sticking it to the middle class! We got your number McCain. But what do you have to lose anyway huh? 3 reasons is plenty!
The Free Market is the only way to go. The govt has no business in the insur. bus. and will end up one huge mess.
Skinny repeal may be the worst of all.  Hold out for a REAl bill not a cobbled mess
You're unbelievable! Check out the #ACA  starting rates for your own state. https://mobile.healthcare.com/?SRC=13&subid=101&pubid=g&utm_content=e&utm_source=google&utm_term=arizona%20healthcare%20exchange&state=AZ&kw_type=state&iv=__iv_p_1_a_626726323_g_28099964946_w_kwd-65433199659_h_9015602_ii__d_m_v__n_g_c_150758582802_k_arizona%20healthcare%20exchange_m_e_l__t__e_10228558408_r_1t1_vi__&gclid=Cj0KCQjwnubLBRC_ARIsAASsNNmDUml_fKZ3iXeC5xKDWxEhgWJss0DpRrP1pBoPN0BLcUemhEdEV6saAryhEALw_wcB …
Only care about Medicare $$$ your state gets not the People of arz resign NOW we the people
My health care has tripled!! Repeal Obamacare now!

A new day #JohnMcCain for U to decide if you are with our people or your party & #Trump.#Trump s betting on U, so are we. #ACA #GOP
TRAITOR!
Medicad is great & those people deserve healthcare but so do i shld not be as much as rent
But how many million Americans will be w/o healthcare?how can you live with that?shame on you as a human and 'christian'.
We the people want the same insurance as your senators!
Thanks for taking a big shit on the people that elected you in November,with your No vote on repeal!!!!!
RINO
Vote no on skinny repeal . Lives are at stake. Time for bipartisanship.
Did ANY pass? If you Accomplished Nothing... Have you really DONE anything?  Would an Honorable person Brag about Doing Nothing?
Fix ACA. Stop Repeal & Replace. Stop Repeal. Don't let your legacy be kissing the ass of a traitor and your party.  Be For The People.
Ur state had the highest increases and seeing ur vote we know why.

Ur a democrat.
I implore you to recognize that access 2 healthcare is a human right & lack of it leads 2 social disruption due to suffering
I'm so disappointed in you, voting yes to this healthcare plan. You helped vote to kill me. My family thanks you also
Spend Spend Spend
Yes, we have all seen the photos of you and Obama the last 8 years enjoying plotting against hard working taxpayers
Don't u need to know what you're amending??  If u vote for that skinny repeal, that would be a disaster.
Introduce God into your life satanic demon..
What about amendments keeping my right to continue care with @MayoClinicNeuro as safe as yours? #PreexistingCondition
Hope they fail, just like you have failed #Arizona.
WTH, John? You know what you want. You know what we want. You know what protesters want. You do what John wants.
Thank you Sen McCain my father also served honorably in Vietnam And you continue to be a hero saving healthcare for us working poor
Thank you.
Bet you're enjoying your healthcare we privide
Pls cease your hypocrisy on GOP "healthcare" bills and vote like you talk.
Thank you Senator McCain - these seem like very practical amendments.
Why don't you think about what it would be like to be in your shoes without insurance?  To be 6 yrs old with a pre-existing condition? 1/
Imagine if you had to worry about your job during chemo, lose it and not be able to afford insurance?  Voting for repeal is #Sick

Please protect! Smooch~ᶫᵒᵛᵉ~Marie~
Stand up for the majority of Americans.  Very disappointed in you! No Trumpcare!!!
It appears I owe an apologize but that yesterday. What you do today I will have to see. I want Obamacare sustained with revision.
Thank you Senator McCain 
Vote NO on ANY bill that raises premiums/cuts benefits. Fix the ACA, don't repeal it.
How about doing what's best for all Americans and not just those in Arizona !!!!
Not enough! Damn, dude. No wonder you've got cancer: Your soul is encrusted with it.
Why do you still call yourself a republican?
You're a liar and a traitor.  You had a chance to #RepealIObamacare and you voted no.  
Your legacy is tarnished.  I'm ashamed I voted for u
Thank you for your vote today...it was the right thing to do for our people.
If its not universal healthcare, it is a failure.  That should be the ONLY option. Impacting ALL Americans not specific states.
*finger guns* congrats on the rich-white-guy healthcare you're receiving, Maverick
You Republicans are unbelievable! Clean repeal is what we need. Healthcare premiums have soared 300% in last couple years! Wtf???
What about everyone's Medicaid system?? Stand up for ALL the people, Senator. You are a strong voice!
You had 1 job. You FAILED. We won't forget. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
why a no vote? You voted for same bill 2 years ago. #timeforyoutogo #paperass
Glad your Obamacare took care of your cancer!!!!!
Go home & spend your wife's money!!!!
HYPOCRITE!!!!
Thank u for voting against full repeal.Please vote against @SenateGOP efforts to take healthcare from millions.Force regular order.
Because a test found a pre cancer lession during a regular check up  my insurance failed to pay 4 the checkup & the needed surgery.  ACA pd!
Appreciate watching out for AZ but your amendments are useless for AZ & the entire country. Just setting up disaster for future generations.
You'll be gone, I'll probably be gone since won't be able to afford HC coverage, @dougducey will have moved on
But our country's children and their children are going to be stuck with decision made by @GOP to gut affordable HC coverage for Americans
Congress must help those who cannot afford high medical bills. I feel so blessed for the ACA because it paid for my pre cancer surgery.
ALL Americans deserve GOOD, affordable Health Ins..A healthy nation is a strong nation...
Why would you vote against the full repeal now but voted for it when Obama was President? It's called political BS! You're a fake.
#Retire your years failing the American public needs to come to an abrupt end.
you sir.are a traitor to this country..not interested in your excuses!  Rhino exemplified!!!
Cool amendments anything for people like my wife and I who are young and sick through no fault of our own?
The skinny Healthcare bill will still take 16 million Americans Healthcare away from them. This will still destabilize the insurance market.
Please step down. It's clear you're no longer fit to serve the public interest.
And to hell with the other states? Nice. Get off the meds. They are affecting your mind.
YOU BETRAYED Arizonians. @POTUS REPEAL Congress's Elite Insurance plan and let them experience what Americans have to use.
I wouldn't die if u took it away, but I couldn't work and we would be on disability. I think you and I would rather have me working.
You came back to D.C. to vote AGAINST REPEAL of Obamacare after voting for it in 2015!  Hypocrite!
My med, on reg ins is $100 A month. Under exp, it's free. W/o it, I can't work. Please don't take it away. My kids and I will not be covered
Shame on you for voting AGAINST repealing Obamacare.
I am a student at GCU for Special Ed, a single mom, and an uber driver. I rely on the medicaid exp. I have a preexisting condition...
Stand up for the transgender soldiers!
First there was the Keating 5. Now it's the Donald's 50+1
You know your powerful speech yesterday? It meant a lot then, not so much now. You lost credibility re heath care bill.
Can't believe your NO vote to repeal.   Why don't you just move to the other side of the aisle?
If you get what you want for Ariz should every senator get what they want for their state? 40% of Arizona's revenue is federal money now.
And, what about these people?

But screw the rest of the country?
I have no more fucks to give you fraud. I wish you no bad luck but no good luck either. Cage match between you and camcer
John go on Chapo
I've just stumbled on this...formation. 
Nice to know you don't give a shit about the rest of the country. #ThanksMcCain
Juan McCain, once again, proving he's more of a Democrat, than a small government Republican. Just GO HOME before U do more damage 2 America
Thanks Senator for vote No, I'm fighting cancer I was in Phoenix now I'm Kingman for treatment and I relay on #Medicaid bcs I can't work.
Wake up time for him to be replaced.
Most vets would have been forced to a VA hospital for treatment, why not you? Guess pol elite establishment receive special treatment.
Let your state take care of its own Medicaid. No replace. Just repeal. Let us buy our own insurance
Pls retire
Seriously senator? Now you've abdicated your vote to Ducey? Have you no courage or moral conviction left at all??
Or are these criminal Dems your friends and do you feel that you owe it to your friends to protect them over protecting freedom and USA?
So typical of you. You and others like you are the biggest problem with the Republican Party. You are the enemy.  Go home.
The healthcare bill should not be designed around Medicaid you hypocrite.  You vote to repeal in 2015 but spinelessly voted against repeal
Sen instead af chasing the Russia Boogeyman and helping Dems in there Trump Withf Hunt why not go after D W Shultz and real criminals
Thankyou for your service..why didn't you go to a VA hospital for your care..hmmm..
Mind sharing with the American people: What is in the freakin bill? This is ridiculous. Please remember who you serve.
If they are rejected, will you vote NO like you promised on the final bill? Or you break your promise and lie again?
Love the things you say, wish the things you did matched.
Why did u come back 4 if u was going 2 vote no! Republicans had 7 years 2 have a something done I'm done voting u all lie 2 much!

you promised to repeal. You are a lier. No goverment in our health care. You have messed up the VA and Medicare.
I used to have respect because of what you've given our Country.  After the last 2 days of voting to take away our health care - not so much
A good START toward something that addresses real people's needs. Now cut those ridiculous tax breaks!@SenJohnMcCain



All GOP Senators who voted against the Repeal of ACA are traitors and need to be removed from office.
You sir are no longer a respected member of the GOP IMO.  You have betrayed America.  I wish you good health, but you need to retire now.
You mean free shit!!
You campaigned on repeal!!  This is why I voted for @POTUS he is keeping his promise. You sir are reneging on your promise! Retire please!
CBO just scored the “skinny repeal” bill. 16M Americans would lose insurance + 20% spike in premiums. Stop this. This is indecent.
Go retire, you're useless and a traitor to the Party.


Congrats your name affiliated with Pelosi, Boner and Rachel Maddox! U bring shame to the party, Lindsey Graham also. Do your job for USA 
NO Vote on this skinny repeal. That's a snake bite.
Senator McCain work to get a bipartisan bill. Be the hero.
Yesterday I've been 2 harsh with you re. your vote to discuss the healthcare bill. Today you voted no, as announced. Pls accept my apologies
#phonysenator
I like your Ammendments.  They seem pretty fair.
How about taking out the tax breaks for the rich and address that later with tax reform. It has no place in healthcare.
Please stop "helping". You could have acted with integrity yesterday. Instead, two yes votes.
regular order for such an important piece of legislation, bipartisan as well, it is possible, Trump could get a win here
Listen to the people John
Just REPEAL the damn thing!!!   So disappointed in your NO votes!!!
just complete B.S. John.  Nothing fair about trying to force States that refused the Obamacare bait to pay for those that suckled that tit.
It's not just about Medicaid. You need to work with Democrats to strengthen the ACA and build on what you already have
Good move. "Skinny repeal" will make things worse for Arizonans. We need you to vote no.
