@mc_magic1887
People are fed up with Congress because the GOP is cowardly allowing our democracy to be hijacked by Team Trump and Russian collusion.
Vote no sir! Don't give the left what they want!
How did we not get you be POTUS instead of the clown we have,,, shame on us...
You vote party line at all times .Now we are paying for beer for your celebrating taking health care  .
Last I checked it was Obama who added $9 trillion in debt
Agree with you, sir. So don't vote in this AHCA disaster bill until you've read All of it and sought variety of perspectives on its outcomes
MCCAIN
I JUST DON'T GET IT! 
WHY ARE YOU STILL
A GOP!
YOU'D MAKE A
FORMIDABLE
&
INVINCIBLE
DEM!
NONE of ur GOP colleagues
Have such heart!
GOP is always discuss how many pages of legislation But Sen McCain you are right most do not care about substance or discussion
Vote no shut it down
There are ppl w/ hearts & then those that just care about more $ in their pockets...sad days in American gov't. WWJD? Care for poor 1st.
YOU are one of the things we are fed up with in Congress.
Many representatives didn't even read the Bill DESPICABLE!!!
I wish someone would "soften their stance" on the American people for a change.  But there's no money in it, oh well!
You just proved that as senior Senator of the majority party you have no influence. You are isolated & ineffective.
Give back your salary - fire your staff - turn in your Country Club card - forfeit your taxpayer funded retirement & you'll have some cred
Fed up with you being a partisan hack and Trump syncophant. You talk tough and vote party line. Tired of the phony act sir
We are fed up with people like you
You and Lindsey Graham pretended to care about our democracy being hijacked by Team Trump/Russia.  Now your wife is joining ranks with them.
Your tepid response to Team Trump collusion with Russia is obvious.  You and the GOP Congress, who have put Party before morals will vanish.
Behind those fancy doors so insulated from REALAmerica, I appreciate ur efforts 2remind them about us out here& I believe ur passion #resist
Your party is entirely in charge. They are clinically insane
Thank you Senator McCain! You may be only one of the very few republican Senators that really care about the average American.
You are part of the problem.  If you realize we can't fight the world and not overpay for every weapon for ur defense buddies
No sir, it is no wonder at all. This is only part of the reason as you very well know.
Traitor
Senator please vote against the AHCA. If for nothing else, for our veterans who need treatments for PTSD.
wake up you are no lgood ne'er relevant.
It's okay senator, your health insurance isn't going away, so anger it on up...
MCCAIN,
WITHOUT U, 
THE GOPS
ARE
SOUL-LESS
HEARTLESS
UNTHINKING
RAVENOUS
SELF-CENTERED
GREEDY
ZOMBIES
CLAWING AT OUR
LIVING ROOM WINDOWS
People are fed up with politicians, period!
As a physician I am appalled at the risk to our citizen's lives posed by AHCA. Please vote against it and then FIX current system!
Thank you John McCain for being honest, honorable, and sensible.
You keep speaking out about things but when push comes to shove you vote party over country.
Are YOU doing everything you can to end the madness???
Anyone in the room with you John?
John McCain is one of the very few senators I have any respect for these days. Oh how I wish he were president instead of that orange clown!
lol McCains warmonger.
Trump said he loves war.
You are terrible and your personal bias is so transparent.  Nobody listens to you any more.
stop whining and do something constructive that isn't all about your own personal ego gratification.  Weak stick.
Same with Trumpcare. I am worried about the future of our country.
thank you for caring. I hope it continues when it come to healthcare #ProtectOurCare #VoteNOAHCA
@StevenMWolfe3  Not really, just fed up with you.
Shame the internet calls it reget
Sen McCain, why are you silent about Trump & the GOP, health care, RussiaGate, etc? Not like you to not speak your mind.
Vote no senator. Simple. Either it's done like our country demands ir vote NO NAY
Yep fed up. And take that stemming group of hot garbage called republicans with you. Is this your America senator?
What has happened to planned parenthood. .  How many abortions are they performing and cutting babies apart?  Is votes worth a life?
EVERYONE NEEDS TO WATCH THIS!
Your party controls all branches of government. Maybe stop whining. If you don't like it vote no. Bit you won't.
The hoise just passed a bill to strip health care from 24+ million people with no hearings, markups or CBO score. That's why we hate you
Then resign. You are the government.
So what have you done in the last 30 years besides increase the debt, increase the deficit, and enrich your self worth?!
people are fed up with government-all of it not just congress
It will be of little avail to the people that laws are made by men..if the laws are so voluminous that they cannot be read J Madison
Or so incoherent that they cannot be understood
Wish you could do more than just wag your finger at your own party.
As McCain softens his tone on #Trump, the State Dept considers giving his wife a job http://apnews.com/10f31799021749 … via @AP. #Corrupt
"No real debate"...Hmm...so, based on this logic, we can count on you to vote NO on the #AHCA when it arrives in the Senate...right??
Agree and I'm a democrat.
Same with Healthcare NATIONAL DISGRACE Trumpcare No Review, No CBO input, many of Congress have not seen the bill. Thief in the Night.
I understand your point but honestly, our Congress moves too damn slow for me & definitely for @POTUS  So, you can always vote No!
I love you @senjohnmccain. You are brilliant and plain speaking.
You attached a rider to take indigenous sacred land away from Apaches---so you expect others to do Better? Hmm
you are beginning to get it. I might begin to like you. Vote down the healthcare bill.
Do Not Vote For this horroble healthcare bill- it should have REAL EVALUATION & FEEDBACK before ANY decision
Why do you get so many days off how do you get anything done in the few days you're there
Senator, your party sucks. You're a decent guy. The GOP doesn't deserve you.
Your right I have had enough of my government there supposed to be for me and they never get anything done but argue
You're right about FED-UP...@realDonaldTrump another lie from the fake news right mr president? So many lies, big lies.
Thank God for someone in washington with some sense. Maybe we could use this on the health care bill @SenJohnMcCain. Heaven help us
It's over for you. #RepealandReplaceJohnMcCain
We are especially fed up with you.
Your always almost there, but never quite enough.
Thank you Senator McCain, for being what seems to be one of the last good GOP in congress. USA losing our democracy and representation.
Too much beer at the game last night Johnny?  Run out of people to call "war criminals". Trying to trade for a useless war in Middle East?
Please do your best to stop this insane bill in the Senate.
Fed up with you and the democrats!
John. We're fed up with you. Can't figure what you're campaigning for so must be 2divert from Disaster called the AZ VA? Or Pelosi seat?
So, you voted yes?
Where was your filibuster, buster?
Your voting record does not match your rhetoric.
With all due respect, you will end up or have voted for it like you have done on almost every vote since Jan 20.
You're a real warrior-hero on Twitter, but you will vote for this with your Senate Comrades. We see you!
#BuildTheWall
Looks like the Health Bill RYAN Ran Down our Throats for the Glory of Trump & Big Business. Money is the Carrier for Ryan & Bills like this
So, you would rather a #governmentshutdown .
Let's hope you did not vote for it. Because you line up with your party every time, no matter what you say. We the people are fed up.
I certainly hope you plan on voting no when the HB 1649 comes to the Senate
THE OLD MAN HAVING A CONNIPTION! NO GRACEFUL EXIT FROM AN EXTRAORDINARY  LIFE   HONOR RESPECT SERVICE   HERO MY HERO NO FOOL LIKE OLD FOOLS
People will die from this corrupt reckless decision; all just to line the pockets of the wealthy. It's tax reform not healthcare.
Do not vote for #AHCA
DC continues to embarrass Americans on global stage not to mention bankrupt the country. Friggin' joke.
Shame on the Senate. You're right, Sen. McCain.

Your colleagues in house voted to take healthcare away from vets.. yeah, we're gdamned fed up
Maybe because guys like you talk like an adult but still vote for Trump?
Preach!
@TheDemocrats @SenateDems @DavidCornDC @greta @CNN @MSNBC @MorningJoe @chrislhayes @funder after AHCA NO GO IN SEN/dems celebrate in rose G
why no house debate on this bill. can't we get some dems involved, even if they have been less than helpful in the past
Waiting for elections. #thismustend
We must stop this. This bill against all Americans.
Vote no on Ryan/trump care and tax breaks for the wealthy. Stand up and do something for Americans. No more party before country.
this made me angry cry. I have so many family members affected by this. Please help them. Please!
Now what about Health Care??
Getting some air time while not doing anything, are we? Americans are tired of your posturing before the cameras. Investigate trump,
Best part is, you'll vote it through the Senate next
Thank you for doing the right thing.  Speaking the truth.  You are an honest good man.
@MSNBC @JoeNBC @CNN @attn @cnn @chrislhayes @hardball @funder @hardball @JoyAnnReid @maddow Sen McCain did you vote yes or no on AHCA
Please vote NO on the AHCA. It is not a conservative solution to healthcare. Repair the ACA. Don't know it up. AHCA is a disaster for USA.
Truly poor way to run a government.
We are fed up with u
As fed up as w/passing healthcare leg. with no debate, CBO report, pre-existing condition assurances, only backroom threats and dealmaking .
I agree with you here. So how will you vote on the #ACA repeal? that didn't get a GAO assessment and pushed through congress?
I hope you feel the same way with a non-CBO scored healthcare bill that affects hundreds of millions of Americans
America was counting on you. You are as callous as the rest of the @GOP.
Healthcare, WHERE TO YOU STAND SIr?
Yeah, and you'll vote for it when it gets to the Senate.
We are now expecting YOU senator McCain to vote NO on #Ryancare
What happened Sen. McCain.. Have we lost our mind or morals?
originate legislation that makes every bill stand on its own. NO adding pork or special interest. Let each bill stand on its own.
Please act. Please stand up for all of us. For humanity. Please.
Sorry, we're all worried about our healthcare system.
Personally, I'm sick of hearing you saying one thing & doing the opposite.
Why did you vote to allow an ISP the right to sell my information
geez John. You're on target & then you're off. Can't get a read. Do you not know that US ppl are beyond sick of congress? Right side of hx!
As a fellow veteran, I am unsure where we went wrong. Have ppl lost touch with the idea, nay, the TRUTH of what is right?
Counting on the Senate to reverse the travesty the House just passed.
It is your part sir. Corrupted, mean, killing health care doing everything in its power to gain power, get some "wins" at our expense
Con, the opposite of pro... Congress the opposite of progress...
no shit!
I know I am fed up with all of you who take care of big business and your own wealth...
I agree 100%.  Please now put action behind your words. We are spiraling and your constituents are very worried.
this was Obama's last budget and no one was going to change it dramatically. Start thinking about September and get something positive done
we want term limits
Another photo op, Senator?
Another embarrassing day for America
Have a lobbyist license?
Here's the problem with gov't -There is no limit on campaign contributions. Politicians are just puppets of industry & special interest grps
Fed up with you too- Are you EVER going to RETIRE????
Agree. Fed up with president and congress. We are now like a Third World country.
You talk a good game but always tow the party line! You're part of the problem...
You tell 'em John!
You are, and have been, and will continue to be a major part of the problem.
Mr. Senator, please fight for us and shut it down until Congress and the American people are properly informed of its contents
Well, today they're upset because the House is more than happy to take their healthcare away and give it to 1% as a tax break. Ppl will die.
They're fed up because of GOP taking health ins from millions of people and screwing people with pre-existing conditions w/ no CBO score.
One trillion! Why unamendable? Why no debate? Lack of transparency by GOP utterly frustrating! We are paying attention to all your actions!!
You sir are a Real Statesman.
It's your party, John.
We all know you're gping to vote yes, john. It's what you do. Stool pigeon
Just keep voting for the action & then crying about the results. What exactly does that make you? Hypocrite comes to mind! Lousy one at that
I love it when congressmen tell me how horrible congress is.  Should probably fire the lot of you, yes?
I never understood the reason to count the pages. @.gop always touting how many or how few pages! 
They never argue the actual bill!
They have, Paid staff and think tanks telling them what to say an its alway "look at the SIZE" complete frauds who cannot govern! Only lie!
And you know old Jonny Boy! Great in front of a camera but! Party over country everytime #trumpRussia .@SenJohnMcCain RUSSIA! Time 2 #Riseup
it's the proposed medical bill they are most upsat about.
I'm fed up with the lack of leadership in the Republican Party. You've all caved.
Trump has the blood of Americans on his hands for the Trump I don't care healthcare bill Americans will hold you accountable
WTG Senator McCain
Normally I'm against anything YOU do.
Then vote no. Period. And then lead.
Wow.  As a Canadian I find myself very confused with your system of government.  Thanks for posting.
Talk to your asshole's across the Aisle. The obstructionist Democrats.
hint:  that's not the only reason
A loosing proposition. Thanks Republicans and Donnie. Your jobs ARE on the line. @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @RoyBlunt @USRepLong XOXO
Then why haven't you started a filibuster with your Democrat friends?
OY VEY, SHUT IT DOWN!
It would be nice to get many nuanced bills instead of single ominbus yes/no vote - but that comes with political visibility/risk, doesn't it
Thank you for being a reasonable voice to a party that is going off the tracks
Don't let them pull that on the House Trump Care disgrace! (If it makes it) The deficits will be historic!
For one rare time I agree with McCain. Wow I cant believe I'm saying this. Of all people it's McCain standing up to this bill.
Thank you for at least being embarrassed about this vote.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!
Your votes don't match your words. You're in the majority. Stop complaining. DO SOMETHING.
We actually need a Real budget....the last one was President Clinton....you remember Sir!
If they shut down the government, they'll still get paid their full salary: why not push for a paid weekend right? No skin off their backs.
You're one of the senior Senators of the majority party - stop complaining and do something about it.  We'll be happy to have you be a Dem
Adam you are so right. When are the grown-ups going to do the right thing?
