BREAKING NEWS: U.S. Treasury Department sanctions Venezuelan President Maduro
Do you immediately send a merciful angel or will you wait a little?Nothing better than American democracy wherever you go leave God's peace
Now only if we can get US Seantors like yourself to stand with their constituents rather than lying to them we may be in good shape.
What? Standing with the people? What do YOU know about that???
Let the UN Hand this issue, you have so many more important items for AMERICA.
You are a true hero, Sen. McCain.
Thank you!
thank you john
you are a war loving psychopath. 
CIA Director already confirmed this:
You have already built Libya, Syria, Afghanistan, only to live there normally is not possible.
You are builders, you are all shit....
Did sanctions ever work? Anyone? Ever? My point exactly.
The citizens of the USA REQUEST YOUR IMMEDIATE RESIGNATION FOR INCOMPETENCE AND SUVERSION OF OUR WISHES. You should have thought about us/US
Thank you from this Independent! Please get well! Thanks for supporting a bipartisan reworking of healthcare!
All #Power to the #People John
Columbia and X patriots along with Rubio and Cruz lobbying funds for Miami Mexico axios.This is Good Neighbors Policy. Venzu work countries
Sanctions need to expand to include ban on heavy oil imports. Pay now or pay later!
Maybe you should worry more about the people you were elected to serve. Until then out you may want to stay out of others business
Oh we can stand with them but YOU cant stand with your own ppl and party to get some relief from failing #obamacare !
TRUMP is POTUS. You never will be no matter how many times you vote on Chucky Shmuckers side.
Get well sir!
Time to resign, John McTraitor
When is P45 going to stand with American Ppl? When is he signing the bill?!
.@SenJohnMcCain should know... Thanks to his treason we'll have the same health care system as them soon.
You sound like you are the POTUS. Tough job but someone has to do it. Hope you're doing ok today sir. Hugs from a tx lib.
When a lib is proud of a conservative, either they aren't liberal or the other not conservative. I think we know the answer with McCain
That's ridic. I respect sen M. Indont agree with all his approaches on policy but he's earned a place in history. And, he's a badass.
to bad you didn't stand with the people
Thanks Senator!
Looser R.I.P. Traitor
Dear Sir: You are supposed to be resting.
His two faced old ass should be retiring instead
You also stand with all the countries you're responsible for bombing? The refugees you've created? The civilians you've murdered?
I suppose mccain,  the war whore wants to invade Venzualia now
We can't get our own issues corrected, yet tell other countries how to operate. We need to work on our citizens issues
Bad Work - u promised to lead repeal of Obummercare...but instead your legacy is lying to American people!
Brain cancer is your karma. Sadly
Please don't act like you care at all. You care very little about the struggles of middle class, lower class ppl anywhere on this earth
I don't know if this will work given how the Cuba sanctions had both pluses and minuses. Ugh I hope this goes okay.
Go away.
Thank you senator!

Try helping us in the USA! We will never forget YOU screwed us!
But John McCain doesn't stand with the people of USA that voted for him to repeal Obamacare
I am glad to hear that especially when US government doesn't stand together with its own citizens
What about Turkey's Erdogan? Hope your treatment is going well. :)
Are we funding these guys?
Shut up. You only stand with George Soros and your Ukrainians.
And you stand with democRATS to screw Americans

Too bad you don't even stand with Americans you socialist liar
True Americans stand by u, they don't even begin to understand what service, let alone a lifetime of service looks like. Get leisure in Sir!
John McShame stands with #GeorgeSoros #Obamacare
Senator,  our Country stands by while another Cuba is formed. We pay this regime Millions in oil payments. As long as we get that oil, NP
The sheer number of liberals thanking you speaks volumes senator. #RINO #lastterm #disappointment #embarrassment
keep sanctioning but you fraud congress/Senate/President lost all credibility on Planet earth> 99% entire wealth looted by 1% via WALL ST
Please resign, no one cares about what you have to say.
Sir , Kurdish people needs your support for their independence from Iraq?
Too bad you don't stand with the American people.
Thank you for not voting for the junk "slim" health bill, you did the right thing.
So @SenJohnMcCain you support another country more that the one you live in? When are you got stand for AMERICAN people?
You don't even stand with your people, of course you stand with socialists.
Now do something for us john! Pass health care and the rest of the Presidents agenda.
Get on board and stop Obama Care. It is hurting all of us and it needs to die.
I HOPE TO GOD THAT BRAIN TUMOR EXPLODES IN YOUR F'N HEAD YOU F'N TRAITOR! YOU WILL GO TO PRISON F'N WARMONGER!
Sir,it saddens me to see the maliciousness written here. I was adult in 68,watched it all. Apologize to you for the hate displayed here.
Wish you comfort in your fight with that glioblastoma. All the best to you, Sir.
I am still pissed off about the failure to repeal Obamacare
Die USA stand nie zu Völkern, sondern nur zu Putschisten oder Diktatoren .... oder es machte die selbst.
*sanctions penalties.   FIFY.
When will you stand with the ppl of AZ?
We will "stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths" like YOU, in the senate. "To hell with them" u sd. Well, u know the way 2 that place.

Dear Mr McCain, don't forget about Ukraine and Russian political prisoners
U didn't stand w Americans suffering fr ocare. U don't care abt us.
Keep expressing your opinion Senator. You're the closest thing we have to a real President right now and we need you.
And how are the Sanctions against Russia going????
Senator John McCain God bless you and your family. 
You are one of a few extremely respectful people. I was a baby bush fan until Irag.
I did vote for you in the primaries. 
God speed in healing and healt Sir.
Nobody's looking for your approval. Go buy some Obamacare.
How dare you interfere in another country's political system.
#Trader #FakeRepublican
No thanks John, you don't speak for me. If I must be pinned, I want it on President Trump. USA USA USA
Big freaking deal!It's not our fight! We have enough trouble of our own!Get with the program our resign! Man up
You mean your Wall St leash holders are happy you're helping them continue the artificial economic crisis they created. #ShockDoctrine
You have no compassion for the suffering in Venezuela under the fascist socialist dictatorship? What a shame
The suffering isn't caused by socislism. Ask Denmark, Sweden etc how much they're "suffering" with the highest standards of living in world.
Socialsim kills. Look at the USSR. Cuba. Venezuela. Greece. And Scandinavia is becoming more capitalist.
No, Scandinavia is a socialist democracy and they are not giving up their basic human rights to healthcare, food, water, and shelter.
Healthcare isn't a human right. You have no RIGHT my money or to a doctors service.
Yes, we do. You have benefited from society's infrastructure, free education, and publicly funded medical research. You owe society for all.
And we payed into that. Work for money. Don't expect handouts from the dear beloved government
Donate your brain to science and let us move on. http://www.usanewsflash.com/mccain-promised-repeal-obamacare-campaign/ …
But Not Turkey!
@Reuters you stad with the people who want to steal their oil scumbag... Don't humor me with your caring about those people
Who cares how you feel. You are irrelevant. Go back to bed old man.
Glad you're staying in touch.  Keep going Timex Man.
YOU... dont even stand for your own ACA victims
Repeal & Replace McCain!
So are we going to give them wepons so you can continue to get wealthy. AZ should be really proud of John.
What about our country John. U are a turn coat. I would be ashamed if I were you.
To bad RINO senators from Arizona don't stand with the American people and the Pres who is in the publics good graces...
You're on drugs if you think that DJT is in our good graces.  McCain knows meaning of There but for the grace of God go I.  Figure it out.
ايها الشعب الفنزويلي اصغو الي ان امريكا تريد خراب فنزويلا  هذا الكلام قالوه لنا عندما هاجمنا بشار وقصفنا بالطيران انتبه جيدا لبلدكم
Oh did you f*** them with Obamacare to retire it's time
Too bad this admin doesn't stand with the people of the U S.djt says they deserve free and fair elections-so do we. What a hypocrite djt is
They're broke.  Price of oil in single industry economy is catastrophic. How will the desperate see this?  Exacerbation of their misery?
Gas prices will go up and that benefits Russia's oil based economy. Great
Can you please give POTUS lessons on how to tweet and what to tweet about. He can learn a great deal from you!
First & foremost stand with your very own people then try to do good to other countries where you are unable to appoint your puppet thru CIA
What happened to the State Department?  Trump should not have replaced it with Jared and Ivanka.
Yes Johnnie the govt does function without you
Why did we not sanction Chavez and his successors?
I like that you are sending out very worthwhile grownup tweets
I'm mad as hell at him. But like my son and millions and millions deserve insurance for their care, being so callous with cancer is wrong
تصدق انك ابن وسخة
Any way you could be President during Trump's "vacation"?
And where do you stand, traitor?


Too bad you did not stand for the people in Arizona on Healthcare.
I'm waiting for an allied country to put sanctions on US and topple our dictator. It's our turn, folks!
I am waiting for you to be arrested traitor
I have no good words for you - the fact that you even show your face sickens me.
Glad to see your still tweeting Sen.McCain
Traitor.  :(
Is there a war somewhere that you don't support or want to get in the middle of?
Obamacare for you.
Why are you keeping a blind eye on us
Venezuela has more oil reserves than all of Persia. They currently export about two million barrels a day of which half goes to the US.
Ahhhhh. Then makes perfect sense. We always seem to have the 'morality' to help when oil is involved.
Forgot that tape before coming home? https://youtu.be/zO0mHEJyC3Y 
The people of Venezuela need our help Mr Senator, please do not let communism take this country. Russia has the total control through Cuba
People of Venezuela need to start taking care of themselves. Freedom has a price.  Easy way out is just servitude to a different tyrrany.
We need to stand with South Korea, against N. Korea & let China know where we stand.
Being able to talk reasonably with both sides is a plus not a negative.
history tells me that what you are saying isn't how you really feel.

Do you have an expiration date yet!
Anything you touch or talk about gets bombed.
Why aren't you dead yet ?? Please hurry up
I think #Venezuela has had enough of the #US “standing” for them!
As in good old time?
The United States is in no position to lecture any other country on its leadership...
Boom!
Why are you two faced. That is what would have happened here if killary was elected. And you dont want to clear out the swamp.
Good news! Now hope Trump signs the Russian sanctions bill!
What happened to stand with your USA people?  Repeal and replace!
Gr8. When are you going to stand with the people of arizona? #nomandatehealthins
Good at least you guys support another countryband not ours!
God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain! A True American Hero!
We need to be careful when delivering sanctions that they target Maduro's government and not further the suffering of the Venezuelan people
They are broke.  They have a single industry economy. Oil. What can be 'targeted' that just doesn't make misery more unbearable?
Thank You! I wish we could do even more.  They are starving and people are looting.  And going out after dark is dangerous.
Yes it's very sad!
RESIGN #MAGA
Just Go Away Traitor !!!!!
At the rate we are going we may have to sanction ourselves.  rooting for you, senator. You are in my prayers.
Maybe the Queen will rescue us?
The evil that constantly leaks from you sickens me.
Mr McCain I apologize for being negative but these hurtful people need to understand what an American is. And you are one of the best
#Awan in the White House #DopedBlackBerries
McCain knew.Hand delivered fake dossier.
Donny Boy is this one of you million accounts, your writing here looks very similar.  Does not make since
Maduro and Trump, peas in a pod.
Send some seals and take the crap out of them PLEASE!
as if anyone even knows of anything good being done with all the chaos. It's a nightmare!
Thank you Senator!
For being an obama kiss ass
nobody needs your comments stay home
Traitor

Stroke please.
He will beg for gods forgiveness to wash away all of his sins. If he strokes then maybe he will forget.
Hope u get better soon
