
Putin is winning American government is not functioning because of Trump.Time to right your ship!!!!
Matt Drudge nails it: John McCain is face of ‘corruption’ - http://go.shr.lc/2veL6NC  - @washtimes
POW TURNED POS
Senator you should concentrate on building your strength. Chemo and radiation will take every bit of energy you have.
How's Obamacare working in Arizona
On the bad news for Arizona, they elected a traitor that lied to them about repealing Obamacare in order to get elected! #Fraud
Listen, Mr. No Name, they elected a hero. A man who stands by his words. I don't see you doing that.
What drugs are you taking and what has he done so far that he's kept his word on. The bill he wants passed hurts millions of people
Patriot Rome, who I was replying to, was talking about John McCain.
John McCain may be a Republican but he's saved America's butt by voting no on the ACA he wants the house to work together
U have misunderstood what I said earlier. Agree w/you. I support Obama care. I like John McCain. I've already thanked him f/what he did!
Did u see my apology that i understood
Doesn't this old fart ever shut up
And insurance premiums will go up another 30% next year so your family can't afford to go see it.
Trump is mentally unstable to be president he is dangerous! Psychiatrists from USA  getting a petition to say he's unfit
Must be little ripples of success durring the trump administration?
Thank you for all you do!  Please don't let Zinke ruin the Grand Canyon. It is such a beautiful place that needs to be kept for generations.
116% increase and your focused on WHAT? retire already.
How about those Obamacare premiums?
Please retire. Help America u r addled.
Sounds like a lot of people are on Medicare &Medicare.


CBD oil is legal in AZ for Cancer.  USE IT and go Vegan!
He needs to be on Obamacare like the rest of us, maybe then stabbing backs wouldnt be so easy! Grandstanding doesnt make the man...
He's earned his VA and Medicare benefits.
He doesn't use the VA, he is too good for that
It's about HEALTH CARE, AND TAXES, your so progressive if Az knee who you really were you would of been a one term senstor
Resign, you are of no value to Republicans or the American people, only to liberals and democrats.
Maybe we should drop your insurance effective immediately!
Screw you mccain. Dont throw in distraction. Go vote with the republicans if you really care. You aren't fooling anyone.
In your profile photo, you look just as pleased with yourself as can be. Well, WE'RE NOT PLEASED WITH YOU! You're not CHAINED to Obamacare!
#RecallMcCain

You not only screwed the Republicans, you also screwed the American people.
Why do you run as a Republican?
Thats the same area Trump was bragging recently about the reinvigorated uranium mining threatening the Canyon's drinking water for millions?
How about repealing subsidies for Congress and congressional staff.
You should resign.
You are a liar
Hypocrite
RINO
Loser
Backstabber.. I hope President Trump puts you and all of your cronies on O-Care.
Let's not let people drill for oil there, what do ya' say?
RESIGN #MAGA
You saved millions of lives Senator.  You are an American hero.
Songbird.
Wow is that all you can talk about?
Thanks for screwing us on Obamacare. You betrayed the voters.

RECALL  McCain.. Sign recall petition today


Wow, that is great news johnny, I would enjoy it more with out the knife in my back that you put there.
Thanks for reminding us that most of America lies outside the quagmire of DC.
Everyone is afraid we will lose all National Parks to Trump. They are going while they still can.
Retire you hurt the Repub Party
Have a wonderful day Sen. McCain.

The only good news for AZ n the entire country is when ur name appears in the obit. Column
Really maureen? If you're real,  grow up and shut.up.
1st amend. Still in place! Don't like it go to ur safe space. Crayons, play doh safety pins await u
You're so funny.
Typical lib. Do as I say not as I do. Is this the best u got? U tell me to grow up.  lol
Sell out.
So excited to visit Grand Canyon- first trip. Son and I will tour the north side to avoid crowds on the south side. Thx for the article!
Please stop Trump from taking our insurance!!!!!

You're a commie traitor.  And liar
HOPE u can keep climate deniers out of our US wonders.
And all along I thought you were better than Jane Fonda and John Kerry- oh well
TRAITOR!
and our Interior secretary wants to shut it down as political revenge
The only "good news" I want to hear from you is the expiration date you get from your doctor.
Had the balls to stand up to the Pathological Liar.  Thank you sir for doing right by Your Country
Might as well have kissed obamas ass and been passed around by the Muslim brotherhood- a coward always shows his colors in the end
Milked that POW stuff long enough, the truth always prevails
America is at war with Islam, and you better know what side yr on and the sooner people like McCain understand the better
TRAITOR PLEASE GO AWAY
I hope the Native Americans will be happy in thier refugee camps in Arizona Senator ...
cannot thank you enough Senator
BiPartisan Fix for ACA is the right thing
GRATEFUL
Ohio Resident
Liberal Democrat

State Park.
Grand Canyon? A big hole...you should check it out..try it on for size..your head may not fit.
the definition of Traitor yet somehow hailed as a heroic patriot. What a twisted world we live in.

7 GOP no votes on straight repeal
•Alexander TN
•Capito WV
•Collins ME…
Traitor
legalize marijuana in Arizona

