NIce photo op, but will you speak out against anti-intellectualism and climate change denial in GOP?
Can you persuade Senators to step back from Mr. Trump/Bannon's escalating divisiveness?  Russia, ACA, Education!  Help!
President Trump is a clear and present danger to the national security of the U.S. GOP must step up to preserve democracy.
:Russia interference in election continues to produce! Trumps lies, refusal to disclose taxes, & cabinet pick lies under oath
 I love you. I respect you. Let's have a conversation.
Thanks for the Townhall - NOT ! AZ would like to know what the hell is going on in DC. Madman at the helm

How very American: "John McCain’s campaign manager arrested over pedophilia..." http://www.northcrane.com/2017/03/04/john-mccains-campaign-manager-arrested-over-pedophilia-charges-against-young-boys/ …
#pizzagate
if the school title were only true!
Can't U see how crazy the POTUS is?  We have to B the laughing stock of the nation, scary.  Do something!!!
be a hero. Country over party. #trumprussia
dear john would you like to explain about requesting money from Russia in 2008?
Trump is ridiculous, enough is enough! GOP, it's time to impeach and replace POTUS! Save America from this twisted, Madman!
Stand up with @POTUS or leave office.  Republicans need to stand together. We will vote you out like we voted you in!
child molester along with your campaign manager
I heard your Vietnam audio for the first time today.  Wow.
You ain't no macdaddy  - you're piss poor week -
Senator; we the people are depending on you to save us from the megalomaniac in the White House.
: Dream come true for Russia- Washington looks chaotic & weak. Russia exploiting same. Very dangerous. Please move on this
: Need independent commission (Colin Powell, Sandr Day O'Conner etc) to investigate Trump ties to Russia and election  asap
funny how much harder you oppose Trump than you've ever opposed Obama. GOP needed Trump more than ever.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Military support great.Constituents waiting for Sen.McCain Town Halls.
why don't you have a great meeting with your fellow senators and #impeach45
Why? "The #Rothschilds Own John McCain"
Please stop Trump from robbing our country blind. Tax returns! Espionage!
You work for Democrats. Change your party.
Stand with Trump!  Get Obamacare repealed! Now is not the time to flip flop!  #MAGA
Economic thought: ACA creates jobs, saves rural hospitals, keeps AZ'S workforce healthy, letting them earn and spend.
I certainly hope you have nothing to do with the curriculum! #TermLimits
you are a traitor to this country #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #treason
John U know this house of cards of an administration is just a breeze away from crumbling Let the breeze in
please push for special prosecutor. !! The American people have a right to the truth.
you define what a true sellout is
Faustian Bargain- I used to trust you. No more. Tax returns, Russia. Now Sessions lying &  not one R standing up-all partisan
I hope you didn't cuss at him and call him ugly names like you did that female reporter.
Sen. McCain, please apply yourself to exposing Trumps numerous lies and corruption. We need your help.
we no help from McCain .. he is a corrupt pos like all the others fighting against OUR POTUS TRUMP!!!
your friendship w/ @jeffsessions that you can't side w/ the American people? This is our country's future.
Friendship should not = accomplice. Demand resignation
Since u want investigation into Russian meetings, let's start with you first - Didn't Nixon pardon you?
Suggestion for course One....How to have the courage to stand up and prevent a dictator from taking over .
Are you doing to disclose your secret trips to Europe?  With The Russians?  RESIGN MCCAIN!  You are now a traitor
<---is a liberal pretending to be a republican. @ASU <---the best pole dancing school  in america.

John McCainさん

　Great meeting w/ ◯◯

Thank you very much.

@SenJohnMcCain @ASU @michaelcrow
Admirable; for @ASU, Sen. John McCain

Do you ever spend time in D.C.? Don't we have the ACA, tax bill, immigration bills to work on? 894/899
Hey John-boy!! What are you doing - pretending you're @POTUS?? You lost, remember?? Or has senility set in?
When are you Sir going to meet with Our @POTUS Or are you still letting jealousy rule your cooperation?
you know that Betsy Devos is going to destroy our school system for our children. So how are they going to College?
please tell me they haven't forbidden social justice classes?!?   My Alma matter
no defense of the american people on your list- again.
Too bad ETHICS isn't in there somewhere.
so what are you going to do to support students?
