4/ Why is a mentally unstable person's right to purchase a semi auto GREATER than the safety of our families, our children?
Due 2 Repugs sleeping with NRA like common whores!$&Guns more important in USA than human beings or life itself!
You mean like campaigning on a promise then breaking it to further the destruction of America because you don't like the President.
We need you to step up form a valid third party! With mid-stream senators and congressmen from both sides and take back America!
I'm in. 
#McCain for POTUS on bipartisan ticket with: @JoeBiden @RepAdamSchiff @ossoff @RepSwalwell @SenKamalaHarris @SenFranken @Acosta
https://apply.whitehouse.gov/thankyou 
I respect the Senator for his positions thru the years...it reminds me that opposition the Vietnam War was hard as well...think about it
Speaking of patriotism- did your boy Donny follow through with the Russia sanctions? That was due yesterday, right?
You have no idea what "being "patriotic" is.
How would you know about patriotism? Traitor!
http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-las-vegas-shooting-live-updates-congress-unable-to-pass-firearm-1506964271-htmlstory.html … SAY NO! Stop with empty prayers and Condolences! Put Human Life above NRA and Guns
http://moving-planet.org 
On the other hand, fighting the war in Vietnam was patriotic to some..no decision required...following thru on that was not easy either
please retire you are not helping American families and democratic care about them self only
5/They can easily turn a semi auto into an auto -can buy kits online.SO WRONG! Even our police don't have these weapons.
Yea a 3rd party.  Call it the RINO party. 7 years of repeal and replace, then you turn your back.

Thank you senator for your service
While our politics differ, we both served and I respect you for that and your shown love for this nation.
Thanks and proud to have served as I am sure that you are as well.
2/Please give me ONE GOOD REASON why a semi automatic should be legal?
Wonderfully said. I have to continue to believe that the good patriots like McCain will continue to stand up for what is right.
Yes Joyce I'd agree. And there are many many more good patriots than not ( that includes all NFL players.) Stand being operative...together.
Yes Lyn; NFL Players, like all Americans, have the Constitutional right to free speech and to peaceful protest.
Txs for reply Joyce. I think I was being sarcastic about the lack of gun laws (my view.) Nonetheless, sarcasim is not the way. I am sorry. 
Your not being patriotic your doing all you can to ruin Trump not work with him you work the other side of the Isle get paid for it too
6/Mr MCCain, U are a man of integrity and honor.U know we need to do something!  Help us
Denise Whitebook has signed lot`s of Our Plans towards a greater goals & wish it`s all pre-approved remain approved by the Senates @level4-5
https://www.etown.edu/depts/biology/CecalaCV2014.pdf …
If you spent as much time on legislation as you do on trashing Trump and reading some reporter view on a topic that YOU auto take as truth
Listen to yourself. You weren’t patriotic when you voted against the good obama repeal. You are a vindictive person- not a patriot- songbird
Trump's corruption in unimaginable in USA government!  It's time to IMPEACH!
YIU READ MEXCAAN LANGUAGE  Y DO NOT READ ENEG

Well, that's no good. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-russia-hpe-specialreport/special-report-hp-enterprise-let-russia-scrutinize-cyberdefense-system-used-by-pentagon-idUSKCN1C716M …
3/What about OUR rights to assemble peacefully,2 go 2 concerts, church, school, movies WITHOUT BEING SHOT?
1/Senator, you are our only hope. Seems to me the price of allowing "anyone" to buy "any" gun is starting to be too high a price?!
NOONE supported McCain more than I did! Now I just see him as a juvenile who’s B****ING. Are you a patriot or not, Mr. McCain?!
Senator McCain, Thank you for being patriotic then & now. I saw you in Ken Burns' Vietnam War on PBS, sooo happy you returned. Whatacontrast
DCreport & Mr Sain t/y for the article on an Amer Hero, Sen McCain. I viewed Vietnam War, Russia Update, S.O.B's n the same night/oh my ×@#$
TAKE ACTION NOW #nrabloodmoney #GunContolNow
When it comes to gun reform, seems like Republican congresspeople care more about taking the NRA’s money than they do about saving lives 
Nice job putting BALLZ TO THE WALL on the Jones Act. America loves you.
Tell it the nazis in the U.S!
https://twitter.com/GeorgeTakei/status/914915574756597764 … How many have to die?
Will our lawmakers listen this time? http://qklnk.co/dHFR6j 
Call me a fool - you sir are no patriot.  A true patriot puts the welfare of others ahead of their personal self interests.  Egomaniac maybe
How big is your ego that you have to pass on every single article written that says the least bit positive thing about you?
You sold your patriotism for this country a long time ago. I never thought I would be rooting for a tumor.
Sen. McCain, please introduce bill 2 outlaw auto & semi-auto weapons? U among all ppl, know that their only reason is 2 kill ppl. #Legacy
No
Wow.  You obviously didn't write that.  traitor.
RESIGN You BUM !!!
A true patriot and apparently the only adult in the room. God bless you sir.
I watched you on TV getting off the plane after being released as a POW, frail but strong.  A hero then & now, thank you for your service.
More "must read" instructions from #894.  I wonder what he read during his years at Annapolis, which led to his coming in last in his class.
Go all the way you know what we Americans need Dump Trump!!!!!!!!!!!
Being patriotic is getting captured instead of fighting? I'm looking at who you are. You used your flakiness of a hero to fool us.
We do not need heros who are egotistical and arrogant and only care about their own power and greed..let's look into your foundation John
Being patriotic means tough love and telling you country when it's WRONG! Time to try and live up to our ideals!
McCain Legacy: The Big RINO!
Excellent article. Many admire ur courage and integrity.  The angry and bot army are just louder.
Sure is nice having whacko bird snowflake national trolls as a fan club. Lost your homies Brutus. RETIRE and fade away.
McCain is not a patriot he gave Obamacare twice voting against the American people for selfish reason to punish Pres Trump shame on you
Having doubts Johnny? Don't need to toot your own horn unless you have doubts about yourself. RETIRE Brutus
Your not patriotic at all. What has happened to you. Because Trump hurt your feelings your dumping our country down the liberal drain.
Outlaw high capacity magazines.
Thank you, Sir! @SenJohnMcCain is a great American hero! Even a Democratic like me can see the truth! God Bless John McCain! 
Not if you wrote it.
It’s never for you. Thanks for our healthcare in Arizona you loser
Sorry, but this is nonsense.
R u ready We The Ppl r coming after ur arrest for high treason.
John, read this, “if elected I promise to Repeal and Replace Obamacare”.  You lied  to us!
Really? Thank God for lies
Have you turned on a television today? Mass shooting in #LasVegas and you take the opportunity to pass your selfish agenda off as patriotism
#shameonyou
Yup he will do anything for money and to get his picture in the news!
Go away john
It's not about you senator.  Bad timing.
When will you and you fellow republicans stand up for America and our democracy and remove the pathological delusional liar president 
Please just go away
Retire, please just retire?

McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
I am not a fan of the republican party. But the courage you, @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski demonstrate is true patriotism. Keep going.
Yep, keep going and don't come back-- obstructionists.
Asking for open debate, bipartisanship, middle ground and for all voices to be heard isn't obstructionist. It is being a true american.
I appreciate you , too, sir. TY
Ask yourself the question "Would I vote for someone or something that's good for America, but isn't good for me personally?" #RealPatriot
How do we deal w/ppl who refuse to see what’s happening? Those who criticize you aren’t true Republicans. They’re lemmings.
Senator McCain, you served your country in Viet Nam & you are still serving our country today. Trump says,I felt that I was in the military
Sir, you are a gentleman in the true sense of the word
You are not republican
Senator McCain: I wholeheartedly concur; thank you for being "you"--
Thank you for sharing this sir.
Does that mean YOU are FINALLY going to do the HONORABLE PATRIOTIC action and RESIGN ?!
Nice tribute to you.
Ocrapacare... obstructing Trump... you got pardon from Richard Nixon... You’re not very patriotic if you ask me
You’re not very observant, either. If you’re a Trump supporter, you’re a racist bigot cuz that’s what he is. It’s that simple
Geewhiz Rita... yes President Trump a good man... unlike Ocrapa who shit on Americans... no, I’m not racist... your a bigot though... #MAGA
If you support Trump, you’re indeed a racist. I love all colors & religions.
God loves all his children and so do I, along with our Great President Trump. unlike Ocrapa who doesn’t like Christians. God & Country #MAGA
May God’s true light shine upon you someday... Your false light is bad for the Glory of God... Blessings you
Whatever. You’re still a hypocrite. God can’t help you.
This is perfect, Senator. Every word. Wish I wrote it.
To paraphrase your compatriot @RepAdamSchiff: if they're that upset I'm doing my job.
Fantastic article. Thanks You Sen McCain for your service to Our Country
Know what would be patriotic? Focus on Las Vegas today and TALK about what can be done to stop the killing of Americans w/ military weapons!
You are the standard for patriotism.  Thank you.
You've added $18 trillion to the national debt since you've been in Congress; lost to Obama; stifling people's agenda.  NOT patriotic, John.
People seems to forget that is what busted up the USSR..
Dissent from within
Putin knows this and understands how it can benefit him
Well written. Thank you John McCain 
I doubt you even read the Cliff Notes.
What about my rights to know that someone cannot buy a machine gun online or anywhere else. Stop the sales !! #GunControlNow
Patriotic means #GunControlNow
how much did democrats pay you to save Obamacare??  come on Senator the people of AZ should know.
It should be mandatory reading for your constituents who put politics above everything.




thank you for trying to keep Americans under the protection of healthcare
The problem with you John..it's all about you..what about all the Americans who cannot afford health insurance anymore because of abamacare.
ACA is not the problem.


ALERT → Tmrw Senate vote could mean an end for #netneutrality rules, the principle that the internet should be free & open.
Is that what you tell yourself when you do treasonous actions for the deep state john?
Something that you know nothing about the McCain.

Please help the victims #LasVegasShooting
Well you not very PATRIOTIC when you do not support the @POTUS!
patriotic not to be confused with nationalism

Really!!!  Send him home!
