- sad that you are the one saying it and not our @POTUS! Thank you
Why didn't 45 say these things? Everyone doing his job...get rid of this clown! This embarrassment !!!
Ryans deathcare will kill far more than London.Please vote against it.Destroying medicare&medicaid is pure evil.Tell others
I thought you stood in solidarity with the muslims and all anti American sentiment.
The majority DO NOT want Ryans deathcare.We will remember those who approved it in 2018.It is pure evil!!
and Liberal and Democrats want to bring these terrorist here, home grown or not, it is in the genes.
he took his time because he didn't want to offend mooselimbs.
and to those in recent unnecessary Syria victims...
Yes @SenJohnMcCain, thoughtful words.  But still NO COMMENT from @potus. He's just horrible.  Please hold his feet to the fire.
Don't expect anything from him when it comes to compassion.
Londoners, America's feelings are expressed best by @senjohnmccain NOT @donaldtrumpjr who has no clue what his country feels
Why stand with London when you fully support the importing of those very terrorists into the US. You can't support both sides
you know that you funded ISIS.
.
Which British people John?
.
The radicalized Islamists, or the Protestants?
Traitor McCain retire and stop your bashing of Trump.  We need term limits because of people like you.
prayers aren't working John.
I hope this wakes you up, you wanted more of them over here. You need to stop being a RINO and back the President.
So proud of how honorable you have been for the past year. You deserve the integrity award.
@wikileaks is confirming new info that @SenJohnMcCain is the one leaking classified info to Press
Amen Mr. McCain.
PLEASE do not give up on defeating this so called president, our COUNTRY is more important than party.
Nice wishes but more has to be done
thank u for acknowledging this tragedy since our @POTUS is too busy trying to shove ACA down @HouseGOP. #PresThatDontCare
Please , tell Potus that is not correct to feel sorry, only for the US citizen, must be for all
Just remember, your prayers are going to the same god that Muslims pray to.
psst..... John that happened yesterday.
Russia and N Korea out of control and still you do nothing but talk...  #RESIST
Senator...Although not Repub...Appreciate that you represent the US internationally.  Any Chance you could tutor Trump Jr.
Do your job as a politician for the American people and ban all illegal immigration!
we still pray for the airmen Who died that you are directly responsible for! #traitor
We mourn all killed and injured in #Londonattack and the 783 children killed by guns in first 82 days of 2017 in America.
Senator: did you actually pray for these people before your tweet? Honestly. How about, "I have prayed for the loved ones."
what about the 24 million right here in the US that won't be able to afford healthcare?
provided weapons to US enemy...he is a traitor and needs to be prosecuted to the fullest!!!
agree, but please urge Trump to put a muzzle on his dimwitted son..
If you really cared you wouldn't back ISIS! You're a phony!
Damn Russians...
@judiehowrylak John, don't like ur politics but do love ur loyalty to military and security issues
YES! Sen.John McCain, In my Thoughts and Prayers the same.
keep working on Russia story and please don't vote for SB 18 or HJ 69
If you and Obama and Hillary hadn't created ISIS, would this have happened?
While Trump Jr upends our diplomacy. SAD.
BIAFRA PEOPLE ARE BEEN MURDERED IN NIGERIA BY NIGERIA ISLAMIC GOVT EVERY BODY KEEP QUIET WHY? MCCAIN
let's stop killing innocent people in #Mosul . let's stop collateral damage. think "as if" the other. it is all about thought
John, thank you for being a patriot. Keep it up. Your country needs you.
My sympathy & prayers goes to the victims of terror & their families everywhere. Coalition in Iraq today murdered 300 people.
Amen to that.
How about your prayers for a 14 year old that was raped by 2 illegals. Key word illegals. Get them the hell out of our country !!!  #maga
a white supremacist terrorist also came to NYC to murder black people and killed one man. Let us not ignore domestic terror.
thank you Sen. for your service and continuing voice of reason. Keep pressing the POTUS on all issues.
Too self absorbed in his own campaigning on MSM to the Liberal base they represent What have you done for middle class lately
And the poor man killed by the American white supremacist.
very sad indeed. And what is with trump jr's comment? So offside it's not funny. The whole family is an embarrassment
Senator that was yesterday
What a bullshit statement! No one, but fools, stands with the stupidity of allowing Islamic Radicals to remain in Britain!
We don't need prayers, we need Trump impeached so we can get a POTUS who will be able to fight ISIS instead of tweeting and golfing.
did you want a little buffer time to get the narrative rt ... you are shameful and transparent
really well call out Islam
Amen to that.
