Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked everywhere/not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
When are you going to get Russia out of our Republic?  Special Prosecutor or Special Investigator and FUNDING needed now.
thank you Senator!
Anyone can also watch any public hearing live or on video on C-Span 24/7. Terrific public service. Thank you for your service, Sen.
Wasn't Rudy Guliani the one who was handling cyber security?
I am not good w time but dont need a time capsule to fast forward into a real time zone. No Russians round t corner only paranoid Americans
This is because our president doesn't understand the risks, and isn't capable of crafting appropriate policy to protect our country
So why dont you actually DO something about it?
It won't until you change who the Comrade in Chief is! Doesn't this rub you wrong after surviving as a POW and hero patriot? Does me!
Sir - history will not be kind to you & rest of GOP for being accomplices/complicit to Russia coverup
Veteran FBI director wanted money & manpower to investigate an  interventionist, sovereign, criminal organization, Russia and he got  fired.
You're brilliant , you weren't so concerned when Hillary had our countries classified info in a bathroom server!
You need a policy to ack? Been going on for years and years and what have you done but complain.  Just quit!!
30+ years. YOU 30 YEARS, 30 freakin years complaining about what you have been a part of for 3 freakin decades. just STHU and go away.
McCain is about as real with his righteous indignation as a $3 bill. Talks good game, then goes bhind closed doors and votes the party line
Yes, that is how we got in this fix.
"We the people" demand an independent investigation of tRump Now! Our democracy demands nothing less! Don't be complicit!
I was in the Submarine Navy in the 70s, our computer technology was 20 years ahead of mainstream. Those COBOL systems R antiques. WeCantWin
Alex Standing Bear @AlexStandingBear Treason:
violation of allegiance to one's sovereignty betrayal of trust breach of faith; treachery.
No policy for a reason.  #WhoIsWilling2ConfrontLeadership #Moving2Tyranny
And you won't as long as Putin agents in power. Please do not let Trump and Sessions get away with this attempt of obstruct justice. #Duty
Really? What did Perjury Clapper and Hack Hayden do about it? We should fry some foreign servers. We support @POTUS
Yet we have differed on most policy. You sir have always been been a class act & have my respect! Do your thang boy
I appreciate your focused and continued messaging in support of our rights & freedoms. You are a true patriot. TU 4 ur 6 decades of service
How about you focus on the traitor sitting in the WH?  Be a voice for truth.
NATO Military action is a Good Start
Or maybe Dems need fake drama about those scary Ruskies to remain relevant ? Go Trump ! MAGA ! Drain swamp of traitors like McCain !!!
...and Russia infiltrating White House. Disgusting
Because GOP leaders are busy with their failing policy to repeal and replace AHCA. Stop the nonsense and start protecting our country.
Traitor
Nor will we have such a policy as long a tRump is president.  He doesn't want one.
We never will are you forgetting who's in WH!?
So you need to have integrity to change this. U survived 5yrs as POw, yet cower before the bully DirtyDonald. Why?
"no policy" #isREALLY #antiTRUST #tactic. maybe you can reach into the endless box of #engineered #FakeNews diversions? #FireComey was #37?
We still have a cabinet filled with traitors!
Mccain just can't understand why Americans are so hard to subjugate and refuse socialism.. They told him it would be much easier.
"Check's in the mail"...Sen McCain please roar on for the rest of us in the masses. Give Sen Rubio and Nelson a call about the USSR things.
Because we have a Russian operative in the WH!!
sir..I trust your judgement...is POTUS incompetent to perform his duties? He acts like he's above the law..it's scary out here..
why is GOP abandoning us? Trump a clear danger to country. FBI pupet to be will give him green light: expect  political persecution
Then get busy with that!!!!
And is that the fault of the 100+ day President or the 8 year President? Or the Congress?
well let's bomb the *!ck out of them
Bomb them John. Send a carrier group to scare them off.
What are you going to do to protect #America against #Russian assaults now that Trump fired #Comey?? #IndependentInvestigation NOW please
….except it’s a genuinely difficult problem with no clear answer? Politicizing it that way makes it *harder* not easier to solve?
Major Rogers has no knowledge of the hacking process. He's a shill for the imbecile McCain. We hack all the time. And we hack everyone.
Maybe it's because we have Russians in the White House AND YOU ARE DOING NOTHING.

Also, we have no INDEPENDENT investigation of collusion with the Russians to put Trump in the WH.  #IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia
Independent investigation is required and necessary in light of the recent events. Our democracy is under attack by our own administration.
Senator McCain, our republic needs your help. Please call for a special prosecutor.  Please.
Isn't this Rudy Giuliani 's project?
C'Mon Senator, Trump just fired Comey. You know he is beyond comprised. Help us put the nail in the coffin!
With you in charge we likely won't. Do nothing GOP! Go have drinks with your millionaire buds!
I have a hard time believing that. Cyber War is serious.  How about the Chinese. Russia had a nice Victory Day. Honor their vets.
Because your party needs those hackers to keep their president. Maybe... I don't know, look into that.
All the more reason to raise healthy intelligent children instead of creating a diseased angry mob. Take care of our youth for your future.
And all you do John is talk tough and than vote straight party line insanity. Your as much as a Trump syncophant as the next GOPer.
Thank you for pushing the Exec toward cyber maturity and responsibility.  Even if the Exec doesn't want to move. #emperorsnewcyber
that's  because the Russian Spies in the WH R still trying to sell their LIES 2 US! It's Russia first for them. LOCK THEM UP!
Stop this Senator!! Save our Republic!!!
A true Patriot...eat that Trump
Keep the focus & pressure on regardless of Trumpprotection of his Russian investments
THEN YOU START TO DO SOMETHING. It's what you where elected for. #donothingpoliticians #verysad
Wrong focus. The GOP turned their back on a special prosecutor to investigate TeamTrump. Comey and Schneiderman will lay the wood.
agalarov is the father in law of the Azerbaijani dictator's daughter
agalarov Araz is the Russian business partner of trump. Agalarov is also father in law of the Azerbaijani dictator's kid
Respectfully, the best way to curb Russian cyberattacks is to fully prosecute those in TeamTrump connected to Kremlin organized crime.
Are you always negative?
many in the  GOP are too scared to admit they won the White House with Putin's support. Instead they shoot the messenger!
you're a senator and your party controls the legislative and exec branches of govt. Do something about it?
Perhaps an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION could help elucidate the nature of such attacks; appropriate policy to follow... @twwnaz
And while worrying about threats (to secrecy) from the outside, US getting torn up from the inside.  Good job.
Might want to get on the sir. Maybe talk some sense into the GOP commrades. What the hell are they all in bed with the Russians?THE RUSSIANS

There is a serious #coverup going on in our @whitehouse. It is happening just like #watergate happened. 
Clear and present danger!!!
And senators more worried about scoring points over emails.
Kick backs in  there pocket too
We need an INDEPENDENT investigation into Trump/ Russia. Country over party, Senator
The GOP Party of Putin could care less half of them love Putin
Step down or do your job! #independentinvestigation #russiagate #impeach45
Maybe you can tell Trump about this. Hahaha...
Because your majority party compromised by them. You have the power to do something about it instead of this political theater - so do it.
Sure we do...@realDonaldTrump tweets of fake news should do the trick.
We're waiting for you to do something Senator you know more than anyone this must end. We still have Russian agents in the WH sir please act
Could it be bc our president is Putin's puppet? #Trumprussia
it will be difficult to form a policy when the current administration doesn't even recognize there is a problem.
Mr. McCain, we won't have one while DJT is in office. Wake up.
....but your wife still gets a job
Guess who's in WH. Someone who doesn't know how to direct real policy. Get real patriots together & do something. No compromised Trumpettes.
What the WH is doing is tantamount to Roosevelt accusing the press on 8th December 1941 of warmongering. Russia attacked the US
Step up sir!!! Rhetoric is good, action better and preferable. Use your bully pulpit or sit down and be quiet!
YOUR people do not care. Are you blind?
When will you do your job and stop covering for Trump? You are not a maverick. You have accomplished nothing!! #thief
Please be a hero again.  I know it's a lot to ask, but there seems to be no one else in your party.
Strange how he's voted more for Drumpf picks then against though
You are right. And how much of our country, white house, our govt employees are now being controlled by Putin? Independent investigation
YOU said those things in your "question" as usual, the respondent answered in the affirmative. When you give the answer you want you get it!
Businesses fail b/c they become big, rigid and unable to adapt quick enough & the competition eats them alive. Our gov is too slow 1/2
And our foes are taking advantage of it. We need to expedite this investigation and rip out the traitors and violators 2/2
Trump endorses Russian cyber attacks. We will never have a policy to protect us with him in the White House.  Impeach him NOW!
There is no policy because @POTUS just doesn't care.  He flaunted it during the election and benefited from it.  Why would he want a change?
Sad that a sitting senator would rather complain about a situation than provide a solution. #termlimitsnow
Wait till they shut down the power grid ....
Put country over party. We need ethical, bipartisanship leadership now more than ever. Trump has got to go starting yesterday.
THIS COULD BE YOUR FINEST HOUR. Stand up for USA. Tell the truth, even if it's difficult & painful. Demand patriotism.
Whatever happened to increased sanctions? Why aren't you screaming to high heaven??? Leading citizens in protests???
Remember when Trump asked them to do this to Hillary on national television?
I & Queen Lilibeth just LOL, John! Your question is simple to answer! Just open Queen's website & how to contact her! No JFK!
@ClarenceHouse If DC, especially JFK adored Wolfgang on the moon, so Queen as Conservative adore her as human being!
Queen don't know IT & E.T. ( Change E to I, it's IT, Information & Technology)! Queen just use her apple as mentioned in Genesis!
That's why Steve Jobs (Waves) found logo a biten apple! It's Genesis, €ve forced Adam ate Info Tech too, IT, E.T.
All Mossad & MI7 here just LOL to CIA, even NSA, especially €dward $nowPen stole then share to $oviet Union!
CIA can't win in Cold War in snow pen like $nowden so many in your body like parasites! Give them salary, then sell your underwear size!
O$ama said forget the past! Forget @ChiefRabbi Old Testament & Queen Monarchy to DC poles, Islam & Catholic!
Live as modern as you can without any sweat! Forget Pentateuch & Conservative Queen! IT, E.T. with money to get!
UR about to become an OBSTRUCTIONIST like the rest of @GOP. Look in the mirror, ask yourself "what would a Patriot do?" 
#RussiaGOP
Too many old fogies in charge. They don't fully understand the problem. Ask the real industry experts for assistance then leave them alone.
This could be your time to run for @Potus sir
Trump invited the Russians to hack the US during the presidential campaign.  Trump committed treason. This must be investigated.
Why didn't you run for office this time?
Why are you not outrage by the behavior of your corrupted president!!Party over the people!!#TRUMPRUSSIA#
And you cowards still back Trump
WTF, this is priority Fing ONE. We can't just stand here getting punched in the nuts over and over. Make the consequences known at least.
What do you want your legacy to be?  Which one of you will do something about this?
Ok. Sounds like you have identified a problem. What are you going to do about it?
So what are you and your GOP brothers going to do about it. Nothing so far, still continue to give cover to POTUS
No such policy will exist with Russian operatives in the White House. #trumprussia
Or CIA FBI or any other Intel agency liberals are just as much to blame
Get off high horse
You need to do your job and start the impeachment process for @realDonaldTrump before he kills this country!
You expect Donald 'I love wikileaks' Trump to do anything about hacking? - he still won't admit it was the Russians who hacked our election.
No he admitted it proud of it and is welcoming them with open arms
Please retire.
Don't hold your breath waiting for Donny to sign an executive order against Russian cyber attacks. He will need them for reelection.
Trump for this reason should be impeached. This was an act of war and he & GOP are not taking ANY steps to defend the republic!
Wide-open, not only Russia, but China also, many others?
Sure ain’t gonna get anything on this front from this administration! Unless the GOP members of Congress (e.g., you) shed their cravenness.
Do not expect any action from Trump Admin. It will not happen. Trump admin has to go. that is the reality. do your job. he's killing the USA
Because the current administration is encouraging it and participating in it.
Where's Guiliani?
Good grief...
