
USA weapons with image of Iran leader in used by Shia Militia against Kurds, USA allies in the region, bad messages will send to the world
kurds with Turkey Turkey with Arab
IT IS A SAD DAY FOR THE BRAVE KURDISH FORCES WHO WERE ALLIED WITH U.S. INTERESTS IN NORTHERN IRAG.  THE U.S. HAS DOUBLE-CROSSED AND HELPLESS
@brett_mcgurk #SupportKurdistan Iraq and Iran won't let #Kurdish people to live in #peace #SelfDetermination is our right
Why are we abandoning the Kurds & allowing Iraq to invade? They are the best allies we have in the region. Don't just talk, do something.
#SupportKurdistan
#SupportKirkuk 
#SaveKirkuk 
#KurdistanBlockade
I never thought I will see the day that good guys of Kurds and the loyal allies of USA were assaulted by Shia Militia backed by Iran
5000 of good USA soldiers killed in Iraq by Iraqis and with Irans involvement while not one single US soldier killed by Kurd or in Kurdistan
Barzani lejyoner olmayı kabul etmediği için bunca öfke.
100 sene öncede aynı hulya ve Husran. En kolay lokma kürt.
Qasim sulaimani today in kerkuk
Where is emerica????
We ate greatful to your support always, we are your faithful ally against bad guys and we need your immediate support, you are our only hope
is and USA is the best frends
be sure that every kurd knows US have plan for independent kurdistan,it's best time to support KURDISTAN.
You are one the people with values and principels. I salute you sir.
So when u guys will do some thing
Corker Cardin Bill allowed for Obama's terrible Iran deal to proceed.
Applying the law in a peaceful way is not an assault. Nothing new here!
Its nt defeat 4 #US buy defeat 4 #JohnMcCain @SenJohnMcCain who he supported n in return got cancer in his head
and Turkey and maybe the Sunnis

@masrour_barzani @masoud_barzani @ShilanDosky @heminhawrami @HoshyarZebari @BarhamSalih @namo_abdulla  independent kurditan
Are all the countries with us there?  Can we do more airstrikes with drones saving our men's lives?
USA must change position on this battle right now!
What about this?
@CIA director Mike Pimpeo just told #FDDSummit he is aware Qasim Soleimani was in Kirkuk https://iraq.liveuamap.com/en/2017/19-october-cia-director-mike-pimpeo-just-told-fddsummit- … via @BayanRahman 
America many times betrayed their allies. The Kurds know about this now.
We should provide foreign aid to Kurds for all they've done.
America must help allies, the Kurdish people. They are under assault. Iran’s Shiite backed militias are on rampage in Kirkuk. Genocide !!!
This is the troop US supporting
Us lie with Kurds people we hate you now
All support to Kurdistan, but first get rid of Massoud Barzani and KRG! Kurdistan needs a new president and an honest parliament that unites
Must-read @WSJ: "Assault on the Kurds: Defeat for the U.S. allies in northern #Iraq is a victory for #Iran"

Alhashd &Iran
Bs




همه دولتها وعیراق وایران و تورکیا به ماخیانت کردن واهل مارابه کوشتن دادن
#SupporetKurdistan
#SupporetKurdistan
John McCain , a Senator who cannot even secure his own State's border which allows mexican mafia in AZ , is going to lecture Trump
A Unified Iraq is NOT a "victory for Iran" you goofball, it's a victory for Iraq. Trump knows what he's doing. Fix your own AZ border John
I suspect Trump is promoting a UNITED IRAQ .... Kurds are wanting a fractured Nation (sort of like what Democrats and McCain want here)
Also read http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  6 page Commentary: 

America's Unfair, Unjustified Vendetta Against Iran



@BarackObama @thehill @robreiner @billmaher
Dear Senator, thank you for supporting the Kurds. The state department simply handed Kurdistan to Iran.

#Newsbud Exclusive- The “Immense Talent” of War Criminal Henry Kissinger http://bit.ly/2ytZdya  
CRAP
What are they doing?
While I understand they're wanting sovereignty they have to think about what's best for their country
SMH
Sadly, we (the US) will most likely stab the heroic Kurds in the back. Thank you for your service.
McCain is a senile warmongering prick and should resign
It's not an assault on the Kurds senator, the federal government is enforcing the law. President Lincoln did something very similar to this.

The United States chose Iranian terrorists instead of Kurds.
The biggest victory for Iran was when we were stupid enough to invade Iraq a second time, then turn it into a sectarian violence quagmire.
US Department of State tries to cover this up! All documents show that Shia militants were leading the assault!
Please Kurdistan need U.S. support! Shia militia keep burning and killing hundred of civilians Kurdish peoples who came back to Kirkuk !!!!!
Allies have given a green light to Iran, turkey and Baghdad to destroy Kurdish in Kirkuk. I personally understand iran and USA are brothers
@Sungmanitu58 @WSJ @WSJopinion so sooner or later Iran going to Attack Saudi Arabia than and off Iran and Saudi so far going
#US supported #IRAN against #Kurdistan the most reliable ally in #MIDDLEShit Otherwise, US would send soldiers to #Iraq to stop Iran
#shame
I don’t believe US does supporting criminals like barzani
What a mess. The Kurds have fought hand in hand to bring ISIS down. now we are with Iraq fighting again them..what? Foreign Policy?
I Agree 100%. US lost big in mideast. Iran is the winner. Israel, kurds are the loosers
We are as kurdish will not forget this matter..why you neglecting us while we need you against Iran..!
@POTUS  read this
Everyone else is wrong but John McCain, Collins and Murkowski. Now isn’t that just f..king typical?
You and Bush starting the war in Iraq was insane Songbird. You have done nothing for citizens in this country.
@realDonaldTrump good job Mr. President.
Ok Who were your Allies than .dont Tell me tjis Guys in this Picture
Is Victory for IRAQ i think Mr.Mcain its good time for you to go to the old care :)
iran is winning now like #DumpTrump would say, what a big mistake to support these iranian puppets #iran #iraq #kurds #trump

Senator, it must be urged the YPG not raise flags throughout Syria. It must be FSA otherwise a risk of future terrorist groups could rise.
US lost again ? good
Now we see just how greatful the #Iraqi Federal Gov was for the #Kurdish help. Only for their own interests; Iraq is the "Trump" of Gov's.
If da Iraq war would have been finished rather the runnin away u wouldnt b shedding ur tears now.Why did u support runnin scared policy.?
I'm sorry but taking political advise from a man who's 90 years old and has a brain tumor is a recipe for disaster.
SHUT UP!
Must-read McCain Assault on the middle class
Yes. Wondering why we're standing by and allowing that to happen.
The return of the disputed  to the authority of the central government in Baghdad.It is not the right of the United States to intervene
Continuing your assault on American moral-Like you did in N Vietnam against the POW's-BC you weren't a POW-NV celebrated you Songbird &tapes
Kirkuk is Iraq's own territory you dumbass neocon.
When ISIS attacked the Iraqi army ran, failing to protect the people. It was the Kurds who liberated it, freeing its people from the horror.
I was a company commander in Mosul for a yr, the Kurdish forces were the only professional and trustworthy force of local national partners
They steal Iraqi Army food and supply's and allowing interns for AlQaida from Syria to tal Afar that what Kurd did:) Ask Gen Qorshed
I don't think that J3 the know every thing  well they act like they do tho
The President now is not Obama but Trump, the Commander in Chief who can support the Kurds or let the be Saddamised again. What's your call?
Can’t believe they are being left to be massacred after fighting on the US side.
Songbird! Never forget
I thought you were super well-connected out there bud? Why didn't the Iraqi's heed your counsel?
Being attacked by Iraq and Turkey. Answer? Give it all to ISIS and Iran? Sometimes bad answer is the best answer. RETIRE Brutus
Nice work supporting the most reliable ally we have in the Middle East 
If you hadn't been arming ISIS &?Al Qaeda, maybe the Kurds would have been more effective. You are a lap dog of Erdogan.
Senator ... Since you nor the hawks can't define the US "mission" in the middle East.. admit your ignorance ...decade's old ignorance
US should support an independent Kurdish authority.  The time is now. Not later again. Now.
That I agree with!
Real Americans do not trust the morphed Socialist Democrat McCain.
gee i wonder how catalonia feels about that?
Fu rino
Ghis is not fight
All our procedures in retaking Kerkuk is legitimate according to our Iraqi constitution. And we are commited with USA
@OIRSpox General Ryan Delon declared well that what happened is just redistribution of Iraqi forces and other than Iraqis were there.
Stop telling lies. Iraq now represent the focus of defeating ISIS front and you can't stop the building of Democracy by false impressions
On the contrary
Barzani and KDP  were just tyrant and dectators and nobody believe in them.
They were smuggling Iraqi oil for decade
Does ANERICA a favor, QUIT!! Fade away, u will not be missed
Just Leave! Your view of the world today was accurate in the 70's but over the last 8 years America apologized, we didn't lead! Retire!
We are with you against this Nationalistic regime...be tough on the stooge in the White House.
Agreed, credibility is @ stake. Region’s been destabilized for a very long time, no single strategy will work, everybody needs to concede
@WSJopinion for those that look to break up Iraq yes it is a defeat. Reality is Federal authority has been restored
Working on the Tax Reform and Tax Cuts Mr Senator??? We are waiting
Unfortunately
A FAILURE OF US DIPLOMACY & MILITARY STRATEGY
US is Ally with PKK
We have been very disappointed by US. US has reassured Kurds to not forget their own expression"The Kurds have no friends but the mountains"
Iran single penny without spending. American weapon and tools with the war is doing. staff intelligence it is called the
We should side with the Kurds and YOU should stop your assults on our POTUS. If you have advice, pick up the phone!
We must support our Kurdish allies!
United States abandoned the Kurds, just like the Humong.
#uspoli #cdnpoli #pnpcbc #UKpolitics #auspol #polcan #eupol MeK were Saddam's delivery agents for Chemical Weapons used on Kurds & Iranians!
POTUS will handle American interests McCain. Your help is not required or wanted. Please find a hobby, stamp collecting?
Plz #ImpeachTrump
John McCain's psychiatrists should never have cleared him to run for senate !  Sen. John McCain is mentally incompetent !
McCain was tortured as a prisoner at the "Hanoi Hilton", during Viet Nam war. Did he, under duress, swear swear allegiance to Hanoi ?
Buzz-off Traitor "Songbird McCain"
Don't trust USA one bit, crap verbal diarrhea comes out occasionally, it the what we see that COUNTS. Lets forget USA, its no good
That's right
Like your Vietnam days?
Trump & his band of syncophants don't give a damn.
You’ve never met a war you didn’t like
Shitie militias are using your weapons to fight kurds.
Right, but see no one is sure which gov't the American president works for, it makes this more complicated. We should be w/ the Kurds...
یەکێتی کووردی فرۆشت کەواد بۆ شتەکان بە ڕاستی باس ناکەی؟
Ofcourse it is the victory for Iran and U.S betrayed her allies as in 1975, the history is repeating itself and never expect the kurds love
So THATS why the US allowed ISIS to leave Raqqa! Did you promise safe passage to Iraq to be your proxies there next?
-
The terrorist crowd and the Revolutionary Guard control Kirkuk which is classified as a list of terrorism through the US administration and how this criminal Qasem Soleimani wander and tour Iraq and is not targeted or assassinated there is no difference between him and Baghdadi
الدب الداشر
The #Kurds have no friends or allies. The #US is not a trusted ally. #Iran is the winner.
OK therefore #Trump must not pretend the #US is an ally of #Kurdistan. He must admit "only verbal ally".
Unfortunately,the US and western countries did not support Kurds and leave Iran to control whole Iraq using US tanks, which is unbelievable
We need support from the US now not after while
Love you sir. Please never let things get to you.
US should support creation of independent Kurdish state. Independent Kurdistan will be the most loyal US ally in the region.
Well said
Iran is fighting the US arms without spending the penny. Such mutefic is not easy to find.
I wish @BarackObama or @HillaryClinton was US President instead of this cold heartless @realDonaldTrump @POTUS Shame on u
Your a victory for Iran!I
Your honor, senator. Your consent. You do not spare your weapons. Iran and its militants
Did anybody really think the iraqi iramy would just go home once they defeated isis???
Nope...Must Read..THE HILL...Obama Hillary and Bribery with....get This....RUSSIA!!! You had better be outraged! @SenJohnMcCain
Well said.
You armed ISIS. You are a traitor to this country. Trump is right again. You are no war hero.
No one cares what you think. Liar traitor to constituents and America
Impeach trump
We should support the Kurds the way they've supported us.
