How are you, a war hero,  able to stand by & watch our country be destroyed by Putin?
lmao
@CABird6 why worry? Trump's about to start ww3
John never met a war he didn't wish to war monger for
Does Trump? I wouldn't be so fast to make that claim. Get Pence to invoke the 25th before Trump uses as his next distraction
its amazing that mccain has to say this and not TRUMP or the sec of  state who trump keeps out of the loop !!!
well we hope you'll at least get this one right until you're voted or impeached out.
Like other countries, they must see we are so busy with 45's antics we r not available. Like an addict's harried spouse.
do you ever focus on Arizona and all the illegals getting in?
#TraitorMcCain
Stop protecting Trump and impeach him. This has gone on too long already. Politics are not a team sport. There are lives at stake here.
impeach him for what?
Dear Senator:hope you and responsible #American Congress members guide prevent your @POTUS from taking rushed decisions
has made it clear he will listen & TRUST his military advisers He Loves Amer. We must pray for him & advisers
no one knows about you, traitor!!
S Korea balances their budget Let them build up own defenses USA electronically prints $ thru Fed Res preventing $ collapse
That's all u want us war war war!
We all know McCain that u would be perfectly content with WW III, with anybody. Please retire and go away. #MAGA #TermLimits
they were brave enough to impeach. Are you?
Yeah they heard from the President already not some Senile old windbag Warmonger who should resign and retire
Another knee jerk reaction, and it will cost you at election time.
Drop the R and take what you really are a liberal democrat.It would be easier for people to count you out as a Rep vote
why don't you go overseas and criticize the president again. You are insulting and need to leave the Party.
How can #SouthKorea or any other nation possibly know we stand with them with #traitor #russianpuppet @potus in the WH?
Wow no evidence but still throwing russia out there!!
how about defending us from Trump
No one is going to ever trust us until we come clean on Trump.
The country deserves better than this, and you know it.
You are a public servant and, like the rest of the republican party currently, you are not serving the public. I don't care who elected you.
@JJohnson2u - that's why we're still there! First tour of duty in Seoul, Camp Tango & Uijeongbu SK. Protect the gateway.
Why do we trust Song Bird to advise in best interest of US re: Korea issue, given his history??
Hey Song Bird: Pense never sold out his country. My vote for "asshole" goes to you!
R U sure?  Check on Russian intentions before making such a unilateral statement. If they're in, I guess we're in. Capese?
America can not lead if we are no longer a democracy
What about the Russian threat? What are you & silent GOP doing about that? You are enablers.
how would anyone know who is committed to what? DT and the GOP are not even committed to America let alone anyone else.
They *should* fear repercussions from allies of SK. But your vote for Tillerson HAS WRECKED US CREDIBILITY. #statedepartment.
NOW THEY KNOW MORE THAN EVER
If so, why are we cutting back so severely at the state department?  I'm concerned.
China needs to step it up!
yeah, old white men are very happy...
I'm frustrated where is your allegiance we r GOP taking advantage & sticking it to America when is it enough 
Really? Is this still true? You supported an unethical man as President & he doesn't have a clue how to deal with N Korea.
That's great. Someone make sure Tillerson is aware. BTW, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia
The U.S. is not firmly committed to any alliance anymore, except to Putin.
Need to Stop Supporting Treason in our Government #trumprussia #impeachtrump
Sen. McCain, are you committed to preventing socialized medicine from becoming a cornerstone of GOP platform?
Senator, how long will we allow a traitor to sit in the White House? The investigation needs expediation B4 we are destroyed
hope state dep.  talks to China  soon!  Only other option is show of military might in region.
maybe do both and discuss Iran  with Russia?!?
Well I guess Trump should do something about their missile launching?
Do you feel all alone over there?
Defend us! The American People and the Constitution you swore to uphold and protect!
But @realDonaldTrump has been disruptingredients our alliances since before the election.
Do we have any alliances that Trump hasn't destroyed except Russia?
Trump has lied about some things almost in the same paragraph. How can he reassure anyone, let alone South Korea?
Crazy huh?  You have a juvenile in N. Korea and a President who loves War. This can't be good
It has been that way since the end of the Korean War , 1950-53) South Koreas alliance with The United States ,Sen.John McCain
too bad you don't have actual power to enforce this nor do I believe you would if you could since you have voted party line
I'd like the US to be committed to free quality public education & to science.
Atleast someone is busy reassuring our allies when neighboring countries "test" their toys.
#NorthKorean*
does Trump agree?
You tell 'em John!
