God let it go for like 5 minutes there is ZERO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION just call yourself a democrat so we can call it a day thanks
Comey himself said no investigation into trump. You're just trying to keep this alive to make you feel better snowflake
Keep fucking that chicken snowflake, trump is going to get re-elected if you continue down this path
Looool you mean like the day before the election when the pols said hillary was +12? Get real
What about the TREASONOUS AMERICANS WHO COLLUDED!?!
do ur job and do what is right for the people and not just special interest, vote against TrumpCare, it is wrong 4 America
Leave Russia alone.. it has been self destructing for years...
We getting McCain or Magoo?
One in the same!!!
Hopefully nobody will be as rude to you as you were to @KamalaHarris twice within the last week.  Let her do her job.
Thank you. However every time Kamala Harris is interrupted her ratings go up. Not too good a judge of the ladies, Senator?
do something useful
Don't forget to mention me again!
Do you have any foggy idea about what you're doing or saying any longer?  Time for you to fade away.
Lay off Harris McCain. Let her do the job you cannot handle anymore. Move on. You are done.

We're under attack and you're talking about what your going to speak about? Seriously?
You need to join our president or get out of your job
McCain will still be whispering "Russia" on his deathbed. Can't focus on what really matters to America. What a senile clown
Try to string your words together coherently. Now that your wife works for Trump maybe u can step down.
Don't care what Rex Tillerson said, but you don't care about that. All you care about you & your cause!
I support McCain's sanctions! We need to punish Russia for their hacking in our election.
make this pair of corrupts pay to my mother my father's benefits
make this pair my father's FECA benefits he was injured in the line of duty
make yourself MORE USEFUL help WWII veteran Henry Carreon's get his benefits case 500017181 dept labor FECA OWCP bunch crooks
OWCP Director Gary Steinberg a dishonest CORRUPT crook do something also Antonio Rios FECA Director Dept of Labor
When are you going to retire?
Go for it @SenJohnMcCain Putin needs to know that we DO NOT like him meddling in our business.  PS, don't give them back their 'compound'
Thank you. The lack of concern from the executive branch is truly troubling.
This is all GOP show. An illusion. Theater. You know it won't pass. You don't want it to pass. History will not be kind to you.
#McCain stands up against #Russia voter interference
Enough with the Russians you old fool
Seems like you still are fighting WWII. Enemy now is anyone who disagrees with you. Trump seems to be enemy #1!
Why were you so rude to Sen.Harris yesterday? You need to retire. Your interruption was unacceptable. You've outworn your welcome.
Your words are meaningless- credibility level less than zero.
Just retire already !!!!
What?  Did you hear about the attack on our republicans?  OMG
Yes, but he's talking about responding to the attack on our Democracy by a foreign power.
1/ how about we watch you become more polite to K Harris during ?ing. 2nd time in a week you interrupted her. Other white
2/ males were demanding answers to their questions and you didn't say a word. I guess you became a 45 ass kisser when your
wife was given an appointment by our Dictator-in-chief.
sanctioning Russia is foreign policy garbage and you know it. Never hurts the leaders only the people who are already victims
No thanks mope
U know Senator McCain I had great respect 4 u, but have recently lost it. I can't trust u anymore. #SomethingsDifferent
You should resign sir...
Are you at all concerned about your colleagues?
Senile moron McCain forgets which party he is on
@SenJohnMcCain Harris is brilliant. We have a right to answers, and you should have not interrupted her.  Rude.
What???? Are you that out of touch
Still got your whacko bird followers spewing the lies and crazy talk even after the morning event. Quit feeding the animals.
Do not lift sanctions
Really Sir? Ur republican colleague took a bullet-others took bullets protecting other colleagues. Sure would be swell if u stood for them!
Dude, I seriously respect you but you men have to STOP WITH THE BS INTERRUPTING!! And WTH is your wife doing working for Trump? #Aghast
Blah blah blah - crazy old man.
Good Lord are you a sick person!!
You suck!
Sessions admits he was never briefed on RU election interference. Sometimes "collusion" is in the omission, not the commission, of action.
Because he recused himself from all Russia matters
I am giving up on you. Obviously 45 saying that you are not a real war hero didn't bother you. It bothers me. Nobody's above the law
Please vote for harsh sanctions.
YOU ARE SICK. PERVERSE TRAITOR. HATE SUPPORTER.
I HOPE that you are coherent enough to pull it off!!!!! Hope in a sense that I  HOPE you will do the right thing.
Spare me
Such a COWARD that you defend Trump. You are NO MAVERICK. #cowardice
QUIT WITH THESE FAULTS HOODS - YOU'RE WASTING OUR TIME & MONEY
Do you have a problem with Black Women? Not even your committee, keep your mouth shut!
so is your wife working at state department yet?
emphasize that we should increase our cyber security of our voting process going forward in the future, to continue fighting hackers
