Trust me John, he was more of a patriot than you will ever be: http://pythiapress.com/wartales/McCain-Shootdown.htm …
#McCain #Murder No Hero songbird https://youtu.be/zO0mHEJyC3Y  Spent Monday w/many Vietnam Vets Oh the true stories https://youtu.be/zO0mHEJyC3Y 
Well woohoo for you! You're also busy trashing  GOP colleagues in WI, trashing Trump on all, contacting foreign leaders like wannabe pres
Please please please go back to Cornville and don't say anything else.
Stock crash just like a real problem. If they were 'thinking' to begin with.
The engine just quit ( I swear on my honor ) lets pop a few pain pills and go get drunk Gosh I'm such a cute rascal

Do the job we elected you to do! Vote with our President not against him. God is watching you
Support our President Trump
we were hoping you are in it. #McCain #looser
hello nice to meet you
if congress passes legislation on daca but not repeal aca it says where their loyalty and priorities lay: and we can replace them
Oh no...
He'll, you made sure they were under funded. You're the biggest threat to the military.
we are not war ready.
I worry our military is spread too thin & will be put in harm's way for nothing more than a good ego stroking. They deserve more. Much more.
I hope the person that was flying that jet got out so many terrible things are happening in this country and you are just one man
Ugg, with this America in such bad feeling ways it will get worse as job performances and attitudes will suffer. Impeach trump "b.i.2.late"
You should step down senator how many babies are being aborted(killed) evry day by your vote against the American people to repeal Ocare
How tragic.
We're ashamed you you in AZ
Sorry you're getting all negativity u are trying to get better yet u still worry about this country I am a dem and you are a true American
How have you not been arrested for treason yet?  #repealMcCain
Prayers!
Sad.
John, what you should be doing is closely monitoring your PRESIDENT and then follow HIS lead!
You're a special kind of goofy, aren't you?  Your comment is Not related to his concern of this event.
The whole goddamn world is crashing down.
Retire already 
Your words are pointless
You are not a war hero real heroes know the truth
@POTUS have you pegged
For your corruption
You probably caused it
If it was flown by a McCain, you would have said it was "shot down."
Keeping hopes up.
Praying that he's ok. Oh yea McCain your a traitor quit now.
At least they weren't showing off like you

 
McCain, how's your Soros payoff working for you.
Thanks.
You don't need to 'monitor' anything. Just stay away.
Is it bring back memories of what u did on ur ship destroying the planes, damaged the ship, and killed all those men?
@MadDogMattis What is going on with our military equipment. Why so many crashes and problems with equipment? @realDonaldTrump
Thoughts and prayers !
Myanmar expell Rohingya person by kill n rape more kill by fire. Just want solve by peacefully, 1 week. More turmoil, more China in Myanmar.

Please retire and quit talking
Did you sell them out too . Where are your military records #SONGBIRD
Should be watching Maddow tonight... explained the history of racism in the US
Why US military crashing so much?
Why would you do that? You screwed Arizona with your heath care repeal no vote. Voted on it in the past. Ran for reelection on it. Lied.
Omg!
Hey John, why don't you try to "closely monitor" our country a little more. It TOO is in a tailspin. Traitor. Thumbs down to YOU!
Hope the crew ejected safely!⚘

Time to get out when you cease to not only support your party but also the American People
Hoping for a good outcome
Oh no
Thanks hero. While @potus is busy w/DACA & confusing us, NK is doing its thing. USA we elected a clueless man & will all pay the price
So tired of winning
What is going on?  Most sophisticated aircraft and this happens ???
I think we should sanction the Russians some more. They surely had something to do with this Senator.
What is going on with all these accidents that's been happening?All these poor military guys & girls dying & not even in battle?PRAYERS 4U
Hopefully pilot was able to eject

Prayers for the pilot & for you. TY for standing up to Trump. #TakingCareofAZ
. Traitor johnny, you're  just seeking a photo opp. we know you don't care about anything but your vain self.
Liar.
Praying for safe return
We true republicans are closely monitoring your retirement! Praying for rescue efforts of your seat being taken.
I had a friend who flew the F-16.  He called them "Lawn Darts".
Was Trump flying it?lol
Wow
Oh no!  Hoping pilot is found safe!
Working at the Pentagon now?
I blame this crap on Obama for letting our military equipments fall apart and not keeping them up to date
Obama-Commander & weak:
he made our Marines  weak, he made & navy weak, he made our army weak, & he made & Air Force weak #trumpsarmy #2A
Praying!
Do you ever do anything other than monitor or commit TREASON
I hope the pilot survived. I wish you hadn't though. We would have recovered your bones later on you "hero" you. You useless bastard.
Sending prayers.
it's Kaspersky labs!!!!
Closely get on board with your own party. Quit acting like a Leftist Dem!
 praying for the pilot.



Naturally
Share value of arms companies will go down
I pray there's no loss of American Life
Go vote for a democrat john you traitor
Hope all are safe.
Prayers for all involved and for you 2 Sen
One hell of a plane! Put it right up there with the F-4 Phantom, A-10 Warthog in terms of longevity. But 140 Mil for 1 Raptor, crazy town!
Saying prayers for a safe recovery.
Godspeed
My thoughts are with the pilot and his loved ones.
Praying for the pilot 
While we closely monitor U for the next missile you will fire trying to take down the will of the people on so many levels. Go home
This is happening too much..thoughts with them
Why John you have your plane to the vet cong
I'm sure that a photo-op will be soon forthcoming.
#Germany just found #Russia #hacking into their #voting system 2 weeks before #election It's not a #theory Believe it! #Resistance #Impeach
So I guess you're saying they hacked into our machines please come up with a better Theory than that snowflake
Dont forget tax reform we're counting on you since your looooong tax payer funded vacation
Praying for the safe recovery.  Senator, stop poking the bees nest, do your job!

