I thought you were working for us . You sold us out.
Merrick Garland.
Reid, Biden and Schumer all opposed election year nominations. GOP just honoring their wishes.
And they're all wrong. Both sides. Do your jobs. Vote no, but actually work.
All talk. Nothing but chatter. When it comes down to it, you vote your party over country. Whateva. I'll stop hoping you follow thru.
You caved big time!  You said publicly that the nuclear option was a stupid idea, then you voted for it?  Have some dignity John!
Good John. I'm finally feeling more and more everyday that my second amendment is finally safe from the liberal snowflake idiots
Illegitimate judge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2a30--j37Q …  NECROMANCER
Nothing to be proud of
You should be embarrassed.
You are just as guilty as your peers 4 this McCain. Don't try to play innocent.  YOU HELPED MAKE THIS HAPPEN. This is part of your legacy.
this appointment and every decision that comes from it will be tainted by your decision to put party over country
How very disappointing that you would support someone so unqualified.
Disgusting actions by the GOP, 60 or get another candidate.
YES, it's called democracy!!!
Just go and retire
Go home, you're drunk.
You disappoint me, sir. I've lost all respect for you. He's an illegitimate nominee from an illegitimate president under investigation. Sad!
You are much  a lady and a diplomat with your words.
I had such hope that you would be a politician who stood up for right, even when against you own party. In the end you folded, you lost me.
Why did you Republicans refuse to give Merrick Garland a chance?
Sir I wish you had not gone along with this. Expect so much better from you. Thank you for your service
Sell out!!!
In violation of Obama's nominee. If the Democrats did that you would've had a field day. Power hungry, women hater.
The real reason Judge Gorsuch is on the Supreme Court is @SenateGOP REFUSED talk to the judge nominated by President Obama.
Hypocrite..lots of doubletalk from the maverick
Your personal courage is overshadowed by political opportunism. There should be no votes until we know the truth about Trump-Russia.
disappointed in you.
Although I'm a Democrat, I did have an ounce of respect for you. Now, I have none.
You disappointed a lot of your constituents. Get ready for retirement, Sir.
You talk a big game but don't follow your own words with action. You and the GOP are a discgrace. The voters are coming for you all.
Disappointed and disgusted.
Gorsuch terrible choice for women, nuclear option disappointing. You need to listen to constituents.
 booooooo!
What about garland!! I'd love to talk about this in a TOWN HALL
This is how you want to be remembered in your last senate term. this destroys all you've ever http://done.You  destroyed our SCOTUS
@SenateGOP @SenateDems GOP You will pay for changing our democracy to suit your needs. Americans won't ever forget this. GOP IS HISTORY
Lost ALL respect for you.
Traitor appoints a judge? Makes you a partner in it. Shame on you and everyone who is like you. A man who hates his own country. Shame.
Now I know your voice is hollow & you love @GOP over country. This vote was your personal betrayal of our faith, nominated by a traitor
Shameful.
Its your last term in office, why not FLIP AND FLOP
To proceed ethically, ensure with absolute certainty that the president who appointed him didn't collude with Russia during the election.
I thought you were a war' hero' now just a shill against women with doctors order, to stay home to 'heal' during flu outbreak. HYPOCRITE.
Disappointing. You're not representing us well, Senator. Having to go "nuclear" says a lot about the nominee and the @GOP. SAD!
Why weren't u on the floor demanding a hearing for Garland? The destruction of the filibuster can be laid at GOP senators' feet! Croc tears!
Do the right thing, John McCain. I see and feel you want to. No, I'm not a republican but I respect you.
Why didn't you show Judge Garland the same respect you are showing Judge Gorsuch? Shameful!
Thanks for screwing up the government by going nuclear. But for 13 months you wouldn't allow obama his nominee. You really look out for us
Republikkkan part over country. Sad!! You don't care about your constituents.
Congrats You and your party have stolen a seat on the SCOTUS. Has never been done before.
Held a vacancy for 14 months. Would have held it if HC won, but lies told that it needed to be filled. U r party over USA. Treacherous.
This is your last appointment, you really want to go out like this?
Your words mean nothing. 
You will be counted among the hyperpartisan #GOP that destroyed a vital part of our democratic government.
Own it!
Why? To keep up appearances?
do not appoint Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
I am so disappointed in you.
Why bother speaking. There was a vote. U didn't like the results so U changed the rule. Let's change the rule on how a president is picked.


The vacant seat was vacated by a conservative and should be replaced by a conservative to keep the balance.
Wow we just attacked a country that never attacked us....neo-cons unleahed....
Schumer has always been a bully.
Schumer has been blocking nominees since Bush Administration. 
This is a re-run.
Assad of Syria is a war criminal and must be punished for attacking children with chemical weapons.
Extremely disappointed that you voted to break rules to push this through. Terrible day for democracy & your name will forever be attached.
#TrumpRussia #Russia #Collusion #Complicit #Traitor #Treason #PutinPuppet #PartyOverCountry #WrongSideOfHistory #Impeach #Resist
SHAME on you all.
#illegitimate
#notamaverick Weak, passive, and submissive.
stolen seat
You're showing the World how being a thief is accepted KNOWING you've stole this nomination from @POTUS44. Have you no shame? #CNN #msnbc
You CANNOT seriously feel this person is deserving of seat. On highest court.  FOR LUFE.  JOHN!!!!!
FAILURE. And the GOP will be held accountable in 2018 and 2020.
you decry this but have no problem with #gop #republicans stalling on #garland for a year and stealing the seat. #sad
Disappointing
DO YOUR JOB. Follow laws - don't change them to suit your agenda. A sad day in American history when @GOP weakens the framework of law.
A shameful day when our lawmakers change the rules instead of abiding by them, disregarding the very reason our country is great: its laws.
YOU were responsible for foisting sarah palin on the country.  This looks likes like another of your major mistakes.
Instead for calling for more attacks, start pushing to rebuild military like yesterday
So disappointed, sir.
You had a chance to form a new gang of 14.  You participated in breaking the senate.  Is he worth it?
You can make up for it with subsequent impassioned speeches calling for trump's impeachment. Thanks
I expected you to stand up for us , the American people, ALL Americans!
I was with you 100% until now.  @GOP set back the nation for decades  party>country.  @SenJohnMcCain i thought you were better than that
I often appreciate your strength & independent positions. But this time, I am sorely disappointed in u & ur decision. Party line all the way
The Senate is not confirming Gorsuch, Republicans are. He knew he would be confirmed regardless, this is why he smirked at the questions.

More like a Ford Maverick.
You've lost your status as hero. Now you're just a partisan hack. Not exactly the way you'd like to be remembered. Too bad. You had a choice
Why waste the time? GOP are going to destroy the Republic on their crusade no matter what anyone thinks
Yes we will. @JeffFlake  down in 2018. @SenJohnMcCain  down in 2022. You both betrayed your constituents. 4 AZ to turn BLUE!
Sell out.
Absolutely not!
Can't tell you how disappointed in you I am sir. You helped change the Senate and system of checks & balances forever. 

NOT in a good way.
booo 
Please, don't. You're supposed to represent me. I'm asking you not to support Trump's nominee.
How and y wld U vote for Gorsuch wth all the cheating and taking someone else work as his? U voted to blow up senate then complain.
so sad you lost your nerve...maverick
Shame
How can you support the tactics of the GOP?!?  #FakeJustice
The temperature on the floor just went up due to the influx of hot air. Will die down soon.
Gorsuch isn't as important as the HFTs that took over CCC. As energy prices like heat and gas rise so will bus. hiring DROP> SEE MARCH?
And if they cause the GREATEST DEPRESSION as forewarned by Mr. BUFFETT "we the people" will blame the POLITICIANS who said/did NOTHING.
Right now gas is rapidly approaching 100% over the price when HFTs took over the CCC. Is GORSUCH more important than 320 million AMERICANS?
Gorsuch sucks for regular Americans. If Obama were under active Investigation you & all R's would b incensed & rightly so. Don't do this pls
Very disappointed in the Senate.
Why lie to people?  You say that democrats should respect the ability of potus to nominate SCOTUS. Do you have selective memory, hypocrite?
You're 100% Team #TrumpRussia & #GOPFakePatriot
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain supports #TraitorTrump Under FBI Investigation.
Patriots = #NoGorsuch
This is not the will of most Americans.  Another policy pushed through by Russian elected GOP.
Are you going to mention the trucker who almost froze to death?
Talks reasonably but pushed by far right. Won't explain positions but record shows strong slant to corporate interests. #shame #StolenSeat
Tucson to be fair about it is a much better location then Hurricane Alley (Florida) to build military aircraft. Great weather for flying.
Hypocrite!  Trump under FBI investigation for high treason and you want to push through his minion.  Traitor!
Hypocrite. Enabler. Complicit.
Booo!
So this means you will vote "no?" Usually when you speak for something, you vote the opposite
You're a fraud.
Hell No. lost all faith in the entire GOP
#Russia involved in gassing #Syriens to divert attention away from #trump #putin investigations.
Genius! Also Russia is setting herself up for more sanctions if doesn't cooperate and put Syria on track... Russia is smart on eyes of Libs
Hasn't happened yet.
That's the path Russia put herself in, if as some claimed that she gassed Syrian people to help Trump!
i like ya Sen. McCain but you're wrong and complicit for supporting McConnel while this theft occurs.  Party over country sad
Sellout.
You never gave Garland a chance. You wavered on your stance on the nuclear option. Your word means nothing. I hope your voters remember
We will
Republican Invited the need to adopt nuclear options. Denied equal opportunity. Should have heard Obama nominee, no matter confirm or reject
And the long downhill slide into feudalism continues...
I stand behind you 100%
How can you support a candidate nominated by someone under investigation? Please represent America and not only one party
Stolen seat now gets confirmation through changing rules.  True partisanship and a total disgrace.
Mr McCain I'm disappointed in you and you've hurt my heart
You and the GOP are stealing this SCOTUS seat from Obama... shame on the GOP - crooks!
No fu**ing way, sir. No way.
Sorry @SenJohnMcCain I respect you, but ...
Ram this one down our throats. How valid is he when Trump is imprisoned?
Abandoned everything you once stood for... sad!
No. You held Garland nomination hostage for 9 months. Shameful.
You shouldn't. You know Trump is illegitimate president. Then? is Gorsuch legitimate? the answer is NO
blind squirrel finds nut
very sad day for America
Your support of the Nuclear option shows you aren't the maverick you once were.
This is the same #Gorsuch hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
Everything you say has no meaning. You are a hypocrite. Retire.
Shame on you for cutting corners
No thank you...
#StolenSeat
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Trump
I thought the "Nuclear Option" was a dumb decision?
Well he had "No choice."  What a joke.
You should have had a vote on Garland.
