please retire!!!!
As a Galveston, Texas resident thank you sir for attempting to correct this blatant 100+ year travesty.

i'd prefer yoiu address the EXISTING racially charged convictions of those disproportionately impacted by drug laws.. but thx
I'm calling on your arrest

Wow:  a must see  

Never before or heard John
McCain's 1969 "Tokyo Rose"…
Notice that none of McCain's fellow POW's ever campaigned for him. "Songbird" is no war hero. 
https://youtu.be/dzVxbUOn4EI 
why aren't you demanding a full and impartial investigation of the ties between  and the whole of the White House?
Political pandering won't deflect attention away from #JohnMcCain atrocious policies. Stop McCain, drain the swamp.
- considering the state of our great country...  don't you have more important things to do!  Do your job!
pander pander pander RINO
Askin ain't gettin LOL What makes you think @POTUS will pay any attention to you? You're the enemy now, as well you should be
glad to see you are working on priorities from 100 years ago when you were just a teenager. You hate America. #notamaverick
Thank you and thank you for standing up as well as your service to the country. Bless you and yours Sir.
Thanks for setting the record straight Senator. I'm no republican but a big fan. Keep standing for what is right...
neither is kevin, it's okay.
Whatever make you feel happy...
#CNNfakenews
Really!!! Is this how you waste your time in DC?Why don't you go to war for our new president he could use your support
reading through the negative tweets, how is it your get re-elected?
THIS is what you're concentrating on? Ffs, dude!
You have more important problems to solve.  How about Trump, Russia, Sessions.  What is going on ? ?
Wow--you're doing something positive ...shocked!
Speaking of pardon, seeing your on the inside national security , as an American I demand 2 know why Nixon pardon you, why??
And I suppose they are supposed to oblige you because you are so insignificant
hey John quit sucking up the libs and support your president
Stay in your Lane, you are not President..Envy Green is not a pretty color.
how about actually doing something about #Trumprussia. This is an unprecedented situation - potentially treason! Act now!
okay snowflake go back down in your basement
David, where you in favor of the Hillary investigations?
Hillary is as corrupt as they come. Between the email scandal & the Clinton Foundation she should serve 20 years.
@VigilantRobert Long overdue.
Definitely. There are so many who deserve pardons from that time & this would be a very good place to start.
........With all do respect (I sincerely mean that!), Senator, there are much bigger issues to deal with.
do something useful.
you need a pardon for being senile!!
Good
kinda like nixon pardoned you
We need Sessions to resign, 45s taxes, independent Russian investigation & Ryan out of the basement.
it is good to set things right, however get Trump to post his taxes might be more important. Also Mike Pence hacked email?
@EricFehrn Microsoft Outlook Pander prompt. Set it and forget it.
are you senile, don't you have real work to do, you and Graham are Not Republicans, admit it?
I Notice the only comments that aren't negative r from democrats. Since u are supposed to be republican, what does that say?
I'm sure his descendants will be pleased but what about more current issues like the lunatics in charge of your government.
@plusminusalles priorities matter!
@JeffFlake How about you & the rest of Congress get onto something un-pardonable like oh, i don't know... #TREASON ?
how dare you come out and make up lies about the Yemen mission because you hate Trump at the expense of Mrs Owens . Sick
. Good on you Senator
Good thought Senator!  However please focus on the destruction of our election system by Donald and his Klan!
The "victim" was Johnson's 2nd wife: Lucille Cameron.
I think there are more important things going on in our country right now. Concentrate on the what Americans want.

.@SenJohnMcCain  I agree.
Senator, your picture is so cool !
#IndependentInvestigation
Go take your nap now.
Great. Long overdue. NOW INVESTIGATE THE  PRESIDENT.
and our country is falling apart (with your help by the way) and this is a priority. God help us!
That's nice John, but you got big problems to solve and you better not screw this up ...,
did you pardon yourself too?
we're coming after u hypocrite.u need to be charged for treason for begging for money from Russia 2008.Listen hear the knock
care to explain millions in donations from the Saudi's to your foundation? Sounds like Clinton Fdn pay to play. #Treason
really this is what you think is important
Words again. You could have voted agains Sessions in the first place, a bigot.
Opposing Sessions and allowing the words of Corretta King to be read would actually change things. That's hard. This is easy.
Members of your constituency, like me, would like to see you more interested in our concerns rather than an obscure boxer
seems you know a lot about pardons! How can you look at #american #Military people with yout cowardly record! Creep!
is he still alive?
Well how about a real-time impeachment of this criminal POTUS, too?
And who is alive to testify for or against? 894/899
defend Jeff Sessions
That's cool and all, but, I think you have bigger, more Russian fish to fry.
There are few Republicans that I do like
I was a Reagan Democrat 
You @SenJohnMcCain  and @LindseyGrahamSC  I do like.
Are you seriously concerned about this right now? I can think of something far more important in the news today.
Speaking of legends, what will yours be? What do you want it to be? Think long and hard about that as this admin burns down.
I support this!
how about calling a while alive review of Jeff Sessions? #Sessions
can you call for an independent prosecutor in the Russia probe? recusal is not enough, we need an independent prosecutor
While likely warranted, as a priority, how can you place this above healthcare, defense and other conservative agendas.
Always calling on something... When was the last time u actually did something for the American people?
Is that what your spending time on?  How about trying to find the rest of the POW's "Prince"?  Oh thats right, Ur the one that says "No way!
We've got an orange lunatic who's also a Russian spy in the White House, and *this* is what you waste time on? DO YOUR JOB! @SenJohnMcCain
you know posthumous means dead right?
Do you really think that is the sort of issue America needs to be dealing with right now? Bit of other stuff going on!
But Jeff Sessions you are fine with. Once again, speaking out of both sides of your mouth.
John McCain and snapchat together just doesn't sound right. You are funny.
John has to keep himself busy while things settle down in the media.
I've seen film footage of Jack Johnson,so powerful in the boxing ring. Senator John McCain of Arizona; similar to Mike Tyson!
1913? - let's FF 100 years into the future Doc Brown - matters that need attending now - like Sessions, Trump & Russia #Focus
Really?
good for you! Hope it happens
No,they just aren't being blackmailed by Russia.
Ok, but you back a white nationalist presidential administration. Get some balls and start voting against @realDonaldTrump.
is that all you got to do. My God.
45's gonna be issuing a lot of pardons soon, maybe you can throw it in there
republicans all across our great land call for you and Graham to resign? Your country need you to bow out Senator
this is how you're spending your time?? Give your taxpayer funded salary to someone that will actually DO SOMETHING!
Didn't know about this but support.
Keep going. Squeaky wheel and all that.
It's hard to fathom how a Benghazi committee was necessary & one for Russia isn't, unless 1 or both decisions were political.
Oh my God. - make this a priority in the Senate over confirming Gorsuch. Trying to score pol. points. Get real .
priorities
Impeach Sessions, entire Trump Administration then we will listen to you!
love u bring this up now..Think there are bigger things but what the hell , I'm in
Damn John,,there are some pressing things, at least I think,  more important
How about you do something that matters? Like help push forward the President's agenda.... Just a thought.
You are 100% accurate! I think McCain has been around the DEMS too long.He has forgotten he works for Americans
he only has one master and that is #georgesoros. Both need to be tried, convicted and hung! #MAGA
WHAT ABOUT THE ATTACK OF THE RUSSIANS?
Oh, now you want the presidents help. Too bad, traitor.
injustices should always be what we are concerned with. #smh
shaking my head. #smh . Although I am rather large so take your pick.
that's cool man.  But like...We need Trump's tax returns.
hint: if you want Trump to do this, tell him Obama wouldn't.
