I was so proud of you for voting no on the ACA repeal... please vote no again. Don't let 32 million Americans lose their health ins.
It must not happen... 
Not now Not ever!!!
Please take a stand against the Cassidy bill - we need you to do the right thing/ help save our democracy
Great can u stop your colleagues from ramming a repeal down our throats with no debate? No process? Do you mean why u say?
Oh boy
.@mccain is working against #Veterans
@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
A fox who won't even bother to put on sheep's clothing
A coward who would never risk his life for his country = @Jamesuwakwe
I can't believe you would stoop so low to mock a man who fought for this great nation. A war hero like John McCain. I don't agree with his politics. But he is still a better man than you I'll ever be.
When will you speak re horrible healthcare bill? You must vote no. People with cancer won't afford coverage. But, taxpayers will pay yours.
Please stand by your words, assure your legacy and vote against #GrahamCassidyBill .
Yes now speak out against the killer Healthcare bill.
after healthcare I don't care. Anything you support I won't.
Please remember the children that survive & live the rest of their lives with pre-existing conditions...don't let this bill pass! VOTE NO!
Most Americans COULD NOT AFFORD the Health issues you are Facing. VETS, Poor, unemployed AMERICANS WILL SUFFER. VOTE NO ON Graham/Cassidy
VOTE YES ON CASSIDY GRAHAM BILL DON'T FORGET YOUR CONSTITUENTS
If you vote for this Graham-Cassidy monstrosity everything you said about the last bill is meaningless and you're a hypocrite! Vote NO
Sen McCain please vote no on the new health care bill
and a NO vote on this so called health care bill! ITS JUST ANOTHER SCREWING
I am glad that you are  committed to  the safety of our armed forces but please don't forget the health & well being of the rest of us.
Vote against Graham-Cassidy.  It helps no one.
Time to retire before you make a fool of yourself
You are a bitter old man
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy! Protect our most vulnerable!
wtf dude??!?! say no to cassidy
Thank you Mr McCan, please vote NO on the Healthcare bill.
Gonna need you to step up again on healthcare as apparently @LindseyGrahamSC wants us pre-existors to die. Again.
If you listen to the Democrat elitest you will be voted out!!
Please Sir! VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY!
Vote no on graham's bill.  Can not give to states
You're a joke!
What's your point?
Fine- now please make sure that your state is not as damaged as the current ACA repeal bill will leave it. Graham/Cassidy is terrible!!
Just stay home nobody wants to hear you
Why don't U just stop whining.  America is better with out you confederates .
Make sure you protect the healthcare of the vulnerable in this country.
Can we get a comment on the latest #Trumpcare bill? I hope you plan on giving another thumbs down!
Don't do it McCain.
Great job, Senator; Keep fighting!
DONT DO IT MCCAIN. You cannot help and then betray the American ppl in less than a month!
I just a hard time ,believe anything that comes out of your mouth
Please McCain just say no again pleaseeeee. Help children  and elderly.
You saved my healthcare in Arizona one time, PLEASE do it again. PLEASE Vote NO!
The troops the troops that's all u ever say ... what have u done for the troops?
Vote NO, stand with the American people on healthcare.
Vote NO PLEASE.
Please protect our healthcare
Will you also vote to take away their healthcare?
Here's a vital bill for troops: stop fighting stupid, costly and not winnable wars #Afghanistan #Syria #Iraq etc etc etc etc etc etc etc etc
Just stay home please...
Be sure to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyNO despite Ducey's support & Lindsey being your amigo. Bad bill for AZ
McCain will do whatever daddy schumer says.
Boo
That's good and i hope it does so then our wack job of a president can have a parade. Save our healthcare Americans deserve the best.
Please don't abandon those who need you most right now. TrumpCare is a death sentence for those who will have no where else to go.
Really.... who cares... you've got nothing to say I'm interested in...
You hate Trump more than you love the country. You are a disgrace.
Your legacy will be one of hypocrisy and callousness if you go back on your words. Do not betray the American people.
You've been on the floor for a week talking about this already. So what's the difference between filibuster and regular order? RETIRE Brutus
Will Graham's bill take Medicare away from Veterans? If so how can you do this to fellow veterans??
Bring the soldiers and sailors home.  You'll save more money and protect our kids.
Senator McCain, please do not take coverage away from elderly, children and women. You are fortunate to have health care. The poor will not
Please be strong with the healthcare bill. Please read @JohnKasich, he makes sense. Is a  political  victory better than our lives?
Vote no on Graham/Cassidy bill!

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
please stop this bill..lots of Ppl will suffer. I hv 2 child w/ asthma & won't b able 2 afford this 4 them & other children will suffer 2
Please vote no on the next Healthcare debacle.
You are a real piece of work RINO!
Oh please.  Stay home.
What about the vital bill for millions on healthcare ?  You voting no?  Morally you know it's wrong to vote for this. Do the right thing.
#GrahamCassidyBill is revolting. Don't support it. Support the people not your bank account #NoRepeal
Pls vote NO on #GrahamCassidy #ACARepeal No bipartisan vetting or hearings have happened. Same horrible bill u voted against b4.
Repealing Obamacare with no plan is not right thing to do
Please don't vote for the new health care bill just because it's good for your state. Think about everyone else as well. Thx u 4 ur service
VOTE NO ON GRAHM CARE!
Retire we need real conservatives in the senate.
Get Out TRAITOR.....GO AWAY NO ONE WANTS YOU HERE!!!! NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU THINK OR HAVE TO SAY. YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING FOR THE PEOPLE!!!!!!
What about health care, John
PLEASE don't let them pass this healthcare bill without any hearings or debate.  If they do everyone who votes for this will burn in hell.
Vote no to #GrahamCassidyBill 
a yes vote hurts millions.  A yes vote is to get a win only. Stand strong and do what's right for millions.
Vote no on healthcare bill
I want to hear you say you're keeping your word about regular order, hearings, debates, amendments before voting for Graham-Cassidy bill.
Vital for your pocket I'm sure!
You sure have a lot of Democrats following you.
I hope you trip
Please vote no on #CassidyGraham wealthcare bill. Charging more for or denying coverage for pre-existing conditions is a death sentence.
You better pass the Graham-Cassidy Bill and get healthcare out of the federal government and back to the states!!!!
Retire
Please vote NO on the health care bill.  Please!  People will die!

https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909801542118727681 …
Prove one more time your with the American people on healthcare reform demand bipartisan legislation protect coverage vote NO GRAM/CASS.
Thanks for standing up for the military. Please stand up again for health care. #ACA
Please give your "thumbs down" on the rushed through...no cbo score ...partisan health care bill, we depend on your good sense
Do you want throwing the least of us under the bus to be your legacy? Vote No!!
Those troops that won't have HEALTHCARE when they get home? Those troops? They treating you well at Mayo, hypocrite?
sir many of us who are disabled would be devastated by this. Please stand up for all of us and protect our healthcare.
Senator we need the full CBO report to show how many loose coverage how much premiums will go up. People losing pre-ex protection. Vote no
I thought your first priority was transexuals & ill aliens. You never cared for Americans (the reality is your first priority is yourself).
How about the disabled vets that are being shit on by hr620?
Can you please tell them not to vote for #CassidyGrahamBill ?  This is a sudden death request from millions of Americans
Stay strong, Senator. Your country needs you now more than ever. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.
Vote No on GOP health take away bill...your state's citizens & reputation is on the line..will you be just a footnote or a maverick?
If only I had faith in your ability to legislate for the betterment of our troops. Turncoat.
Is there anyone we should call to help gather support? I'm willing!
Good luck! We're pulling for you. We do NOT want to repeal ACA, but we DO want this bill to pass.
if you vote for the newest version of the republican repeal of ACA, you will do great damage to veterans who will lose their heath care.
Your the only one honking your Horn.
Please don't vote for your friend Lindsey Graham's bill. The ACA needs to be fixed, not repealed. Don't pull the rug out from under millions
Don't care 
What about healthcare Senator,please do what's right vote No,force bipartisan negotiations American people depend on your leadership vote no
How about speaking on the #GrahamCassidy which hasn't been debated or scored by CBO
If you vote for new health care theft, your legacy is forever stained. All talk about regular order is nothing without cbo score or debate.
yea, we need to spend more money to get these disturbed people surgeries.....really this is going too far.
If you vote yes.hope your cancer battle is tough,like it would be for ppl having to get the shitty #GrahamCasiddy coverage.Im wrong so r u
PLEASE PLEASE SEN JOHN MCCAIN don't take Obamacare away from us, the people! WE MATTER, DONT WE?
Please stick to your call for REGULAR ORDER
Who cares? You've said enough for several lifetimes. You were a lousy presidential candidate  and a lousy senator.
The ACA is also a vital bill for all Americans, please vote no on this outrageous act by the GOP.
Please, please don't take away millions upon millions of people's Healthcare.  If their replacement isn't as good as your H/C, hell no.
Him & Hillary would make a great team. They have no shame at all about who they are or what they've done. Truly SICK!
Get them what they need and deserve. Our vets and troops are above the politics. Or at least they should be.
Senator McCain, the American people shouldn't have to beg for their lives daily. Please do the right thing again & vote NO on Graham-Cassidy
Can you also submit your resignation?  It would make America very happy.
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Thank you for taking care of those who honorably served. Stay honorable & strong for America as well, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Please Sir.
Sit down and shut the hell up!!
Senator McCain please fight for good healthcare for Americans not to take away preexisting conditions.
You can't vote for the Graham Cassidy bill. John it's worse than last bill . REGULAR ORDER REMEMBER
What about your buddy #lindseygraham's crappy health care bill? Are you going to back that one? #healthcarebill
My buddy? I just somebody gets it done. Republicans Democrats whomever, reach across the isle There's too much put on this partisan bullshit

So is Healthcare!!
And I assume you'll oppose graham/Cassidy since it isnt being done thru regular order and with Dem contribution?
Trumpcare is murder.
Keep it short, very short.
Please don't vote for the Graham/Cassidy bill. You know it's, at most, no better than the bill you helped vote down. You're better than this
U pulled a ruse on the Republican Party
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy repeal bill it will cause harm to millions of Vulnerable ppl
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Not many interested in u speaking.
.@SenJohnMcCain Stand respect the words u already spoke. Healthcare is not RvsD. This is a chance to see if we can ever have bipartisanship
Hard to focus on that when your colleagues are trying to kill us...again. No vote without a full CBO score unless you were lying in July.
Is this advanced warning that you'll give the deciding vote a again?
That's great man. Stay healthy sir!
Thank God
Vote NO on trumpcare
...and healthcare?  Where do you stand?
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy...it will kill America.
Fix my health care
Don't vote yes for the new healthcare fiasco. You have cancer, so put yourself in the shoes of people like you, but don't have the means.
Terrific. After that, please oppose Graham-Cassidy bill.  Allow others with glioblastomas to access treatment like you; do not cut them off!
Vote for the people not the party. Your care is paid by the folks GOP is throwing off, or can't afford pre- existing hikes. That's ok w/ you
Vote no on #CassidyGraham. Otherwise that speech you gave in July about regular order was nothing but a lie.
Please Sen.McCain 
Don't let them screwup anything else!
America is counting on you Sir!
I hope you keep Americans in your Mind & Heart - Vote NO on this Cassidy Bill!
Thanks for the warning!
NO to #GrahamCassidy. #SaveOurCare
Please vote against #GrahamCassidy .
EVIL FOLKS should NOT be in CHARGE OF OUR MILITARY doing EVIL! STAND UP OR GET OUT! He that lays DOWN HIS LIFE 4 ANOTHER is of GOD! AMEN!!
Please vote no. Protect American moms and babies.
Graham-Cassidy will wipe out key protections for women, moms & babies. Senators should vote NO http://po.st/Lmz5Tx  #ProtectPatientsNow 
Traitor.
Bipartisan support for HEALTHCARE  you said it  so stick with it
Speak about no to #CassidyGraham . What about regular procedures? This is ramming destruction of healthcare to vets too. Vote no
Pleas sir, do not vote for this new healthcare plan
Hope I don't miss this traitor speak........NOTTTTTT!!!
If you vote for the new and worse Trumpcare it will be your legacy. Asthma, diabetes, MS will bankrupt hardworking families. How can you?
What about the most important thing McCain, Graham/Cassidy.Its BS and U know it!

Senator, vote NO on the new health care bill - it's still terrible.
#SaveOurCare
REMINDER: John McCain was pardoned by Nixon for treason.
I don't really care about speeches if they don't follow action, so how about a full CBO score and regular order ?!?!
https://twitter.com/funder/status/909889205077184512 …
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot
#GRABHERBYTHEPUSSY @POTUS
#RUSSIA MULLER TIME
Fact: 17 of the best investigators in the world wouldn't leave cushy gigs for a nothingburger #TrumpRussia
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/russia-scandal-moves-forward-team-mueller-isnt-done-growing …
Good luck! bipartisan is what we need, on everything including Healthcare. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
