I'm sure he will be @POTUS next new bff
Beating your War drums there #SongbirdMcCain
Please save our DREAMERS. Make a law for them a #1 priority.
How many tin horn dictators do you want us to take out? Enough. The world is not fair let them fight thier own battles. RETIRE Brutus
Your just mad because he broke up with you after Vietnam war.
All talk, no action, by Songbird, himself.....tweet, tweet
What are y'all gonna do, talk to him like y'all did w/ N Korea for 24 yrs..please move outta the way and let someone else do your job
It happens.
Forget Cambodia, how about USA???
What's worse? Ruthless? Or worthless?
Since voting against the repeal of Obamacare, I have no interest in your opinions about anything.
The return of Pol Pot.
Will u do anything about tRumps ascension since he seem to idolise these bastards
SENATOR  I HAVE TAKEN TO PRAYER MANY TIMES A DAY HOPE YOU AND OTHERS DO THE SAME!
Stop reading and start writing legislation.  Do your job and repeal Obamacare #MAGA
All american should learn about America and Cambodia during Vietnam War before commenting this news. Also accord de Paris 1991.
What do I do John? Sit in from of a world map and throw darts, wherever it hits is the next war? Go away.
Now, Hun sen will send someone who talking bad about him in Cambodia into the prison! We can't talk the truth, we do n.th n need help!! 

Yes I agree. In Cambodia, people worry, Tired with his leader.
But we think you are a ruthless leader @SenJohnMcCain
Yeah, well how about you and your compatriots doing something about the stepping up of authoritarian rule right here at home?
Washington Post? NYTimes? No one pays any attention to them or you. Unless of course yor obit. Is in them.
How many more countries are you going to try to get us into this week?
Seriously IS ALL YOU READ IS THE OPINION SECTION. WOW!!!!! Your a senator for Christ sake base your decision on FACTS
Why must you always come out with Must Read
 Everytime you do this I avoid the article. Stop it

Americans have zero respect for you

U must love rhis guy cause ur a criminal too. And didnt i say Datan is waiting? Get on with it
John: so is ours! DO SOMETHING!
Trump will take down Congress if you don't get him first @SenJohnMcCain
. Traitor john, he's much better than you are. Is your name in the book of life, if not you are damned to hell
Is this going to be Trumps BFF? He likes the "strong leader" types.
America's ruthless leader is stepping up his authoritarian game, too. What will @GOP do about that?
Hey Democratic "hero", worry about the United States for a change. You are a sick RINO that loves the Washington Post.
Well Trump likes him so I doubt he cares.
SO, IT WAS ALWAYS THERE 
IT IS NOW MORE OPEN
ABOUT HIS TRUE INTENT
They see how well trump is doing or what he's getting away with & they're all emboldened. And we have mindless voters & you GOP to thank
Hun Sen, well aligned with China and trade to keep safe and hold on to power.
Must-read John McCain votes nay on repealing Obamacare. Thanks traitor
Reminds me of Republocrats in Washington DC
What happened to Suu Kyi!? What happened to her caring, courageous, outspokenness? You'd think she's still a prisoner in her home. So sad.
Speaking of Burma of course...
Still pushing that Washington Post fake news s*** John
stop it you're only encouraging them
Must-read "United States' ruthless leader is stepping up his authoritarian game". Thoughts, Senator? What can GOP leaders do to curb maniac?
#CAR  #WELL   Think, I'll just leave this here for another readers review, while enjoying their coffee. #WOW
So is America's @realDonaldTrump #POTUS
So is Americas
We should stop importing Muslims and start importing Cambodians.
Is happening here John, please wake up and do something.
China supports this regime & perceived, no doubt by Vietnam. as a threat to their west, while China's illegal S. China Sea actions in east.
Move there
We are not interested in nation building or policing the entire world we need to police crime here in inner cities @POTUS @VP
Also only swamp dwellers and never trumper read that trash paper
Trump effect
Worldwide problem

Why shouldn't he?  He sees how successful these tactics are in the US and elsewhere?
So is the orange menace. Look deep at what we are dealing with.
The whole world has gone greed and power crazy!
<== 
Too busy for AZ mom who went to DC.
He must be reading Trump's playbook
How come in your must-read you're more concerned with what's going on in other countries than what's going on here
Since you have been back, John, what else have you accomplished other than tweeting?
So you enjoy writing for left leaning papers now I see.
So when is Trump going to say kind things about him?

John 3:16
For #God so loved the #world that He gave His only begotten #Son, that whoever believes in Him should not [1/2]
perish but have everlasting #life. [2/2]
John 14:6
#Jesus said to him, “I am the #way, the #truth, and the #life. No one comes to the #Father except through Me.
