What will you risk to keep us safe, McCain? Don't tell me you lived through being a POW to let a traitor torch our democracy. Time to ACT
I know you never cared for Trump, but there are no grounds for impeachment, very shameful, one memo, w/no proof, sickening
Honor your President & stop mucking up the economy by undermining POTUS. You're messing with my 401K! You don't have $ probs but we do.
Resign you old trader remember your confession when you were POW !
@John why didn't you honor fellow POW's instead of committing #treasonous acts against them? Why #Nixon pardon u? U r toast #voter fraud
But you have not an ounce of honor in you.
John is a cry baby who craves the love of MSM even though they screw him whenever they feel the need
John McCain. Military brat with daddy issues. Married money and road his capture all the way to The senate. WOW! What a guy.
REALLY.. "It's gotten 2 a watergate proportion"? Ur not just a rino ur a lib! I'm a Vietnam combat vet & I'm not a POW! #Vets
My sincere thanks to all law enforcement officers.
It is obvious your hate for President Trump has put you on a path to undermine America based on unsubstantiated sources. You are the enemy.
you r the biggest threat 2 we the ppl. you are insane, need to get out of the biz of selling our country out 2 globalist,  Soros is your bud
Loser Mc Cain!So ashamed you claim to be an R! You're an evil man - trying to ruin this nation. Been a R all my life-Get out & bcome real D!
ok can you impeach trump now?
Are you really that stupid? Nevermind you're a liberal that explains it all!!!!
The American People put Donald Trump in office and you support and push fake scandals by the corrupt media. Sadly  I voted for you
He's trumps new lapdog. Grow a spine John. I no longer respect you. You either fix this or your part of this assault on the US. Simple.
Thank God President Trump is teaching respect for law again after the last 8 years of lawlessness.
McCain you are a trader to The USA how can you be that jealous of President Trump that you would be a trader to your party tojust resign !!!

Finally, something we can agree on!
Who's bravery is 100x Republican Senators' bravery in questioning our leader. Get out of your shell - fight the fire that is Washington
So sad to see you are a "maverick" only in name. Your actions will speak loudest, Sir. #betrayed #trumprussia #corruption #democracy
That isn't what you told him when he played Top Gun role play with you. Too bad he missed the landing strip.  #MAGA
We'd like to honor your bravery & self-sacrifice for US in face of Grifter-in-Chief's greed and threat to nat'l security.
What do you know, another lib who supports the military industrial complex out of political expediency.
You should be ashamed for comments about Trump. You're still mad you didn't win in '08. That was your fault for not campaigning well.
I am a sort of   cheer leader of Americans in Europe and Romania...
what have you done today to stop this disaster of a president?  Why are you not standing up for the American people and our democracy?
We need a special prosecutor, not empty words that equal support for this corrupt administration. History will remember.
Grow a pair if you want us safe. Our biggest threat is @POTUS! You have the power to do something! Protect your country!
Looking at the replies is enough to see you need to do real Republicans a favor and NOT run for reelection you got the favor of the insane
Stop betraying the people of your country & the flag you fought for not the one who is Lying to you at the moment such Complete DISGRACE
Please put country before party . We need you and all replubicans to step to the plate and do what's right
your fan club consists of libtard snowflakes! i see they have your support! lmfao what a traitor
I have discussed about Interpol in my tweets before, John!

This is NOT acceptable, Senator. 

https://twitter.com/Zyrgle/status/864682356908507136 …
Don't let all your sacrifice and valor be in vain. Trump is a traitor, a criminal and incompetent and MUST be impeached or forced to resign
John please for Gods sake be a hero again and save our country from Trump!! He is giving our country away to our enemies!! Shame on the GOP
"Nearly", troublesome, concerning, worrisome, these are all code words for the GOP ain't gonna do shit!  When did you become a coward Sir?
Don't try to snow us who voted Republican with this little bit. You are Swamp Monster Elite, and you're trying to overthrow our President.
How about you police the White House?
Step down, you are not a http://republican.You  do not stand for us We voted for Trump and you do not stand with us Get out traitor McCain
May you go down [to jail] with Trump. You're just as guilty of treason
Go wallow in your own misery..leave me out of your warped hate filled head.  TY

God Bless the Police who do their job and keep us safe. You, on the other hand, not so much. #weak #maverick
Your arrogance is exceeded only by your ignorance of WE THE PEOPLE!  U obviously have determined you're smarter than both Trump & us. WRONG!
Learn to honour your President @realdonaldtrump and respect @statedept policy. You dishonor @gop everyday & driving force for #TermLimits.
With due respect John your a liberal who wants to start a war everywhere!
Did you survive torture in viet nam to let your country down now? You've let trump get away with despicable behavior from day one-end this
End your betrayal to your party and to these morons who follow blindly to their own slaughter. You have to have some SREAD of dignity left
Your statement tonight that you support McMaster r U effing out if your mind? You flip flop more than 45. That's it you and your party done
GET SOME COURAGE AND PUT A STOP 2 THIS DISASTER! THIS IS FRIGHTENING NOW WITH WHAT THE PRES ID DOING! HE IS A DANGER AND MUST B IMPEACHED!!!
People respect you but will NOT if you and others don't take steps to stop this INEPT, UNFIT PRESIDENT!  COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!!!!!!
Please lead your party!
UR scripted "very troubling" comment re each of trump's criminal acts is "very troubling." You're no patriot! You put party first. Sad.
If you honor these officers, then step up to your responsibilities as their representatives.  What are you going to do about Trump?
How about respecting that bravery and selfless service by acknowledging the criminal in chief and doing something about it?  It is your job
Honor those who gather intelligence risking their lives for all of us and stop this madman Trump
Sir, I mean this with all seriousness: You are our only hope.  PLEASE do something about this very dangerous man in the WH.
Sadly i dont think mccain is our hope-i don't know how he earned his reputation as a maverick-he has voted trumps way every single time
@realDonaldTrump should release Songbird McCains combat records so we can all see the fraud he is
Kansas congressmen (@SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran  @RogerMarshallMD ) pledged their allegiance to Trump/GOP instead of to the USA. Help us!
You're a total sleeze
You don't find it odd that Russia was involved in our election and then Trump entertains them in the WH? No American photographers???
Yea unless it's a Trump supporters you're a traitor!You should be impeach you demonic http://garbage.You  are not 4 the best of America.
"Glory belongs to the act of being constant to something greater than yourself, to a cause, to your principles, to the people"... J McCain
Sir, with all due respect, who's risking anything to keep us safe from @realDonaldTrump? We could use your help and integrity, Senator.
So many around the globe risking thr lives 4 our national security. When will u stand up for them by telling Trump enough is enough? #UNFIT
You're a hero as well.  It's time to step up and rid this country of TRUMP!
He's a dangerous man and you know it.
Senator McCain it's time! You are the one that can save American!! I have confidence in you. Please do something!
I respect your service to your country but it needs you again and I am not seeing you stand up for what is right this time.stop this madness
How dare you write of bravery? You showed it 40 years ago and have been coasting since, you lickspittle toady. Man up and be somebody.
Obstruction of justice and you've got nothing?????  I thought you were one of the good guys Sen McCain
Yeah so did I!
You left every ounce of your courage in that prison in North Vietnam. 

You embody GOP's shame, greed, and cowardice.

I used to admire you.
Until you #impeachTrump ALL OUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER.
Would you please stop a join the republicans you act like the democrats stand behind our President just stop !
Stop saying you are "deeply troubled" and "concerned" and DO something about Trump.  Your words are meaningless without action,
Not a word about obstruction by Trump? Be the hero people say you are Lead a bipartisan attack on those who would bring the country down
Why are all you GOP so silent on Trump???  WHAT ARE U AFRAID OF??  He's not a mob boss, but you all act like he is.  Shameful.
what about the informer that Trump just betrayed
Let's not forget Comey was investigating Trump team taking money from Turkey as we receive them in the WH today.  #Russians #Turkey
All talk no action
You sir need to go away
Shouldn't you take a minute to voice how concerned you are over Trump's latest game of Treason-go-Round before getting back to your nap?
please be the patriot that you are and say what needs to be said about this national crisis we have with our President.
RUSSIA.
Please do something about trump
Then why don't you want to investigate right wing militias that are killing our cops?
And trump goes to the service and acts like the jolly circus clown.  So totally clueless and heartless. #NotATimeToCampaign
Trump must go. I know you will fight for us. This President is committing treason on various fronts.
The @nytimes is reporting that Trump asked Comey to drop the investigation re: Flynn.  If this is true, what are we going to do about it?

You are much like Comey . A man that lost it all by crossing the line. What happened to you ? Why do you hurt us like this ? #MAGA
John McCain, you are a traitor of you do not call for an independent investigation!
U mean the 1s Trump put in peril by leaking classified info to Russia, ally of terror sponsor Iran? More likeley terror attacks? #IMPEACH
Sounds like McMasters is just another Trump puppet. Suckhole and ass kisser.
Senator McCain- the official position of the USA is sanctions against Russia. POTUS is not justified in sharing. Is GOP pro or anti please?
Stop doing the work of liberals
@SenJohnMcCain is now a full-fledged member of #RussiaGOP #trumprussia, making LAME EXCUSES for @POTUS CORRUPTION & TREASON.
Please stop Trump.  We are counting on you to do the right thing.  You are the best leader we have.
Honor them by getting your party to uphold the Constitution @SenJohnMcCain. The president just endangered our lives. Worse he has made ALL
Law enforcements  job very dangerous
Please be a hero and call for trump's impeachment.

The Benghazi attack was called an "avoidable atrocity." Tell me, @jasoninthehouse and @TGowdySC, when do the hearings start for this? https://twitter.com/AsteadWH/status/864262487742361600 …
Honor us all by demanding impeachment trump is a danger to us all! Country before party!
Yeah not Obama.."The U.S. Sent Another $1.3 Billion to Iran After Hostages Were Released" you people are morons
Wish McCain and the rest of Congress would risk their jobs to keep us safe. Too much to ask ?
Their jobs are at risk now. I'm registering Democrat to get them out
DO YOUR JOB!! Country before party!
How about reacting to the "president" who makes our country UNSAFE? All the police in the world can't keep us safe from his incompetence.
And what about the CIC senator...
Wish your service was selfless also, but you're in it for the money and power, Keating 5, tailhook, Forrestal, 894/899.

Your lack of action to stop the crimes against American is appalling and sad.  what happened to you?
This is a nice tweet. But where is the outrage at potus' negligence? The US people are counting on YOU to hold him accountable!
But not the FBI and other intelligence agencies!  For them we allow an ignorant egomaniac to dispage them anytime he wants.
With due respect, can't say we respect our police if we don't respect #Comey , intelligence community, right? #impeachTrump that's respect
Hey, how about someone, anyone, maybe the pres or congress act to protect intel officers worldwide?
IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP
Please walk the walk, not just talk the talk...
Please back up your strong censure of Trump with action.
Please start impeachment. We all want to breath again. I have great respect for you, be a hero (again). 
There will never be Impeachment but looks like there may be some interesting stuff coming you Libtards way..
And we spit on cowering party hacks who mouth "concern" & slink away. You inflicted Palin on us & now wither in face of T. Great career end.
You John McCain are part of the TREASONOUS GOP.  DO YOUR JOB AND WORK FOR THE PEOPLE. OUST THE MADMAN.
Day late and a dollar short
Neat. I'd like to honor and respect the people that put 45 in jail. Hopefully you're working on that?
SenMcCain, please do something about trump.  We need to impeach him before he destroys our country and the world.  Country B 4 politics.
please honor your country and the R party and get a special prosecutor named for the Russia investigation
Remember when you used to be a brave patriot for your country?  To think that I almost voted 4 you 4 President once. Glad you picked Palin!!
We are happy you support law enforcement!! We WISH U would support the President instead of undermining him every chance u get! Try harder!
Are you still planning to be pro-trump if it's proven that he broke the law? Either money laundering, obstruction, conspiracy, or treason?
Police should arrest Al Qaeda supporters for protect citizens #AbuMccain
You will be remembered as a brave soldier who didn't do a thing about Trump and his treasionist actions!! #saveus
If only they could keep us safe from you traitor McCain.
great to honor the brave men and women but the bad ones are overshadowing the good ones. http://killedbypolice.net/ 
If you want to keep us safe man up and get that man-boy to step down. He is a danger.
That's great, meanwhile what are you going to do about that buffoon in Oval Office?
During National Police Week.  Please police this train wreck Potus45*
Unless you're our President, then you toss a stupid hat to the forlorn family of a slain cop.
John stop with these crazy tweets are countries under attack this is foolish do something silence is treason GOP complicit
You are embarrassing yourself & the GOP by letting Trump pander to the Russians and alienate our allies. This is disgraceful. #trumpMustGo
What about our intelligence assets who keep our country safe? What would you do if someone said something that would hurt them?
New Poll 55% Americans wish Barack Obama was still President that number includes 13% of Trump voters Trumps numbers like a runaway elevator
Bullshit
#ImpeachHimNow
Respect them by taking action to remove @POTUS
Do your job and stand up to Trump. What are you waiting for?
‘If I was involved, I’d be nervous’: Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes division looking at Trump associates
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today. Note that John
He frankly doesn't have to care. Last term in office and 5+ yrs 2 next elec. Just sad he sacrificed so much for country then abandoned it.
