I expect u2 hold your party responsible 4 the investigation of the unethical actions of the president & his family.  Country over party.
Trump has done nothing wrong.  Accept your loss
No worries Mueller will decide that.
It's about time u admitted the problem Congress has become for the American people. This is why we need term limits.
DOL needs reform, 45 days off for strained arms/legs for federal employees? Average 9 days sick leave priv. Sec. 4 days
Thanks for nothing. You should have retired. #TCOT
Thanks for Nothing. U should have retired.
Just out of curiosity, what are the rest of you going to do when the 13 Republican Senators write their fourth healthcare bill in secret?
I would like to read the same from you working on a factory or as a waitress.
Say NO to universal healthcare! NO to Marxism in the USA! Stand for the #FullRepeal as promised! Stand #UnitedForFreedom!
With ALL due respect Sir Our Country needs your Leadership-deal with @POTUS NOT Left/Right issue  @realDonaldTrump is unfit ##CountryB4Party
Thank God for President Trump?
Go that extra mile like McCain did to drum up that dossier to try to help Clinton win. He frickin bent over backwards! DNC MVP Award!
No on ACA. Do the right thing.
You might be surprised by how low our expectations of Congress are now. We've learned to expect very little—it lessens our disappointment
Can you promise not to hand over our benefits & Medicaid to the .4% in 700 BILLION in tax breaks?  Is THAT still in this new, "better" care?
Repeal Obamacare-pass tax reform,-get behind POTUS' agenda which is why he was elected & you! If u can't do that u shd retire or voted out!
Yes. Stop fighting our POTUS all the time. Remember we elected him!
Ummm I don't think the majority of the people elected trumpy. Some fools with electoral votes did
If the electoral vote had went your way you wouldn't be whining soo much. Remember what your gal said?
Useless to work with the Dems on healthcare, the only want to keep Obamacare
Yeah right!  Like repealing and replacing OCARE?  Liar!
Please retire your killing the Republican party
We expect ALL GOP to get on board & support Cruz's Freedom Amendment. Just do it!
You talk the talk - can you walk the walk? The past 35 years would indicate not. Want to help us? Pass term limits & go home!!!
Actually if you did what we wanted you would retire
@Colleenvarner1 mcCain you are such a phony.
QUIT PLAYING YOUR POWER GAMES. ALLOW THE CONSUMER FREEDOM OPTION AND REPEAL OBAMACARE.
Define...work, come early, and stay late.  Pretty sure your definition doesn't correlate with the average person.  #governmentfail
QUIT PLAYING YOUR POWER ELITE GAMES. ALLOW THE "CONSUMER FREEDOM OPTION" AND REPEAL OBAMACARE.
To bad Repubs can't get their act together on anything you guys are going to loose senate next election you lied to public
Yes work on the COLLUSION
You're one of the main problems John. Maybe you should go home!
Just don't destroy healthcare for the elderly, the poor, and the disabled. We are judged as a country by how we treat our most vulnerable.
Please fight for America Mr McCain. Not just our party. You are the strength America needs. Don't let Donald  ruin this country. Stay strong
Now you want to work, that is a JOKE right?  Are you going to work to OBSTRUCT? that is what you do, never get anything DONE, shameful
We (your constituents) expect you to vote no on a bill that will take healthcare from millions.
Amen.
What ever you do, don't take insurance away from millions of Americans!
Oh, you're wanting to start doing that now?
Resign
Sen., we expect you to work with Dems to improve and strengthen the ACA--work on healthcare, not wealthcare. Give up the Koch bros. &$$$$$
Make sure y'all remove the part where you can euthanize people...
Yes get to work quit running around screaming Russia Russia Russia.
Fight Trump right?
Finally, a voice of reason...
We don't expect you to take healthcare away from millions. So please, go home where you and your party can't hurt us.
It is about time you got off your collective duffs!
You mean the work you're PAID to do. Stop wasting our time and tax money. Congress has become a disgrace. GO TO WORK
Hahaha u are right so when u plan on doing ya job as Republican not DEMOCRAT u do know that tho right?? Atleast ya daughter has a brain tho
Our citizens expect their senator to respect the Office of the President and not embarrassed yourself.

It's abt time OUR reps in DC r finally trying to get things done. If HC were Prez, all wld b going home no closer.
To pretend to have integrity then vote the way Trump tells you to?
we expect you to do what is right. we need healthcare, I don't care if it is ACA but we need insurance or medical care that works for all
All talk no action. Don't repeal Obamacare, make it better. I'm your constituent, and Arizona deserves a Senator puts country over party.
We don't expect you to work if you're just working to get the 1% their tax break at the expense of others health.
You might as well just stay in D.C.  Your crappy plan won't bring home the bacon. It's just gonna cook our goose.
Trying to pull an allnighter when you've had 7 years? Haha. More lipstick on that pig won't make it fly.
good job 
How about you focus on working with the president and accomplish some affordable quality HC solution that you would use yourself.
once great Senator now a shill.
Vote against cruel heath (hahaha)bill, PLEASE. That is what we expect.
Thanks, Senator
McCain has earned no respect. He has his friend Soros to funnel money to him and don't forget his political wife Lindsay Graham. Worthless!!
Don't go too far we might have to indict you you should be ashamed of yourself I always knew you were part of the establishment
I'm upset about talking against Trump and the Dossier???
Please vote no to trumpcare
What we EXPECT you to do sir, is impeach Trump and get the traitors out of the whitehouse. NOW would be good
#retire
Do the right damn thing.  Admit that a repeal of ACA was irresponsible promise, work with Dems to preserve protections afforded in ACA
Beginning to really think McConnell wants the bill to fail...not sure why yet...but that's the way it seems
Plus it gives you Lib leftists more time to sabotage the party, collect $$$ from Soros, and sabotage the President...your time is short RINO
"do work our citizens expect of us"...That would be refreshing.
What are you doing to stop St. Dept from importing hundreds of RU spies?
Exactly and WE EXPECT you to stand with our PRESIDENT and stop talking shit about him
http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-12-russian-lawyer-who-met-with-trump-jr-linked-to-group-hired-by-democrats/ …
REPEAL AND REPLACE....WE DON'T WANT 2ND VERSION OBAMACARE
Senator McCain why have you been silent as news broke that Trumps inner circle met with a Russian operative to get stolen Clinton emails?
stop fighting our President we voted him we want his agenda
We expect you to behave like a patriot & impeach Trump!!!
Sometimes gridlock is better than poisonous legislation being concocted & pushed. The majority of Americans want bi-partisan work to fix ACA
Please go home and get some rest.  You need it sir
I expect repeal OCare, tax cuts (corporate &individual), fund the wall & you will do what @GOP voters want If not @GOP will be voted out!
That would take consensus talking snd volerstion and care for people not special interests not party line pork
Sit down with Dems (@SenSchumer) and get #HC one right. Then move on to other biz. Should all be bipartisan work. Represent ALL Americans.
Remember your integrity and please refrain from killing your constituents
Wow. That is something new from JMcC.  Congratulations
Healthcare for all. Time for us to get insurance out of healthcare and use one pool.
We are glad your staying to work also. This Trump Impeachment will take a little work take a vote and see if impeachment can be done today
You better get to work, and get something done. The American people are sick and tired of this nonsense !!!!!!!!
HIGHEST PRIORITY FOR CONGRESS IS TO PROTECT THE USA

KICK THE Fn RUSSIAN SPIES OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE
FOCUS on #TrumpRussia
I spy a long red tie.

Take on the work ethic of POTUS
Can you get Congress to get Kushner's security clearance revoked?  This is embarrassing for and to our country!
Start with listening to your constituents! #Trumpcare is TERRIBLE for AZ veterans, seniors and families! #VoteNoBCRA #VoteNoAHCA
We've known for a long time that you're a crook! cc: @realDonaldTrump
Good for http://you.Study  the effects of BRCA on AZ residents, reservation clinics,hospitals, veterans, and Medicare/Medicaid.VoteNo!
John 
How can you in all decency defend this man. Some day History will remember you for why you didn't do, more than what you did.
Quit obstructing then.
Vote NO on the Senate health care bill. We need a bipartisan bill that protects Medicaid, pre-existing cond., the elderly and disabled.
Well said @SenJohnMcCain! Time management demonstrates respect for job, info & others. Mr @VP you have authority to do more than break ties.
Stop the Ndaa and ban sexual degenerats from being in our military.
Do what is right for the country! Remember, sometimes uneducated people won't know what is right!
Including not ripping health care away from millions.  Please fix #ACA. Stop replace & repeal. #SaveOurCare #NoBCRA

What has America come to when GOP lawmakers see nothing wrong in meeting w/ Kremlin emissaries promising interference in our politics?
For America ... resign please. We the Americans have work to do.
What a novel idea 
Sorry, MCCain, you are a bag of hot air.
First decent thing you've said in years.
Right! NO on Trumpcare! Save the EPA & public lands! And get those traitors out of the WH! Ready. Set. GO!!!!
don't vote yes on the healthcare vets here in AZ are counting on you... history will be your ultimate judge..@JeffFlake
Why did it take this one issue to finally get to work full time instead of parttime? No pats on the back!!
And don't spend 1/2 the day fundraising. No wonder nothing gets done. Can raise $, can't work across aisle. #SAD
The problem, you are doing the work of the party, not the people. Place people first and greed and reelection last & you'll come home to :)
Thank you. Like work with the Democrats to improve the ACA, not rip care from millions. Also, Russia. Just sayin' Country before party.
When are your colleagues in the GOP going to start caring more about the USA than you do about Being apologists for Trump and his bud Putin?
Please vote to spend $s on education, job creation, food programs, not building a border wall.
I hope this means you'll vote against whatever nightmarish HC bill @SenateMajLdr shoves at you and get Putin out of our gov't.
Please read the book, Why Courage Matters. Maybe you colleagues can sit at your feet while you read to them. You have lost your way.
Is that every citizen? Because we see collusion & treason as some work that needs to be dealt with & revoke Kushner security clearance asap
That would be a 1st for YOU! All YOU'VE been doing is HELPING DEMS!  FULL REPEAL! PASS @RandPaul healthcare bill!! And STOP ATTACKING TRUMP!
You're to busy sending an ambassador to pick up FAKE BS to bring the president down, actually your ass needs a subpoena!
I suggest u go home. Maybe less damage will be done to @POTUS agenda. BTW I voted for you, but your actions since election explain your loss
You are the one that needs to get your ducks in a row Sir..!
To be clear that work is to:
1: stop this HC repeal & save lives instead
2: stop this president from selling out our democracy immediately
Hope you're working on this - https://www.facebook.com/Upworthy/videos/1849629495077900/ … #Nocutsnocaps
Can you please help with a real healthcare plan that helps people and not take away healthcare?  How about really caring about the country?
@CNN @FoxNews @ABC @nytimes John McCain sent employee 2 pick up fake Steele report & gave it 2 Comey He also met w Russian lawyer Treason?
The work expected: #RussiaGate, obst. of justice, and conflict of interest invstgns, checks and balances.
Work done: assault on h/c, poor
I agree! Time for you to quit being a media darling attacking Trump & start supporting the agenda of the voters who voted 4 him &,GOP
Ditto @masenatorelizabethwarren
How about Stop Trump?!? #NoTrumpCare #NoWall #NoNepotism #JustSayNoSenator
Would be nice if you stopped joining Dems in their fight against the President and his family.
So your goal is to be a bag lady? Cuz that's where you're headed under tRUMPcare! Get woke!
His agenda is to get a bunch of greasy Trumps rich by stealing from the US. If you want to assist with that, you're complicit
Pls focus on repealing ACA disaster. Half the number of insurers from just 2 yrs ago! Costs doubling! People losing coverage. Go to work!
You and the GOP are traitors to our country, you need to go to jail.
You can just go back home!
Vote no on tRumpNoCare, get Russia out of the Oval, get healthcare for ALL, save/expand Medicare/Medicaid
get out if healthcare
leave our Medicare alone it's not your bank as social security is not your slush fund
If you're really too tired to be the maverick on this Trump disgrace, then you should just retire.
Fix ACA please!
Please Senator McCain vote no on everything except impeachment. The country needs your help.
Senator: please hold McConnell an Ryan's feet to the fire for a decent health care bill.  Thank you.
Thank you!
The only thing our citizens expect is for you to retire
What about this collusion business?  You going address that? #TreasonWeasel
Take a mental health break, GOP.
Please do & press your colleagues for bipartisanship. Encourage all for love of the Constitution to enact the 25th Amendment!
We need someone to stand up to what 45 is doing to our country, will you be that person?  #Trumpcare & #TrumpRussia is a disaster!
Citizens expect you to uphold the constitution, not the GOP
Your days r numbered in congress
You are part of the sting OP against @DonaldJTrumpJr #FusionGPS what a traitor you are John! Sad!
I'm sure your constituents would love affordable high quality healthcare, you know, just like the plan the government provides to you.
How about not approving $1.6 billion for a stupid wall?
Thank you for being one of the few to stand by the American. I appreciate your efforts and service to our country I salute you
Thank you Senator for your service! You have been great for our country for many years!
Your citizens expect swift action to investigate, charge and prosecute treason, sir
Enough time to #Impeach45
Yes, first on your agenda: impeach Donald Trump & rid D.C. of international gangsters & criminals. Nothing is more important than Democracy!
Yes, like Trump promised... Universal Coverage!
What you're not going off on another world vacation? How disappointing.
The most important work would be dumping Trump- a disgrace and traitor to US. Disarray in WH is catching. WH had few nominees.
How is Trump a traitor?  List specific reasons? Oh wait, there are none!
How about being a stand up guy and working to impeach that baboon you call president? I expect better from you than what you are giving!
Sir, can u imagine our PM @narendramodi works 365 days 17-18 hrs a day regularly like an untiring machine!
ACA = 1 yr +  79 House hearings, 181 witnesses, 100 hours, 239 amends. considered.  Senate - 25 consq. days hearings.
I'm coming around to: Obamacare is in trouble- pass your  bill & own it rather than not fix anytthig and say "we tried." Disaster in '18.
thank you for standing up to the ones who were elected by the people to represent the people yet do nothing but stand in front of the camera
democracts that are obstructing our goals. its so wr can never ser unity in the house or Senate all gor political gain. what a disgrace
