I have solved the riddle..his cheeks are stuffed with mangos! @GeorgWebb @LP083061
get rid of Nunes, get independent committee. He is incompetent!
thanks, McCain.  Our country is facing a crisis.  Thanks for putting country over party.  You're a good man.
Hopefully you will restrain yourself from bashing POTUS.
OK, cable news has limited reach- and greta is foxlite
Try Maddow- her podcast allows even wider audience
Your approval rating is 14% BECAUSE OF RAMPANT CONGRESSIONAL #CORRUPTION + lack of @GOP ethics.
great show.
Nothing great about giving the Hanoi Songbird a platform to bash America
Put a lid on it....he's the last remaining Patriot in the GOP.
hahahahaha I don't see a Patriot I see a RINO disloyal to those who voted him in & America
Did you serve your country in any capacity?
I rarely agree with you but PLEASE keep fighting for a select committee on Russia. Be the #maverick
NOBODY SHOULD WANT A WIN THIS WAY! JOHN IS A GOOD MAN! COUNTRY FIRST! ALWAYS! HERO! ALWAYS! AMERICAN ALWAYS!
Thank you for going on MSNBC, and not sticking to ONLY Fox News. Interesting discussion. #Russiagate
Thank you for putting country over politics!
JUST MAKE IT REAL EASY-GIVE THE  PEOPLE THE SAME HLTHCARE PLAN THAT ALL CONGRESSMEN IN WASHINGTON GETS 4 FREE
you have become a pansy sir. War war war is all u want...why claim to be a Republican when we all know your not
independent committee , just a trap  ! Most Americans know this. #fakecommittee #fakerepublican
YOUR THE MOLE AND WILL BE EXPOSED WIKILEAKS HAS PLENTY ON YOU AND WILL RELEASE ALL SOURCES SAY.
how come you appear more on left wing news stations than on Fox. This tells America what you stand for.
refreshing to see a Republican who isn't another Trump puppet. Thank you for standing up for the truth
What bothers me is you blaming the Democrats (as always) for @DevinNunes going rogue yesterday.C'mon!
#DRAIN THE SWAMP. RESIGN MCcAIN
you're a snake in the grass mccain.
Thank you for being the only Republican brave enough to stand to this corrupt administration.
Please - push for an independent commission to investigate Russia/trump - nunes is a political hack!
You are a hero to your party and our country. Thank you for being the voice of reason. History will reward you.
Please have someone commit this doddering old fool. Plus get Greta to hang it up ... she's predictable & stale.
What is happening to our government? I am sincerely worried.
Independent Commission - Americans deserve nothing less and you damned well know it
McCain  thinks everyone is controlled by Putin. McCain wants a war with every country. He's nuts.
Please continue demanding a truly non-partisan Ind. Com. Our democracy is at stake. History will be kind to you


Imagine "Our" Republicans at Nuremberg Trials: "Forget the Nazi's; Who leaked the Morgenthau Plan?"
CRAXY FAT KID???  Now that's foreign policy 7 year old talk
Nunes cannot be trusted! We need
independent committee! But I'm happy Nunes screwed himself so badly..he's a real idiot!
wished I'd seen this.  #IndependentInvestigation agree with McCain
Thank you senator for being a patriot over party!

Agree w/ u, Senator. @DevinNunes behavior today reprehensible & he must be replaced. This invstg too important!
We need an independent commission
wish you'd choose country over party.  Oh wait, you dont need votes anymore.  Do the right thing!
It's time you get over your hurt feelings put your big boy pants on and do what you are paid to do! Work
It's time for you to switch party's.  You should be working but all you do is stir the pot.
feel like u are the only 1 in GOP that gives a damn about Russian coordination w/Trump campaign & holding POTUS accountable.
SOLD OUT THE REPUBLIC, to George Soros ... he's not to be trusted. Please don't listen to him.
retire sir. Please.
we are Americans first and foremost.  Senator please remind the Rep  and Dem.
Senator So are you going TBD?
YA TELL ME HOW MUCH HE CARES!!!
For a crook that escaped the Keating 5 scandal you can sure point fingers. Vindictive little man.
Nunes must recuse himself.
you fake republican. President Trump was spied on by obama and your other left wing big govt friends. McCain resign / retire
@GrahamBlog @SpeakerRyan @RepAdamSchiff what type of Senate is this?no respect for wild
http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/03/22/521089304/congress-rolls-back-obama-era-rule-on-hunting-bears-and-wolves-in-alaska …
no respect for wildlife. I opposed Obama because of his foreign  policy
but this Republican Congress sucks along with Trump
afraid of Fox. Retire as soon as possible
Please don't back down from ensuring that we get a proper investigation of #Trumprussia
Hope you have a Hard Day #the original Snitch. #Original #tokiorose#traitor#termlimits
please McCain, this nunes nonsense is crazy. HELP!
But need an INDEPENDENT commission to investigate Russian connections.
John McCain just listen to Mark Levin says you need psychological help and I agree with him. Bitter loser
Thank you for holding the line re Russian investigation. GOP has to do better, for the sake of the country.
thank you for standing up for the truth Sen McCain
shut your liberal lips#veterans for McCain recall
Thank you for putting country first. 
Sir, IRGC threatening blow up our nuclear arsenal on US soil. Regime needs be removed. @SenJohnMcCain @greta @MSNBC
"You have 6000 nuclear warheads. Those warheads are our targets for our [IRGC] guerillas to destroy." https://twitter.com/TRUNEWS/status/836214455189057536 …
you are a true patriot sir. Show that draft dodging traitor what a true hero looks like.
Special Prosecuter @PreetBharara would do just fine! #Resist #Trumprussia #TrumpLeaks #TrumpImpeachmentParty
You have to impeach #45 before any indictments by the @FBI or All involved will be Pardoned!Clemency Clause
saw you called for special separate investigation! YES!!!! THANK YOU!
Omg Ty Ty Ty Ty sooooo much! You are my hero!  I loveeeeee you!
what's worth more, the GOP's agenda or protecting Trump? Can't have both. Time for independent investigation
lead the way on the Russian investigation. The country will follow.
So glad you are working for USA, as always!
Continue to sabotage the president and you'll be replaced.
Thank you!  Country before party!
I did watch. Thsnks
you are a true American. You are one of the only republicans looking out for the people.
Beyond time to convene a Special Prosecutor to look into the Trump-Russia affair. Nunes has shot himself!
Devin Nunes needs to go, what he did was unethical.
Please see this through, Americans deserve to know the truth. Nunes should be prosecuted for obstruction.
McCain needs to apologize to Trump. Trump Tower was wiretapped!
please stand up to save our country, we need an independent investigation, not Nunes. Can you help?
crap interviewee on a crap station, pardon my French
You're nation needs you once again -- help us remove Trump
Thank you Senator.  Respect!
I appreciate your service sir and your moral compass to always do what is right for the #USA.
Thank you for continuing to put country before party. I trust you to get us past this #TRUMPRUSSIA debacle
Senator please do the right thing, be a hero again. #IndependentInvestigation
I hardly ever agree with you, but I've always said you were a good man. This proves it. #CountryAboveParty
Great interview you have guts as you always have
Special team needed because congress doesn't have integrity? The GOP does but you do not. When are you going to get over it?
Please keep pushing for an independent investigation of the Trump campaign's ties to Russia.
For a peaceful retirement, come clean on your #TrumpRussia Ties. U know Manafort is Criminal & can help convict 45 of Treason
Still haven't retired?
please step up and demand truth and accountability!!!
Nunes & gowdy tainted
Need to recuse or 
Special Prosecutor needed
Show Patriotism 
Fed Govt is collapsing
I'm not a diehard Democrat. I voted McCain for President.
I'm proud of McCain for his patriotism. Fire Nunes
It's time senator for you to apologize the @POTUS for asking him to retract his statement @RandPaul @tedcruz
If the "drop-drip" of this investigation continues for a long time,  will infiltrate all govt.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. You are a patriot & putting country over party! I hope other GOP leaders will step up to defend USA!
McCain never was one to be intimidated by Russians or GOP traitors.
Thank you Senator... thank you for standing up 4 American people 1st... Nunes actions were very untrustworthy!
Perhaps this was Nunes motive, to make it go to Independent Commission...drag the dam thing out for years!!!
Senator, the American people look to you. Will you lead the search for a Select Committee? Please, help us.
thank you, Sir,  for being the true patriot you are.
You're right. Congress no longer has credibility.  But, thanks for saying that. Now you DO have credibility.
We need an independent commission to investigate Trump. Rep Nunes is unfit, unqualified, unable and unwilling.
lol.. Your desperation is kinda sad..
Thank you for continuing to support  an independent  investigation.  Anything less would be absurd hypocrisy
Trump had lost the confidence of the American people.  Invoke the 25th amendment
I suppose you're glad to get rid of @RepAdamSchiff. Who called you a coward? I'm so ashamed of you. You had a chance to show
Thank you for saying we need a select committee on Russia. How about a special prosecutor?
Watching your interview my respect for you goes up multifold. You and LGraham seem to be the greatest hope now
Thank You John McCain first standing up for what's right
Sorry can't imagine you have anything of importance to say. You are really irrelevant.
Adam Schiff should stay with the investigation. He has what it takes!!!
why won't@senjohnmccain die????
Loved how you described that Leader in NK: ...."that fat crazy kid.."  It was the first time I laughed today! I blew you a kiss for it! LOL
in AZ & have hope U R returning 2 early days when U were more bipartisan & got more done-fight 4 Indie Investga
Independent Commission is the ONLY way at this point.
Thats where you belong
When did you begin to hate America, its citizens and welfare so much. Fake News. Stand behind the President.
He loves America, which is more than I can say 4 u. He knows how to talk to the other side. USA!
thank you senator McCain!  Independent comitee on Russia interference in election, and trump team ties.
thank you, sir, for your service and cool heads prevailing.
Retire now!!!
I am totally disheartening that when I go to turn on the video it's not released I no longer know where you are
A very fitting place for you. RINO turncoat.
Why do you you say Obama made deductibles higher? The insurance companies decide that. Investigate them.
@MaddowBlog Devin Nunes has leaked confidential information and warned the Trump campaign. This is a felony
Hey! Traitor John McCain! Retire already!! Your just a waste of space in the capital! #MAGA w/ Us & do Good
thank you for your leadership.  We need independent committee!

@DevinNunes actions today lay bare his inability to investigate. He should resign & We need a #selectcommittee
PLEASE CHANGE PARTY! Then run for president! Because of Trump the Democratic Party has grown and will triumph!
You realize he's like, 900 years old, right?
Yes....
stop this crazy healthcare bill!
THANK YOU FOR BEING FOR COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! Independent investigation severely needed. NUNES NEEDS TO GO!
Sir, we need an independent investigation. Nunes is proof that it must be independent.
@loudobbs @foxnews @seanhannity 
McCain, leave ur Anti-Trump Hat @th ofc & b sure 2 tell only th truth.
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Yeah but will he tell the truthThese commies  look u in the eye&lie.Be careful he might call u a Russian agent.
You crazy people voted in the insane fat kid here & you protect his insanity,  well good luck it won't last
.  I agree w/you. Being bipartisan is best. Who was it who said GOPs would block any supreme court nominee if Hillary won?
Hilary isn't president. Focus on our country & WH now.
McCain speaking of crazy fat KIDS, running a Country, at least in North Korea he wasn't voted in, Trump was.
Yes! We need an independent investigation. Thanks for saying it. Get all these corrupt unAmericans out.

Yes, all of them. And add corrupt, lying Bannon too. He shouldn't be anywhere near our gov.
Yep. There are at least 25 people connected to Trump & Russia
I'm a career Dem--but I've always loved you. Keep up the good work--few like you left.
best interview to date regarding king baby Kim Jong- un! Right on analysis!
U just said replace. With something better,not a disaster w/ tax breaks for richest.
john McCain is corrupt...
Nothing compared to DT.
"Crazy fat kid running N. Korea" love it, so frank!
How about quit playing politics, start really answering questions, not dodging and do what is right.
Song Bird McCain. Should b in jail.
biggest back stabber!!
"The crazy, fat kid running North Korea..." Nailed it @SenJohnMcCain!
As a senior, I need affordable health coverage & option of potential long term care. AHCA is disaster.
#AHCA increases Medicaid funding 4long-term care & disabled every yr by medical inflation rate +1%
Age 62, AHCA is horrible. Please save us. #futurearizonaretiree
#McCainForPrison
fake news with fake McCain
Hopefully you will be talking Russia in the White House and Nunez
Thank you for fighting for your country and not just your party.
Schiff was talking about evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia, not the wire tap tweet.
John! Stop saying the Russian interference didn't alter the outcome of the election! That can't be proven either way.
But look at it this way!100k votes(abt .07% of total votes cast) decided the election.Had those gone to HRC, she'd be-rightfully-President.
So saying that Russians' finely-tuned propaganda machine couldn't have affected about 1 in 1000 Americans- well,that's just Nutbar factor 5!
I feel for you. It sucks that RUS undermined our elections. And there's no going back on something like that. But it happened- admit it!
#2020
Ivanka be given security clearance w tax liens & in investigation doing biz with corrupt govt re Azerbaijan ?
http://www.proficientaccost.blogspot.com 
Oh, shame on you. You're supporting Nunes/trumps dishonesty. Don't call Paul a traitor unless you're ready to hear it.
thank you for making me proud of my AZ rep. Ty for being bipartisan in the Russia issue. Ty, Ty ty
Hopefully you will be going to state that you are voting against the AHCA... (AZ resident, 85712-1935)
"No Longer Does Congress have credibility"! This is Most Disconcerting! Country Over Party NOW MORE THAN EVER!
nunes breaking protocol and Russia.
#RINO
we need a bipartisan independent investigation - what a joke this is becoming
Leave Schiff on the investigation! Nunes caused the problem!
Schiff is fair. Calm, Cool, & Collective!
Seems to be!
thanks senator for putting country over party. You sir, are a true patriot. America first.
Unfortunately there does not appear to be enough Republicans with Conscience and Courage! #CP5
thank you John McCain for your support of an independent investigation
Sir, thank you for your fair & honest, nonpartisan assessment. We are worried and need answers. @greta @MSNBC
worried?  Obamas noose is tightening. And Mc Cain is going to be hauls off to Bellview
Not even close.  @SenJohnMcCain @greta @MSNBC
