I'm not sure where the "imperfect" comes from. McCain epitomizes "to thine ownself be true" - character that we should all try to emulate
I agree! 100% I have nothing but the utmost respect for him. He is a true American hero. God bless him! 
Unfortunately McCain gave us Obama, couldn’t close the deal.
Really?! He makes me more disgusted by the day. He is an egotistical, self serving, politician who voted for himself and could care less for his constituents!
Actually, that's most Republicans. McCain is one of the few who puts his constituents and country ahead of party.
 like he lied about ACA?!
Like who lied about ACA?
McCain ran on repeal only to vote no twice. He lied to his constituents.
Repeal was only part of it. The replacement was worse than what you wanted repealed. We need to fix it, not make things worse.
Sorry but even Rand Paul voted for the bill and he is far more conservative than McCain. Try again. He lied!
The whole bill was a lie. Paul should have seen that. Instead he put party above country.
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Guy’s a stale rino. Time to stop idolizing him. Vengeful, resentful, angry old man hooked on power.
If the people of Arizona re-elect John McCain, we should pull every border patrol agent out of the state and let them figure it out for themselves.
Just a little extreme don't you think.
No. Single handedly blocking an obamacare repeal and forcing it on the rest of the nation is extreme. If McCain loves obama policies so much, one of them is open borders.
Obamacare repeal was total disaster. McCain put good of country ahead of party. Only reason you and GOP hate Obamacare is 1st 5 letters
Of course McCain and the rest of congress exempted themselves from it, so...
I wouldn't be wasting all that bottled up hate on a dieing man. I'm done with you. Your untouchable. I bet your a lonely man
Meaning that he has principles and you don't.
Retweeting yourself? Lost the few marbles you had left
Democrats servant
Won't be long and we will be rid of Flake, McCain, and Corker to name a few. The swamp is draining!
We don't appreciate being lied to and never will!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
McCain would have made a much better president than Trump.
He is so pleased with himself, in Arizona he is know as a opportunis would not want him in my fox hole
Hard to appreciate someone who puts personal vendettas over the country's best interests at this point of his career
Are you talking about Trump?
Whose that,trump!?!Well if that true well will be heading for a future only there won’t be a future or better an us whom create that future!
69 retweets - I didn't know one guy could retweet multiple times - McCains ego knows no bounds
Joke.  No different than the Oscars. Elitists praising elitists without a clue for middle class & small business.
#selfworship ?
Wish he would help spearhead research for pediatric brain cancer research. As someone personally affected, he knows no child should suffer!
Good article about an American Hero. Could have done without all the anti Obama venom, but in Trumplandia that's what the people want.
Go away Mr imperfect, just go away
? Sociopath... is a much better description
As a lifelong Democrat, this is one man I truly respect. An honest man who always tried to do the right thing. Thank you, Sen. McCain
When you fail at everything as McCain has done you complain and attack those who succeed. McCain's actions have destroyed his hero image.
@MSNBC @cnn @realDonaldTrump @TheFive McCain &MSM need to realize that irresponsible remarks could lead to violence. Blood is on their hands
He is a failure that attacks openly the POTUS knowing full well the adverse results this has on US repitation
No one cares about the life and times of a back stabbing contrarian octarian. You've inflicted enough on the citizens of Arizona. Retire
@RichLowry please Undo Retweet
Very much enjoying the irate #MAGA cult response to this article. #snowflakes
@SenJohnMcCain that's embarrassing. You're the biggest fraud in America history.
No, that's Trump.
TAKADOU
Give me a break.

America's must disgusting pos sellout would be much closer to the truth. Or maybe a disgrace to his nation and uniform.
I am going to puke.

@SenJohnMcCain deserves our nation's gratitude for his service and sacrifice in Vietnam.

He is NOT owed a senate seat.
Imperfect is too kind.
Retire Songbird
Bless you McCain.
John McCain - imperfect?  Nawww...just cleverly deceitful.  There's a difference.
Country over party. Don't be a zombie Daniel. Party following= cult.
Imperfect !! Really. !! I can think of better definitions than that. Pompous Ass is just 1
Did, until he started letting a personal vendetta come before keeping campaign promises.
If he would only represent his constituents and support the Presidents agenda.
Legend in his own mind.
Mac has had better times. His hatred for Trump is gonna be his demise.
Shame anyone wants to pay tribute to such a disingenuous bum like McCain. He might have been good at one time...but very long ago.
@SenJohnMcCain a true hero - but I would disagree with the author in that Palin was the only reason McCain lost the 2008 election
One of the main swamp monsters will be leaving the swamp. Just think, he is 81 Years Old!  Just imagine having a 81 year old boss at work?
He might be a imperfect servant, but he is the Perfect RINO.
Correct on Imperfect
This is how you will be remembered
Thank you for your service Senator McCain.
General, you have thrown your second career away working for Donald, you are tainted by him. @GenJohnKelly @realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP #MAGA
Perfectly capable of lying.
I don't know who doesn't more you or Pelosi.

Patting yourself on the back
@SenJohnMcCain ...LAME... The man has been funding terrorists in Syria
Imperfect is an understatement. He serves masters that demand constant flow of illegal labor across the AZ border. He’s a liar.
Very well written. Too bad the topic was McCain.
Doing HARM over personal slights is small particularly when McCain is surrounded with Democrat TRAITORS!
He is not the Man U 1st met,if he were he would have/would step down, I thank him 4 his service but it is time 2 go, he won't, selfish ego
You mean traitor
should have titled this, the official death of whats left of the credibility of nro.. sort of the rolling stone of the right
On the contrary, the country has been serving him for quite some time.
The traitor needs to go home. Not Fit to Serve!!
You need to sthu.
Was he really called Songbird?
He's a loser
