It figures you're on CNN.
Fox won't accept him
Not true!!!
McCain is joke and is treasonous

I wish McCain and Graham would go home and sit down somewhere. Really, they have done enough.....Thanks Guys, time to move on.
You have served your country honorably. Thank you for doing what is best for America
Giving secrets 2 Vietnamese is honorable? Was only supposed 2 give name, rank, & serial #. NOTHING else. & there's always #USSFORRESTAL acts
Delete your account
Ugh
It's to bad I hope your cancer is more aggressive to get you out of Senate hate to say it your a damn Rino now,has your constituency changed
I won't unless you're announcing your resignation Rhino
We would appreciate it very much Mr. McCain if you would start supporting our President.
Why he sucks
TRUMP ROCKS !!! 

That's all you have! #Trump Will go down as the president that saved America from the Lefty socialist communist antiwhite bigoted killers
He had already saved it by putting a fantastic conservative judge on the SCOTUS. anything else is just gravy.

WINNING
We hate you, Rino!
Nobody watches fake news ,ohh that's right you tell lies to so it's a great fit ,your a turn coat
Please resign today!

1 of the 2 planes you crashed
Or the 134 sailors you killed
Or treason your daddy paid to hide
Or coming out closet full Democrats Or etc.
Oh look at that Democrat McCain is going on Jake Tapper show what nasty things you going to say about POTUS today jealous old man
CNNand You, Sorry..We Don't Watch Comedy News Sen.McCain your feelings about Our Pres. has Gone Way Overboard..WAKE UP or GET OUT smh 
Perfect place for you to "discuss," stuff.....birds of a feather for sure.  P.S...that Obamacare you left us with is working out great /s/
Will you explain how you're failing your constituency?
McCain will never support POTUS why? Evil and jealousy consumes this little man
Exactly my same sentiments !!!
Selfish man bet Obamacare would have been REPEAL if you were force to have it 
My Obama care works good for me. The Republicas don't have a plan to replace it. Glad he refused to just repeal.
Obamacare works for you ? Must be getting free medicade ..for the rest of us working middle class it's affordable and therefore not insured
Affordable is a matter of importance. President Trump is not going to give free ins.#don'tjudge
Joining FakeNews 
Savior of Obamacare belongs with Tapper
They will just love you at CNN John. Your just the kind of guy they love a left wing Republican
Keep going on the Clinton News Network  traitor
Sorry "One Vote" nobody wants to hear what lies you'll be spouting off...not tuning in. #DrainTheSwamp
CNN??  Never....Would sooner put a round thru the TV than tune-in to that garbage...

CNN is the perfect venue for a backstabbing contrarian old dog like you. REPEAL & REPLACE OBAMACARE NOW!! Like you promised for 8 years. 
At least CNN tells the truth unlike Fox! James Hoosier, why the name calling regarding Sen. John McCain? Saving Obamacare saves lives!
CNN and FOX lies to us or at least they do not fully inform us. MSM is run by the deep state to deceive us. McCain is a Soros puppet 
James Hoosier, what has CNN lied about? Don't care what you call Sen. McCain, he will always be a hero to me, and I'm a democrat!
Many things like the Russia hoax. Van Jones himself admitted on audio video recording that the Russia story was a "Nothing Burger".
It's not a hoax! What about Don Jr? Guess that's ok with you!
You are right the Russia story is real when speaking of Hillary when we consider her sale of 20% of our uranium deposits to Russia. 
Give me a break! REALLY... Don Jr. set up a meeting to hurt Hillary! Do you really think they haven't done business with the Russians before
John McCain is a prime reason that Congressional term limits need to be enacted.Sorry but American's deserve better than RINO brain cancer.
Yup.he's confused
One of Americas best#
JOHN MCCAIN !!! PLEASE SAY YOU ARE GIVING YOUR RESIGNATION AND ARE QUITTING THE SENATE !!! PLEASE DO THIS FOR OUR COUNTRY !!!!!!!
How's the cancer doing for you? #MAGA
I HOPE..You're announcing your RESIGNATION!
Sorry John only thing I care 2 hear from U is these words --- I RESIGN ---please you've become an embarrassment to most

hope you announce your #resignation soon... #MAGA
Unless you ate going to talk about your retirement I don't want to here what you have to say. You BETRAYED your supporter. DISHONORABLE LIAR
You should feel at home WITH A FELLOW LIBERAL
No one tunes in to that crap @SenJohnMcCain and not surprised you're advertising for them. When R in power, you're a DWhen D in power Rhino
No!
How about supporting our elected GOP Pres Trump McCain stop gridlocking  the Senate
McCain now communicates thru liberal CNN MSNBC  These are his forums to attack and gridlock Pres Trump agenda
Who watches @CNNSotu ?
Topic....... Slam Trump ...Why watch????
Term limits please vote him out of office he needs to start working with our president
You hypocrite , talking heads are your fav. Go home old man. Sick is your destiny. Ego
I used to think you were a good man,supported you for president,but you are working against trump and his america first agenda shame on you!
I try to never listen to you and point out to my grandkids what a traitor looks like
He's completely ignorant and needs to go.
Like what how you and Jane Fonda are going on tour as traitors
Not interested in what you have to say.
There are so many new  bots littering this thread.
And we should care why?
U please tune out, it will be easier on you in the long term!
Apply generous portions of lip balm prior to interview to prevent chapping from kissing Tapper's ass for such an extended period of time
You look great! I hope U feel great too. No legacy http://talk.You  still have lots 2 do. I'm sure you'll do it honorably as always.


You have nothing to say that real conservatives want to hear. Retire!
Potus went around you because you tend to go against Repulicans
I tuned in. @SenJohnMcCain, ur not just someone who served their country honorably, ur so much more! so strong and inspiring and honest! 
You are a traitor!!!!
Drain the swamp! Retire rino!
Dems sure love you. Your only republican to try and destroy from within. Staying true to your traitorous nature
I have the utmost respect for you senator McCain!!
Repeal and replace. Keep your promise.
What did you discuss, how to charge me even more of Obamacare? Don't think that we're going to forget.
@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @VP perhaps you should listen to how many of your supporters feel about you working with Democrats! 
You are medically unfit to represent anyone...
You need to discuss your retirement first and foremost, when you voted against repeal and replace you lost many of your supporters. #MAGA
John McCain is no conservative!! he lies to the voters during campaign season and then governs another way altogether! He is finished!
Go have breakfast with Chuck and Nancy.
You should be right at home with the liberal networks
This sums up John McCain perfectly
Probably going to sell your country out even more than what you already have. Your no conservative your a damn liberal! Why don't u say so?
P.O.S.
Thank you Senator McCain.
McCain the Hanoi Songbird the traitor and friend of Islamic terrorists has something to say..
No thanks
Your legacy came down to "One Vote" and you blew it. 
@realDonaldTrump
If you're not announcing your retirement, I don't want to hear from you again.
What about resigning?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for standing up for the American people
You are very disappointing John!  Support OUR POTUS!!
John, take my advice, it's time for you to step aside. Your credibility is shot and no body listens anymore. From here it's looking bad
CNN.  Perfect
Pass
 Who Cares you RINO!
We would appreciate you stepping down due to failing heath and your mental state drastically reduced
Love John McCain! A true American leader and who comprises all that is good about America! Asking for a miracle cure for his health!
why the hatred inside him makes it hard.
Term limits please

You continue to embarrass your constituents. Sad
How can you have brain cancer and still have so much energy to ruin the country?
Please retire.
lets discuss your disloyalty to the AMERICANS who have been PAYING YOUR SALARY & the health care you YOU GET WHILE WE GET SH*T!  resign,
#trump #MAGA #MondayMotivation

The McCain legacy will be that of someone obstructing progress. He will be remembered for hurting ppl of AZ
You are such a RINO.
It be a Cold day in hell if I turned on tv to hear what you had to say your a traitor when your career started and it will end as traitor
Johnny wants to get his last sore loser jabs in very sad!! Feel bad for the guy!! Instead of being with your family you want to stab 45'sbck
Look John, people dislike you and don't trust you. You have cheated and turned your back on the American people for years. Go home retire.
What are you doing to save our healthcare? How will you guarantee safety & citizenship for DACA kids? What about Soc Sec?
Perhaps your public approval would be positively impacted if you focused less on air time, and more on your constituents.
Go Away

Trader! commie news network  is anti american an so are you



Hopefully it's to resign.
Why would I tune into an interview of a fake republican on a fake news station?!?
You are totally irrelevant to what the American people voted for! Step down while you still have a smidgeon of dignity.
Hell NO !!! You Rino
Oh good way to show your true colors..McCain you think they love you but they are laughing at you..You old fool.. retire
Americans despise YOU.
Wake up McCain Stand up with our President Trump
Why don't you start with your treasonous acts against the GOP & American people & announce your change of party to the Democrats? #RINO
Good place for your to go. #FakeHero on #FakeNews
Why don't you go on @seanhannity ? Lot's of hate-mongering going on!
You are a traitor! Don't care what you have to say! RETIRE
you need to retire
