You need to stop trying to dictate to President Trump. You're not the President and we voted for him and you're trying to sabotage him.
To undermine our President on N Korea is tantamount to telling them what they are doing is ok .Retire for the country's good but get well
Yeah. Let the repeatedly-failed businessman determine what the best course of military action is!
Repeatedly failed ? Have no clue who you're referring too. Along with successes come failures but when you persevere you succeed. Trump MAGA
The point is he is just a businessman, and not a very good one. And it is the business of congress to have opinions on such matters.
He's not a good one? He only built a $10 billion company after he complete his college education. What have you accomplished?
He has succeeded in almost nothing outside real estate. And you shouldn't believe "$10 billion" just because Trump says it.
Who knows ! I only know with Chuck , Nancy , Maxine , Al #1 , Al # 2 at the helm we are in good hands . Yeah, right ! Come on man ! Geez
You do realize that comrade #traitor Trump is out of control with his mouth and his tweets. Geopolitical dynamics are not handled this way
I think Kim Jong-un is a bit more reckless and evil than our president. Also, Russia/Trump is a nonsense. Grow up.
Best you can do...pontificate and tell someone to grow up? Says a lot
It's better than regurgitating childish, nearly completely disproven BS! You don't like Trump, fine. Russian didn't get him elected.Grow up.
Thx for the sage advice but I am all grown up. The Electoral College elected POTUS Trump but I was not aware that you know more than anyone
The electoral college represented the people who voted in their areas and worked as it was designed too. Ca and NY don't get to elect only.
I owe $12,000 in student loans and can't find a job b/c I am NOT fluent in Spanish. I trust Trump and I thank God for sending him to us!!
Hope you're able to find a job soon. Sad when you live in the US and can't get a job for not speaking Spanish fluently. I think that's wrong
Sen. John McCain;your Inability, over the past year to stop the growth of illegal immigration & Drugs, reduced the security of the American
You're a cantankerous, old fart that's bitter he'll never be president. I'll read the article, though.
You are inadequate. If the people of Arizona have to pay lives for your inadequate ambitions? Korea can also send a nuclear missile to AZ 
Time to retire. Support our President!!!
I wish you well, sir. I implore you to help stop the madness. No one should serve their free country to watch it fade away in vain.
SHUT UP MC CAIN
U went on about N Korea in the past, now U question Trumps comments! What is it Senator, or dont U really know, tired of U fighting POTUS!
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan Listen"AMERICA"is talking NKorea planning 4 ICBM's mid Aug could be a ploy to see HOW USA uses ships, planes, etc,future
WE may agree on THIS!1st
Guess what Maverick...your not.president.  Senators make domestic laws and ratify treaties& approve war. That is it. You lost move on!
Trump is our President & I want to see support from republican senators & having our agendas passed into bills! #MAGA
you need to retire and go away. You have undermined the president at every opportunity. Arizona is ashamed
We're going to answer their threat! We need to with, "FIRE AND FURRY!" IT IS REAL AND UNSTABLE!
Where is your criticism of G Mattis?
Please stop with the negative interviews against the President we voted for re: North Korea- it's un-
But ur not @POTUS

U tried running and failed

Try supporting @realDonaldTrump

Wot is the scoop on USS #Forrestal?
Wot happened?
very well said MCain
We r not ready because you n your buddies did nothing to strengthen our arm forces.all u guys did was blow up your pockets
Our President better use harsh words towards NK. He's  not a spine lacking, Benedict Arnold like you. You don't deserve to be on R side.
YOU BETTER GET BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT!  Now
Counting on Senate  to keep 45 calm and US out of war!! #NoKoreaWar #ShutTrumpUp #DiplomacyNotBombs
How long have you been in office and did nothing? You put the NK issue on Trump's lap & you only criticize? Go retire!
North Korean missile crisis is a product of the DC Swamp.  That includes you, Senator McCain.
I'm glad our president is not taking crap from anybody like Obama. 
So shot up senator McCain.
I saw this coming from the initial threat so long ago.  WHse put some control on that mouth?  It's "very very bad" but mainly DANGEROUS!
In office ALL THIS TIME & YOU DID NOT ACT TO PREVENT this crisis, HYPOCRITE, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TALK, instead u support CIA arming ISIS
McCain. 
We know you will love to be the president. BUT YOU ARE NOT.
Save your ridiculous opinions. 
Stop criticizing the President Elected.
very true, great president wouldn't mouth off to long time known threatening psychopath because don't have one in office. US lives @ stake!!

Please don't let Trump start WW3
The people voted Trump in, Not McCain. McCain and others don't get that. This is NOT business as usual which has failed over and over.
What did u do the last 8yrs on NK? Nothing! & now ur running your mouth. U guys should call for an emergency Congressional meeting now! #Act
Time for you to trust OUR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump to handle this. Arrogant of you, get behind our @POTUS and agree with him! OR Resign!
What more Navy BS Offshore & then what ? John McCain u gave us 8 yrs of Obama NO LEADERSHIP & APPEASEMENT . Why should WE LISTEN TO YOU ?
You talk of our president using inflammatory words toward North Korea yet in all your time in office you not been effective stopping them.
It's a SAD SHAME you do not support the President. It is clear you have a shallow view of self-worth. We supported you at one. No more tho

If China can turn their lights off, they'd better do it.
One big problem with the Bloomberg article- we don't have the military intel to know where to bomb or cruise missles in NK, and they know it
Sir Please retire.
They easily can make up any money they lose to sanctions.  Most of the "experts" won't even mention that
Your appeasement and lack of unity do us more harm. Why aren't you telling the public the real threat is NK selling nukes to Iran or Isis
NK and the world is counting on US to be divided - and your words don't help. Osama BL saw us as a paper tiger and brought down WTC. But
#45 is unbalanced. A danger to America. What are Republicans doing about this?
McCain - Fake POW! "SONG BIRD!"
Administration has it under control,just take care of yourself!  Retire a hero...don't let millions of American see you as traitor now
McCain you have been complaining about Trump's weak response to Russia, China, NK, etc but now he's too bombastic? Your comments don't help
If Kelly says we Americans can rest at night, I will take his word anytime over anything Obama or his failed administration has ever said
You are committing treason against America and our president. You have chosen your side and chosen to protect North Korea against us.
You are a traitor who is now working for North Korea and I think you should be arrested for Treason against this country.
U r losing credibility! I trust the President way more than I trust you, many of your fellow DemoRats parading as Republicans and DemoRats!
John McCain, I don't think this is a good time to be critical of Pres Trump. He's dealing w/crazy Kim Jung Un, so just zip it for now pls!!!
So you get your intelligence and promote opinion from MSM. Feeble ineffective senator.
If this was dealt with over the last 8 years little Kim wouldn't have nukes. So now you're blaming Trump for having a backbone. SMH.
ITS TIME FOR YOU TO EITHER RETIRE OR SWITCH PARTIES. You have become a subversive adversary to POTUS & THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Listen crusty stop undermining the president
Mr McCain, Who's side are you on? I am so disappointed with your stance. What are you ? GOP OR DEM?
Unbelievable that an 80+ elderly person undergoing brain surgery, chemo has any influence in US decision making
Just shut up this has been going on for years and you have been a senator the whole time the way you think has not helped us John period
Your comments are not needed nor wanted I am cutting fix news off as long as they put your are your daughter on the hell with them we r done
@realDonaldTrump  Believe nothing McCandyCain says. http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/07/18/trump-right-about-hanoi-john-mccain/ …
@FBI @realDonaldTrump @KimDotcom Look at every one of John McCain retweets. Coming from liberal Dems pushing fake Russia story
China should be listened to, rather than John McCain
Really so this is your knee idea after 30 years of failed ideas. We have an idea stop giving ideas. Yours all failed.
The quote is "speak softly and carry a big stick" please remind #45

What don't you take exception to? If Trumps says it you go against it
Stop undermining the president.

https://youtu.be/l_joQ1kxxZs   8.28 to 10.48 Trump warns us about North Korea in 1999...should of took his advice then . not yours now
This is an article by a Liberal once considered for vetting as @HillaryClinton's VP. More proof McCain is more liberal than conservative.
....north Korea tests ICBM McCain calls it threat and aggression. U.S. tests ICBM it's called being prepared.
You need to retire! you care about your ego & Sunday Shows! Tax about someone who runs to the camera! You are petty  jealous & a Traitor
Shut up traitor!
You and your party's lack of outrage and concern for the safety of the american people in the midst of Trump's reign is grotesque. @GOP
You had no concern with the actual damage that that pig Barry actually did? @SenJohnMcCain was part of that he's a traitor & Ur grotesque
Wouldn't it be cool to be the man able to make these calls? Too bad you got rejected by the black/white guy.
Don't you have treatments to tend to???  Your continued obstruction to POTUS is a disgrace to our country.
what have and your cronies other administrations been doing????
You're not ever going to be President so why don't you now shut up Songbird.

Do NOT make statements questioning the President. What is wrong with you?! You're my Senator and it's embarrassing.
Are YOU #Braindead Support your @POTUS show UNITY for America! @GOP @DNC are ALL #Americans Don't embolden enemies !!!
Sen. McCain you take exception with everything POTUS says. You are simply a never Trumper Hack at this point. So sorry I voted for you.
So what do we do ? Like a dangerous intersection wait for someone to get killed before putting a stop light in. Do we wait for NK to nuke us
And NK loaded missles on ship yesterday to hit our ships
McCain doesn't like trump because he won and McCain got spanked. someone tell him to shut his mouth resign and stay home. I'm tired of him.
The key is letting the president of the USA govern! We the people elected Trump not you thank God! Traitor!
#Hey John...
John when you say you don't think Trump is ready to act, what message do you think that sends to NK? WTF are you doing? Think man!
What the hell is wrong with you McCain ? We need to put NK down like a rabid dog. You are an obama supporter and he was and is weak .
@realDonaldTrump please stop talking down to our president United States John if you want to become a Democrat want you do thanot Republican
your pathetic, nothing but a traitor to your American voters please resign
What are you doing to keep our country safe from our own president?
Good for u.  No one will.. 20 yr Az resident.
Your ongoing obstruction due to lack of backbone is the problem. Ran on yes voted no. Resign in shame.
Getting you out of office is the key to republicans making historic progress. U are the roadblock. 1/2
The KEY to NK is the person the PEOPLE ELECTED and put in the WHITE HOUSE! Either stand with him or get out of the way! WE HAVE SPOKEN JOHN!
Our time on this earth is limited.Time is running out.Why can you not do good in this world.Do you have no heart.
Too long have I had my dwelling
among those who hate peace.
 I am for peace,
but when I speak, they are for war!
ps 120.6-7
mercy-peace
@LouDobbs I guess Old Fuddyduddy's "this crazy fat kid that’s running North Korea" line failed to stop Kim's nuclear escalation.
Aaaahhh thank you so much  McCain -  BLESSINGS  -  AND  MAY GOD BLESS  YOU
you have no clue ..we need to show we are strong and not the Obama pussies this country was for 8 years


Maverick means independent and not aligned with group or party. USA needs unity. Not your thing.Time for you to retire.
The key to countering NK shouldn't be something written in an article!
John we are all Guam-ians isns now bro...
Great article!
And to disrespect your party and your country the way you've done you really do need to retire please if you love your country please retire
go with your good friend crying Chuck Schumer and that old bat Dianne Feinstein and sit in the corner and do nothing like always
What if the crazy communists attack Guam?
Hope your enjoying your stay at the Mayo Clinic while the American people suffer due to your vote. I will never forget your thumbs down
Neither will I! McCain's my hero
when u retiring go to some place and give young ones a chance or u waiting to get voted out as it may be on its way
This traitor has no honor deplorable Americans and he holds grudge because he will never be potus he can't believe trump did it he didnt
Trust you ? When you lied about repealing ur buddy obamas health care pyramid scheme ?! Your why we need term limits ASAP
Do you realize your not POTUS? How unamerican to against your commander in chief and you are not president so get over it !#TermLimits
Вы серьезно считаете Северную Корею угрозой? Вы смеётесь? Вы не пробовали поговорить с Кимом? И перестать угрожать ему?
When you stepping down...Health care repeal you ran on.. Fake
President Trump has talented men around him and the ability to listen to them. He is The Commander In Chief.
@SenJohnMcCain I believe you need to focus on ur health and stop fighting our @POTUS. Ur hatred of him is obvious. Strategic patience 
A "must red" from you is meaningless.  Please retire.  #termlimits
I remember you saying that you would train and equip people to overthrow them and mentioning rogue state rollback. Now we have to be careful
Thank you. Great article.
I see this as more of a reason for @potus to send a firm message than a solution to the standoff. #China needs to cooperate.
Good article with smart strategic analysis on the critical nature of US forward power projection through naval superiority.
How about doing your job NeoCon
Silent during the Bush and Obama failures yet he has time to attack Trump. This guy is something else.
Instead of reading the papers get behind @POTUS Support this country or get off the bus it's bout us not you
McCain why don't you let the real men deal with the threats to our country  We all know you run and hide when things get rough

Traitor.
I wish Americans knew the truth about u they would run u out of office and probably America u sold us out in Vietnam and now 2 globalism SAD
Yes, but that brings a different problem set.
а не пробовали просто врезать томагавками, мамой клянусь, успокоятся и станут как шелковые, только границу с россией прикройте
Two insane power hungry ignorant men= disaster. Trump has proven numerous times that he's unfit. 
#ImpeachTrump
You're ignorant
Shut up...you had your chance to be president but you took $$ instead
NO MORE NEOCON WARS #NKorea #NorthKorea  @Partisangirl @AngeloJohnGage @VanessaBeeley @KevorkAlmassian @TulsiPress
Past time for Republicans to start the impeachment process. 
#ImpeachTrump
Impeach him for what? he hasn't broken any laws.
The... now active YAL 1 system ?
