I hope it's the last hike with your family traitor.
This is the POS that took out 134 sailors https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
There's a family missing a daughter today @SenJohnMcCain ! 
DO SOMETHING!
#HeatherHeyer
We miss you Mr McCain
Beautiful spot
Do you have any idea what's going on in #Charlottesville? Pls speak to denounce Nazi terrorist action taking place! We need your voice now!
he has done NOTHING but betray our nation and as a AZ resident we will NEVER allow this POS to sit in that seat again! EVER!
More meghan
https://twitter.com/rickybobby90210/status/896819585873096705 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSNpxvn8TH0 …
HIDDEN Valley Ranch! Fond memories. Hope u enjoy it long!
Stay there, please.
Keep fighting John. We've got your back.
Pahahaha,good one, because No We Don't.
Evil is in your heart.
Awww you look so cute and comfortable! So glad to see you back visiting us in AZ
Glad you are enjoying the break--you have more than earned it!
TU for standing up to bigotry on any level.  I'm a 63 young Creole woman and now have to live thru hate where I know I & family may be killd

Please research Rick Simpson's info re Phoenix tears treatment for glioblastoma. Can be used WITH conventional treatment. Has saved others.
DID hero-@SenJohnMcCain  go up the river??
You are a good man senator John McCain
Like usual, your concern for this country is only hours long. Retire now. Get out of the way of true heroes.
I hope nothing happens they need healthcare. They probably have insurance and don't have to pay 5x premiums with deductible they won't reach
You Arizonans seem to spend alot of time in creeks, it must be warm down there....
I hope your treatment is going well Senator. Please take care of yourself. Thanks again for your important ACA vote. 
Love to visit, but sense we got stabbed in the back by johnny boy, I'll be passing on AZ this year.
You should be working to repeal and replace Obamacare, you ran on it , now get back to work .
McCaun? leader
Hi John, my prays are with u. I want to ask one thing, please impeach trump, he is not good for the world or American, get some rest.
Your missed on the Fox.  Come back ASAP
Was Soros taking the picture?
Thank you so much, sir, u are an inspiration to me as I lay here too weak to move! One day I'll get better& trek rivers again, thanks to u!
So nice!!
Looking good senator!  Keep fighting America is with you
Dozens of photo ops saying U would kill Obamacare! Yet when the chance comes u vote to keep it & then get a round of applause from the Dems
My favorite place!
Retire
How can you son stand to be next to such a traitor?  He's probably happy about it.
Love the t-shirt! 
someone else we know is up a creek without a paddle...
#Arizona has the highest healthcare premiums in the USA, and your out hiking instead helping the folks of AZ and the USA, real nice assholes
Looking good, @SenJohnMcCain. God bless you.
Get better John. We need you to speak for this Country.
Rain here by spring area in Mingus Mountain. Cool sparfeet in creek? Enjoy your time. You work awfully hard for it. Thanks for your service.
Enjoy life Senator, sorry you have to worry about the chaos caused by Triple D ( DEMENTED DELUSIONAL DONALD) @CNN @Ana_Navarroe @AC360
God bless you and your family, thank you for your life of service to us all
Your still standing? Geez when you going to croak old man?
We need you back in DC taking steps to get rid of this disaster of a president. We need leadership from the GOP stat! #impeach45
Thank you for your (historic) vote to defeat the abominable health care bill and, best wishes to you.
Take care Senator .. You are in our hearts  and prayers .. From  ..
Get well, be well, Sir...
Every Republican needs to publicly condemn the white nationalism rally in Virginia.  Racism has no place in the Republican party.
Looks like a great day, enjoy..
Any good fishing around? Toss a line Senator, kick back & relax b4 u return 2 senate. Keep these radicals n line that's destroying the GOP
Arizona will declare August 25th national Robert E Lee dat
So glad to have you be the senator of our beautiful state. #Arizona
Stay well, you!
I know you're with your family but your voice is needed, Sir.  #Charlottesville
The President and leader of your party loves Nazis. What are you doing? Where is your statement? What are you doing?
Please stop making climate change a liberal thing, it should be a world commitment.
Help us forget about you. Stay off social media
Please RETIRE
Please senator McCain be the maverick we know that you are !! Start impeachment now !!!
PEACEFUL
Do you have the tapes @TomArnold  told us about. If so release them TODAY please. He is a White Supremacist...Trump.
Watch out for rattlers.
Clearly you're wishing you were in Dixie today with your lack of acknowledgment of #charlotesville
Thoughts and prayers go out to you & your family. Take care Senator and speedy recovery
Beautiful place Az.  Worked in Tus in the 80's.  Patagonia mountains were my favorite hideaway.
Good stay there for ever Mr. Rino.
#Charlottesville haven't you heard about ?
They've always approved just none of them had the balls to back it up never heard the innuendos Hispanics stealing jobs BLM terrorists
Hey how about Fox going along w/it reporting blk on blk violence drug infested inner cities Maxine Waters put the crack pipe down immigrants
Looks like this must be a wonderful day for you, #Charlotesville be damned.
Meanwhile, in Virginia...
Please respond to domestic terror murder today. We need @GOP leadership united in condemnation. @POTUS gave them blessing to kill.
Looking from here in rainy London, it really looks a very relaxing and beautiful part of the world.
You really should spend ALL your time there.
Hope you truly enjoy the day!  Nazi type white guys and gals attacked VA. Can you say something that will inspire us. This really sucks.
God bless you know McCain, hope you just enjoy the rest of your life and not get bogged down in all this political garbage.
Hopefully talking  retirement
Get well soon Senator McCain.  Best wishes!
Good to see you enjoying nature at the moment...God bless, Sen. McCain & family !
Heartbreaking to me that THIS is what you tweet today.
HEARTBREAKING.
#Charlottesville #LoveTrumpsHate #peace
#ToneDeaf A white nationalist terrorist killed 1 and injured 19 today. What's being done?
pretty background.
Heart warming image. Enjoy 
#resign
Who cares.
isn't that just sweet. #RESIGN for the good of the country!
Good to see you enjoying some leisure time with your family Senator McCain .
WHat a great picture! God bless you and thank you for all your service to the country.
Wish you well, senator.
Get well soon, @SenJohnMcCain!
We love oak creek! Got married out there 12 years ago!
Traitor
LOOK THE TRAITOR AND HIS FAMILY,,,
ONE WORD KARMA
Wish I was with you enjoying nature instead of watching on TV what happened in Charlottesville. Savor your walk!
Wishing you beautiful days with your family, good health, and much appreciation for your life of service.
I want to thank you for your service and we need you more than ever. I am an independent voter that is worried sick about our country now!
Need you back in DC to keep Dr, Stangelove in line.
Hate to bother you Senator, but your country needs your wisdom
#BREAKING: Video of driving through crowd of protesters in #Charlottesville 
I'm glad you are enjoying time in a beautiful place with family. 
Jimmy Carter beat it not sure if the same type but we are with you in spirit
Please point out America fights Nazis!!! #FireBannon
Perfect way to spend a Saturday in beautiful Arizona. All the best to you and your family Sen. McCain.
Thanks for that thumbs down!
Great shirt, Senator!  Glad to see you're focused on the right kind of tweets!
Sedona is such a beautiful place that brings me tranquillity when I visit... Thanks for the picture!  Stay strong...
RETIRE!!!! PLEASE!!!!!
Just RETIRE already.
Looking good!
The events in Virginia are frightening, aren't they? 
How can we stop this?
Beautiful pic
nice hat. lol. that creek looks like a fun place to be. take care, bro. stay safe .. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EdViQm0J74&index=173&list=PLEYBu4-b8H0S0rjhq09t3Sc4UupyoT6Ze …
у Путина фотки круче
Better get back to DC !  More money to steal!  Not quite there yet!  3 more million will get you there!$$$$
Sure glad he retired..not just for August but for all time..such a Dem wannabe...LOSER
..
Thinking of you Mr. McCain!!
Healing prayers sent to you and your family. Hang in there Sir!
Please Mr. Senator and also Meghan, speak out on what is going on in Virginia. Its a national tragedy. We need could use right now.
Get better. Enjoy the (good) kids. But get your ass back and create a miracle ..country needs you.

Take care, we need you ...
Hope you and your family are well!
Comments on the terrorism in Charlottesville please.
#McCainStrong
Where's your condemnation of "Hail Trump" shouting neoNazi rioters and a marauding killer driver in CharlottesvilleVA? C'mon, man-STEP UP!
Stay there.
Sir, hope you are doing well.  Your thoughts on #Charlottesville?
You need to spend what time you have left with your family! Retire!
How beautiful. Any trout in that stream?
Uh, I'm glad you're enjoying your outing.  Meanwhile Nazi's committing deadly terrorist attacks in C'Ville. Carry on senator.
Enjoy Sir.
And black lives matters is wonderful and the Democratic party Embraces those morons
Should we jump for joy?
Time to give up your senate Seay and work on your health, spend time with your family
Keep up the exercise! Praying for your healing and return to D.C...but get strong first! You need to rest up too!
And your views on Charlottesville?
Very nice, looking good!
I got to camp in the Canyon once when I was a child.  Park Service was not amused.  Good times.
Ummmm....do you know what is happening in Virginia?
Beautiful..... just beautiful
Go away already
John I like your t shirt  . Thank you Megan and Jimmy.
God bless you.
So nice to see you out and about!
