We're also praying the 15 Marines injured at Camp Pendleton & 8 soldiers injured at Fort Bragg make a full recovery https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=33A2222F-0843-4B60-BCEA-2B9B671CC29B …
I wanna know why this person is so inquisitive about my medical history after my wife begs STOP!  (772)925-4182 What health professional???
The media,Joy,MHP& other media & healthcare official are gonna wanna know,why are the abuser moonlighting with disabled X Tampa VA spouse.
 Now do the huddle I don't write Steve Harvey......

Sean Devoy dies in fall from helicopter during medical evacuation hoist training fulfilling #prediction #Prayers http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/09/sep1217-pertaining-to-mourning-or.html … 
Please don't CAVE on proper procedures to establish GREAT HC for EVERONE!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for doing the right, compassionate thing when compassion seems to be very scarce.
You !? Really? Your behavior suggest that you don't know God,nor does he know you!
respond McCain when something is asked to you!! Don't ignore veterans you mean man!!
Senator McCain please run for president ; you are the only thing standing between the endangerment of millions of people ; salute sir
This is your strength dear Senator 
Under all circumstances  with a heart for others 
Wish you all the best
Prayers for the families
J.McCain has no soul. Die go home to Hell u gigolo son of a poor man Straitor,lv Hospital at her dime&ask2repeal healthcare4poor folk like u
You&Cindy can rot in hell u traitor caught&released like a worthless bass,cuz u gave up&have gv up hope besides info2enemy Trump's right
Me too John McCain! So sad!
God Bless all that need it regardless of anything in their lives if they are a terrorist let them self destruct
Agreed! No more Military lives lost bc of lack of training or needed equipment! Pass the bill y get troops what they need! No more lost!
rather be dead than struggling on social security disability for ptsd/anxiety & no VA benefits due to my OTH/coverup of my MST. #22veterans
Hope you are doing well
Don't hold your breath waiting for POTUS to say anything
...who cares
wtf have you done for our vets
You are a good man, Senator. Wishing you a pain free and speedy recovery.

Why don't you send condolences to families of POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam? You know it happened - Nixon & Kissinger did it
I had respect for u,voted4u but u shame me,ur wife's $ saves u yet u will deny healthcare to the poorest of us I'm glad u didn't win potus
RIP! 
How could ya leave the hospital for care involved with a brain tumor to speak of taking away health care when if not4ur rich wife I'd b dead
You're brain damaged like me& fought like me,but u hv a braintumor treated by ur sugar-mama's $ to HV gall to get rid of healthcare4poor
I NEVER would have expected to say this to you, a war "hero" whom probably survived by an act of betrayal, but still... You're a hypocrite
Trump can't hear you trump over here trump Yoo-hoo
@jaketapper sad to hear and sad to hear how often this has happened...I Hope and Pray Changes can be instituted that would
make a difference to prevent these losses from occurring ...Perhaps change in how Defense Budget gets allocated
to allow for greater and more thorough maintenance and State of The Art Equipment and Training Praying for Comfor
and Peace to Families and Friends of Those Lives that were Lost
Prayers for the family of Staff Sgt. Sean Devoy killed during helicopter training at Fort Hood TX. #RIPSgtDevoy
You are a good soul Senator McCain.
Lot of soldiers dying in accidents lately. Why?
Wishing peace for his family
Anxiously awaiting condolences from @realDonaldTrump
We disagree on many issues, but you are a class act. Best wishes in your own battle.

Watch as President #Trump reacts to #SusanRice #Unmasking Confession. Pair of Silver Cuffs? 

#FriedRice 
…
Good to see you back. Keep plugging away.
In my prayers!
Why do you fight to hide Records of POWs
Why don't we support our groups with funding for better equipment
Not talking prayers anymore...no one believes a traitor liar prays
So sad
You are much more Presidential than 45 Only wish you would stand up to 45 before he kills us all or let's Putin run America
Kills us all?
is this right and fair
my dad was 17 yrs total perm disabled loss of use of both arms dept labor says he did not need help in ADLs to avoid paying
Good old boy, how do you square that with your daughter???
my father WWII VET died of injuries in the line of duty my mom fights dept  labor 14 yrs now benefits they owe is this right?
Folks tend to not realize that training can be as dangerous as combat.
We can always count on John for doing the Presidential Jobs that Trump deems not as important than his hatred of HRC,BHO,N.K, Mex...
May SSgt Devoy rest in peace.
BUT 
DO
PPL
BELIEVE
U???????
, still today, while "inspecting" #IRMA damage the #PTUS found time to take another cheap shot at you; while not a word on this tragedy.
Another fuck up eh
Thank you, sir, for doing what #wannabePOTUS @realDonaldTrump should be doing and what every POTUS in the history of the  would have done.
RIP
Dear John,
Please reconsider your support for pres. (small P) trump and his Health Care policy. 
Rise above it.
Thanks for your service.
AMEN!
Prayers to Sgt Devoys family and we need to find out why so many of our military are being killed not in combat
The only disgusting individual here is you.
:-(
