Trump does not understand Putin threat; will be duped. Trump a major threat to national security. Insist no closed door meeting this time.
As an intelligent congressman,  tell me how much longer do Americans have to wait before you guys remove the insane president?
Stalled, right?  Traitors all over WH, Senate, House. It's terrible we are watching America go down.
Sen. McCain you have to put sanctions on Russia, Trump and Tillerson behind close doors to make oil drilling deals. This is why he was hired
Sen. McCain you and the Republican base has to remove Trump from office.The tea party is circling the wagons to protect Trump.End result bad
The House GOP leadership is either compromised or simply horrible, horrible people.
Paul Ryan took Putin's money just like Trump.
The Merchants of Death mouthpieces push nuclear war again.
So Trump could lift sanctions at his new thanks to the House.  So the House doesn't protect U.S. from Russia's interference.  Good to know!
#SupportSanctions @SpeakerRyan should be ousted if he is in dereliction of duty to protect our nation. Sickening! #TrumpRussia
Senator McCain I used to live in Gilbert Az.  I voted for you. We need you to be strong as we know you are and stand up against Trump.
Come 2018 The Republican Party will not be the Republican Party that we remember.  Trump has no respect for the American people.Please help!
how about removing that mutant from the White House?
From my understanding bill still includes Iran sanctions which I believe do harm to progress made w/Iran, need change that, otherwise agree
When are you and others in Congress going to remove this sick man from office when  someone like a reporter gets killed
You way of tying presidents hands.  Retire please
Senator McCain. I'm so sad that you seem to turning away from American people in favor of TRUMPCARE. We do NOT WANT TRUMPCARE. PLEASE LISTEN
TRUMP LOOKIN4GIFTS TO GIVE PUTIN!@SenJohnMcCain R U OK WITH THIS?
Hope you're watching DT closely when he meets with Putin. Why isn't House passing bill??
the question is Will TRUMP sign it or veto the Bill America First not 2nd @PoliticalDiscor @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @nytimes
What will you do if Trump vetoes it?
Trump must veto! Russia is our friend
Your party's dear leader is in a death spiral. Protect America and get him out of there! It's the patriotic thing to do. 
Please we see you GOP
You should be working to impeach Trump for being a criminal and basically hooten's lap dog. He does not respect the office of presidency
Senate needs to speak to the House members instead of letting WH influence and weaken RU sanctions. We aren't any safer w/weak sanctions
I'm sick of Hearing about Russia being a threat!You are the threat!Your biggest donor being Saudi Arabia of course!We need to investigate u!
More than perplexing down right suspicious that Trump refuses to confront & sanction Russia!  He's an albatross on necks of GOP!
Who whant Nuclear war witch Russia?
Hey McCain. Im Russian whant ask you. You whant Nuclear war witch Russia? You not scar men?
Why are you not replying to disgusting tweets from Trump?  I cannot believe this after what he said about you. Please do!!

With @SpeakerRyan? I highly doubt it will see the light of the floor.
Senitor Mac I had the pleasure of meeting your Dad on the flightline on Hickam, the day he got word of you being shot down.  My respect.
I don't like wars, but just a thought... Why do we not make self driving vehicles for war? Kinda like suicide bombers.
In risky areas, send in the vehicles instead of our soldiers. Just thinking of how we can save military lives. 
Now if  will sign...
Can you be a lone voice of sense in your party? Im really.. this is a Joke but very unfunny one ..Please help
#profilesincourage #Collusion
As a proud democrat, keep fighting John! America needs you
Thank you...country over party!
Meanwhile you have a President who can't wait to meet the person who hacked our election. Quickly is not going to happen. You guys know.
No sanctions anymore till Hillary is charged with treason
Please save our Democracy! Help us Impeach Trump! He is crazy and you know it.
RUSSIA! RUSSIA! RUSSIA! Benghazi .. #Retire
Hillary/Obama were used by Russia for Uranium One deal. Obama thought Russia would help Hillary win but they hated her all along.
How can POTUS attempt to have a good relationship with a sanctioned country?
Why aren't other countries sanctioning the US for Obama trying to influence elections in Israel/other countries?
Misguided Real threat comes from our own intelligence agencies
Put the focus where we need it, let's all ignore the tweeter in chief
Does DT have clue yet or no. He's just in Putin's pocket
Why more sanctions? You haven't made your case to the American people.
@SpeakerRyan will not bring to a vote, next question why? Who is he beholden to? So many rumors about dark donations @funder #resist @POTUS
Mr All-Talk-And-No-Action McCain again.

You sold your soul for your wife's job.
Hope Trump veto this , all you want is war Russia are good people
Tell me why you are so obsessed about this , Obama did it to Israel an there was crickets from you , an who cares
I'm guessing only if it has a back door for Drupmf to subvert them
No way...Puton is a nationalist and patriot and deserves our support
Paul Rand vote no? He always try's to block any measures against Putin. He should be looked at.
POTUS is mtg w/Putin next wk? Really, so now it's ok to meet w/leaders who attack our freedoms? Republican Senators HELP!
Henry Kissinger is in Russia today meeting with Putin. Ahead of the G20 next week. Hmmmmm
We have a bully and liar manchild not a president
Trump and his house of Russians will stop it
HA!!! Don't hold your breath...
We'll see who is siding with Trump on this one (Ryan), and who sides with the American people.
You should be in jail for high treason McCain
MCCain, as always, is a bag of hot air. Y voice any dissent? You always vote with your party over the country.
Senator McCain tomorrow is not guaranteed you have nothing to lose do the right thing for America.
Senator, any Representative or Senator who votes against strong sanctions against Russia should be noted and pay dearly at the ballot box.
HEALTHCARE JOHN!!! VOTE 'NO' ON AWFUL "HEALTHCARE" BILL!!!
mesa resident here, not that you'd care...
cc: @azcentral
I feel like everything you do in relation to Russia is for show. You're just trying to minimize damage and sweep it under the rug.
No comment on @potus and his disgusting habit of bullying? Are you troubled? I bet you're so troubled. Not enough to do anything, but still.
Are you going to make a statement about Trump's latest twitter tirade? Are you going to say something?  
Women in AZ want to know.
We all must criticize Joe and Mika too. Disrespect for the office of President...
I believe that Trump has shown more disrespect for the office than anyone on television.
Yes, this is absolutely needed.  Don't let the GOP be the Party of Putin !!!
Just in time to make "deliverables" to Putin... pfft
Good luck with house passing it, there r a lot of donald trump suckers in the house
This will give @realDonaldTrump and Vlad something to discuss at G20, or by Twitter DM.
Why wouldn't They Unless Their Involved #trumprussia
Hope? Not Trust?
Fucking calm down
We've still not seen any proof. Why won't #DCCC & #DNC, Podesta, Clinton turn over their servers?
You already passed sanctions didn't you. Or is this the modified version asked for by @POTUS?
And we need it ONLY because no one trusts this looney guy in the White House.
Dear Sen. McCain, I implore you to start the resignation of Trump. He is completely incompetent and has made us a joke around the world

The house is weakening the bill and the President as already looking for concessions to give them when they visit.  Concessions!
If Trump fails to sign it he is a definite toast!
Will you not support your female colleagues and ask tRump to apologize for his comments to Mika? Tweet him. 5 seconds John.
Please let the sanctions be a series of Putin dick punches... and not what DJT wants to give (Putin hand jobs).
Of course you do Johnny Warmonger.  Sure would like to see disclosure of your foundation donors. Transparency
Putin /Trump will veto it.  Putin owns Trump. Owns USA 
I guess if they don't, we know what the official GOP line on Russian interference in elections is: it's ok if it helps us win!
The old fool got duped by Putin is a shady back of a yacht deal. He's wanted war ever since, because he got played by Putin. @TheRickWilson
do it! do your job sir! 
#CountryOverParty
So you do  BELIEVE pigs can fly.  POTUS will never let them pass tough sanctions
House just left for vacation and Trump's about to meet with Putin so.....
Please work on healthcare - @SenateGOP has had 8 years! Stop single payor! @SenateMajLdr
They won't.
Would've also been helpful if you hadn't confirmed the Exxon guy who was nominated to get the oil.
Until trump tells you to bow and then you will back right out of it convictions and morals.
Trump will veto it. His loyalties are not in question. He will do what his lord and master Putin tells him to do.
I hope so. America is watching. Putin needs to be put in his place.
Trump and Russia are preparing for elections
#StayWoke Kris Kobach planning 2 nationalize #votersuppression efforts w/Trump's commission https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/13/magazine/the-man-behind-trumps-voter-fraud-obsession.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=photo-spot-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0 … 
