We need a strategy. Your whining is not a strategy. What's your plan?
After so many years of uselessness and a run at presidency it seems you would have thought of a strategy. For once quick talking and act
Manchester is a reminder of the never-ending blowback from decades of interventionist foreign policy.
We must acknowledge that #Al_Qaeda and #ISIS work with #Assad and #Iran. #Trump doesn't know this, does he?
i just saw this. McCain calls Assad the father of ISIS. http://www.nbcnews.com/watch/nbc-news/mccain-syrias-assad-is-father-of-isis-448776771561 …
h/t #IFFConsulting
Agree..what about him? Father of Assad?
Ban Saudi Arabia from funding or training staff in any overseas mosques. Force them to accept our Extremists, and to allow church building
No kidding what do u think trump is trying to do? However people like u obstruct him at every turn.
I guess this n means that you will get on board the Trump train right? And stop stalling progress, right?
Like #Libya was on fire
Those are not the terrorist groups that attacked the US embassy.
Media fake news, politicians, Soros, idiots like McCain, school, colleges professors r all the blame with liberal progressive agendas.....
How long have you been a senator?!  How long have we been at war w/radical Islam?!  You need to retire!
Another one using tragedy to push NWO agenda, nasty people.
Well, Trump said he had a plan to defeat ISIS but would never share it. Was supposed to do that in his first 30 days, so...
Thanks to the democrats he has been slowed but not stopped!
Yeah, it's the big bad democrats fault. And now that he doesn't have a plan for ISIS,  why it's not been revealed.
It's not revealed because he does not want them to know! That's smart! Dumicrates tell them where not to be!
I believe our President of the United States Donald J Trump handed you that , it's called a Travel Ban and a Wall @realDonaldTrump .
Help secure the border, dummy, instead of running your mouth in foreign lands.
you helped to create that fire Mr. McCain...shame on you.
Please just do the world a favor and retire. You are a problem not a solution!
And President Trump has a plan
1, Get your own country in order. 2, Stop exporting your munitions 3, End the FED 4, Corporate tax 2 B paid in full 5, STOP GMO production !
Great start
Tnx, I know there's quite a large list of issues with the US gov, but limited characters dictate. 
SO WHAT IS YOUR STRATEGY 2 DEFEAT TERRORISM, MR. MCCAIN? 
Should we commit suicide & import more Muslims into this country?
The mullahs' regime in #Iran the godfather International terrorism and world 
Because:
  Is the source
Perhaps Russia is to blame!
Not your strategy - you aren't president and never will be
I get your tired Sen. you gave it your all. Now get behind the people and Trump to fix the mess, you've helped to create. Now is your chance
And yet, you continue to stand in the way of our Commander in Chief.
No shit. No wonder u get the big bucks. We couldn't figure that one out
Has anybody noticed Trumps trip overseas? Talking to Muslim countries about ISIS? I think he has a strategy!
Then perhaps you should work with POTUS instead of degrading him.  What makes you think you would do better? U used to be my hero!
الف تحية وسلام إلى جون مكين
Step 1: Replace @SenJohnMcCain at the earliest available opportunity.
He's reading a prepared speech, who knows who wrote it. He lacks passion and is a closet democrat.
religion as evil and banning them from our country
start with stop killing civilians in drone attacks around the world 90% of those killed have be women children and others killing wont stop
Fundimental change will take much time and effort.
@LindseyGrahamSC #nophotops# where were you during the Obama administration now trying to get photo ops sad
Where were you during the Obama administration said nothing
Then back the God Damn Prez McCain, instead of being an obstructionist to everything Trump. You act like you are Butt Hurt bc DT is POTUS.
So we've had no strategy since 9-11? You politicians need to pull your heads out of your butts and work for us for a change not yourselves.
Appreciate your kind remarks here, but have lost all respect for you as you've turned against the people due to your personal feelings...
Than jump on the Mr. President trains.  Help get the EO on extreme vetting out of the courts.
potus is handling support him stop fighting at every turn you r loved and respected don't let what he said change u
This statement is what we should have heard from @realDonaldTrump
Where you been knucklehead
Well then give up your "Russian" fantasy and do something worthwhile for once!!!
Typical Senate sound bites. We "need" instead of "here" is the solution. You've been inside the beltway forever. Put ur big boy pants on.
You have utterly lost it. Went from National Treasure to National embarrassment.
Trump isn't the right strategy to defeat worldwide threats because HE is a threat to global security. Yet GOP continues support of him
We have a strategy. Your Dem buddies shot it down.
Right we do.  So help the president to get the job done. Unite as a party and save America.
You have been in Government for what 60 years do you have a plan yet? Maybe you can aid your President and provide ideas? Outside box for u?
This man is nothing but a fraud
Tell the press it's Trump's fault!
A traitor speakes
How about his strategy:  McCain stops supporting ISIS and running all over the eastern european countries and starts working on tax cuts
Is abt time that the world united against this lossers. What happens in Manchester can happen in our soil GOD help the world
You should be president
You still there? Retire already, Democrat in Republican's clothing.
Remember, this was a home-grown threat, like Dylan Roof, Timothy McVeigh and the rest of the stray dog losers.  Walls don't stop them.
Try supporting POTUS.
Watch POTUS, he has one.
Get a replacement for McCain
Isn't that too vague a statement? And do you view terror as primarily a police or a military matter, with regard to strategy? #waronterror
Please go awaw Mr Mccain
Captain obvious. 
Dummy
You are part of the problem in this fight against terrorism. Support the President on this front or resign.
Your pitiful ass has been in congress forever have you ever proposed any ideas to stop it? Nope you old senile man!
Then get with the program and stop being a PITA to Trump.
Start by Draining the swamp of the SongBird Traitor McCain....
Nice sound bite - what is your solution.  Go on CNN and bash Trump?
Is the world only on fire when we in the west actually feel that fire?
Hey, I have a thought....why don't you work with our President and share your expertise? You people in DC make me sick!! Always fighting!!!
Say it to 9th circuit judges! Your words are useless! What exactly u do in the Senate but play on Dem side? Stand with @realDonaldTrump ban
Stop bashing our President! The REP PARTY will be done if anything happens to him!
Dear John, the only thing worse than a career politician is a child molester
You hv been there 30 years......
It starts with you supporting our President
And umm how long have you been a lawmaker? Sucking the American taxpayer Teet dry!  Doing nothing!
Yeah that strategy is backing up the president and fighting for us! The people who can not afford to fall into the clutches of the Dems/Libs
Duh, ya think?
Good to learn that you can still think past Trumps victory.
What the Hell?  YOU have been a senator for 122 years. You are just going to do something now?
Then quit bashing ur president and get on board as a party and act instead of talk bs.
Little surprise, that he could actually comment on something other than bad-mouthing drum
You should have said that during Obama's terms, Trump is the best hope to defeat these barbarians.U should retire, U traitor
Try backing the President
This attack is the question for those art cartels who do not like £s go to the pockets of US art organization. Period
How bout a strategy to address USAs threats? Step 1) build wall 2) deport illegals and refugees 3) relax.
Work with Trump, that's why he was elected
Would you mind telling the Democrats that they need to stop pressing on the country so damn hard when DJT tries to do anything? TYVM
I read where some of the guys that were in the holding camp with thought you were the traitor?
#SongBird
We have one but you @SenJohnMcCain keep stabbing @POTUS in the back. your words mean nothing. Just go swim in your George Soros money
So stand with @POTUS and help fight ISIS and the liberals that want to allow ISIS to have a safe haven in the US.
I will hold u and all those like u responsible for this next attack in r GREAT COUNTRY, and so will the rest of
Your comments actually made me weep, do u really believe what u said or r u just trying to have another 9-11. I will hokd
Senator this could be r daughters don't u want the best for Megan? Cld have been her in NYC last week, this ALL MUST 
Haven't you been in Congress since at least 1993?  24 years? That's not long enough to come up with a solution? #draintheswamp
Truly can u now?? Take a good look and then look at the youngest beautiful little girl who lost her life to these cowards
Come on Senator... You can say it.
30 yrs of corruption n prob more within r gov, plze take a look in the mirror n ask urself CAN I REALLY LIVE WITH MYSELF
Perhaps continuing to kick the President in the dick will help Johnny. Seems to be your strategy for just about everything.
@MeghanMcCain all the time you have been their, what have you suggested, if anything? Please join the Democrats, loser
If this nonsense doesn't stop, we all r going to feel the pain, if we don't get bk to job at hand, also you're seen 30
I thought @POTUS said it well in his speech.
I remember the days of hell u lived no I cannot even imagine your horror BUT MR SEN WE R GOING TO BE ABLE TO SOON IF THIS
John start by by backing our President and administration!
Maybe arming Jihadist groups isn't one of them
Retire, and let AZ vote in another Rep., I've always looked up to u, but very disappointed as of late. I'm 57 yrs old
It starts by standing behind your elected President old man
And the rest of u get back to ur jobs, stop doing interviews n acting like u r on the wrong side, if u r then plze retire
You've been in DC 25+ Yrs and 25 yrs later the SAME countries are the SAME problem. Iran, NK, Russia. Safe to say you are INCOMPETENT @GOP
They're 2 busy in Washington,  making side deals,  to enrich their own lives! Screw the American citizens that elected them to work for us!!
But "Mr Armed Services Committee" RA RA. Military was weakest in 30yrs.He always criticizes but has NO SOLUTIONS..EVER. Shoots his mouth off
Well Mr McCain then we have a Great Pres ART NOW, plze STOP this craziness in the gov n let him run the country!
Senator you keep saying,"My friends." Who are your friends besides Lindsey groupie Graham? You are not serving your country by backstabbing!
Our Pres. Trump had a strategy, why do you not support it. Do you know more then his generals? A true patriot would support our President!
Pres. Trump has a strategy and is dedicated to it, unlike our past Pres.
What is your proposed strategy? Complain?
What happened to Trumps "defeating ISIS in 30 days?"
I am glad we agree on something! Get on board the Trump train!
You bloviate all day and night and you do nothing to help your President accomplish anything positive for America.  Why don't you retire
Talk is cheap John and you seem to do alot of cheap talk!
Hey folks in AZ, u should put this lib back in office again! He's really smart!
The mullahs’ regime of #Iran is epicenter of Islamic fundamentalism and #terrorism, Donly solution is supporting Iran ian ppl 2regime change
How about strategy of minding our own GD business 4 once? US started the Middle East anger & attacks with 43 rushing into Iraq & U know it
You are the biggest shameless FRAUD ever to call himself a republican!!!
And he looks like the crypt keeper!
What we need is a Senator from Az that that stops shooting off his mouth & gets something done. How many yrs have you been up there McCain?
Been living off tax payers welfare over 25 yrs! #TermLimits
Terrorists also hit UK because Trump taunts WAY too much, he shld SHUT UP. Hit UK due to election coming. Mostly a good opportunity.
This was an American hit  on an American singer, not just UK. They hit UK due to big crowd, unarmed "kids" - easy marks.
Not interested in your plan, John. What does President Trump have to say about it? Support our Prez.
Yes, spend more time making America safe, not this ridiculous witchhunt you have on President Trump!  #MAGA
Where were u last Administration??
THIS ALL YOU GOT? WE NEED A STRATEGY. PULL YOUR SHORT NECK OUT OF THE SAND AND RETIRE. PLEASE. YOU ARE DOING JUST WHAT THE RUSSIANS WANT.
well then shut up and let the people that understand do their job.
Can't defeat it. Can REPLACE it: With hope, true spirit, and humanity. Trump doesn't know what those qualities are.
Why don't you support President Trump who is working hard to protect America and defeat Islamic terrorists.
You have been asking for a strategy since 9/11. What a big failure you all are in Congress
Come on! You know Assad is behind ISIS. US attacked regime last week. He threatened retaliation if regime was ever struck. He kept his word.
You can start by supporting our POTUS. Stop your mindless traitorous unfounded criticisms. Give POTUS a chance.
No, you should have offered strategy 15 years ago but refuse to! You are incompetent sir.
We must accept collateral damage as part of the war on ISIS. Its unfortunate.
First thing is to get rid of our TRAITOR President and his administration, so we can proceed as AMERICANS. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
And we need people that act.  Unlike you John  McCain ! A political hack 
who spends his days talking to MSM and bashing the President. RINO
We live in a very dangerous world!! So sad!! We need to do something!!
Don't worry McGrumpy, Trump promised a plan for "soundly and quickly defeating ISIS". I'm sure he must have one, he wouldn't lie. Right?
McCain you have not been helping. You have become part of the problem.What a disappointing man you are now.
I thought 45 was going to have that all wrapped up in his first 30 days?!  I guess it's harder than he thought like healthcare and taxes
... turn to more "normal" peace work like putting pressure on Assad, NK, Afghanistan, Iran's alleged terrorist sponsoring and more. OK? 
Dear Mr McCain: Then just do it!. It's THAT easy: Every country hates ISIS and Boko Haram. Joined forces = They are no more. THEN we...
And you think selling BILLIONS of dollars of arms to the people who attacked us on 911 is a good way to do that?
Start by supporting our President, senator McCain
Maybe deal w our own house that's on fire so that we can be more effective on the world stage.
The strategy was already laid out, but NO ONE wants peace - surely the munitions makers don't.There is no money to be made in peace.
