You rock, Senator. Clear the White House of Russian influence and make us all rest better.
We know Trump has no connection to Trump! Clintons do. Globalists hate Putin who is not globalist
NEVER MIND "TALK" SHUT UP PUSH TO REBUILD OUR OWN MILITARY , RUSSIANS CARE NOT OF TALK  !
Imperative for America to learn how Putin influenced the election and Trump. Stand firm.
Is that wink a secret songbird code?
not having an independent investigation into Russia's involvement in our election will taint the trustworthiness of our GOP
Keep up your fight John.  You have people from both parties on your side!
#Trump  LOCK HIM  UP!
Mccain's just pretending to care.  I'll bet russian money is lining his pockets too.
poor snowflakes
you need to retire! You are obsessed with putin! I'm getting a freaky feeling u want to be him!
Thank you Sir for putting country over party! You will always be a hero!
John McCain is a globalist. Puppet for gobalist elites. Putin is not globalist & it's a problem?
you don't have big enough balls to take on Putin let alone this corrupt administration.
Hiw does this help your constituency?
independent investigation is a must at this time; no matter how much pressure Donald Trump puts on you Senator McCain!!!!!
defend us against trump Russia ties #NunesMustResign
if only he was willing to look as closely at our traitor POTUS
The clown should be looking for a red nose . He's a joke.
You gonna do anything about Putins Puppet Trump? John Wayne McCain ur not...
McCain's constant assault of Trump is disgusting.He has lost all respect and ruined his legacy. You've overstayed your term
You're the only Republican lawmaker I trust. Please don't let the Trump/Russia investigation fail
we bought the @GOP. Your party calls you a Socialist. Stare all you want.
I think John you need to go to Russia personally and lead the revolt.  You don't have to worry about water boarding now!
I'm sure he's shaking in his boots.
McCain you need to resign you are a traitor to the republican party
PLEASE veto HB 610 for the  future of our children and our country!!
Mr Magoo! The Cold War is over. Get over it. Ask Dems they love Russians and sell the Uranium
Why are there pictures of you with "MODERATE" al nursa terrorists? We know your involved with destabilizing syria by supporting terrorism.
: sees "Russians everywhere"... sshhh @RicPatterson @BostonGlobe
уважаемый McCain напрасно недооценили мои предостережения
you need to look at an old folks home. Causing probl
Why don't you tell that to the media, reveal their sources, see how how that goes.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog!
Senator, you kniw everything in Dossier is true. You must lead impeachment before NATO falls.
You are pathetic! U go against your own party for headline's! Nunes should not reveal his SOURCES
Yet still no impeachment proceedings? Are you sure the @gop is paying attention?
McCain is the guy on the championship team that won despite him. He is the problem w GOP.
just become a democrat, you know you're itching to.
go back to Hanoi John. Its your roots

Put UR 2 cents in MCAIN! Indep counsel or u all are traitors and U don't give a  about AMERICA!
Treasonous Seditious John McCain. Talking shit about our president abroad since day 1!
Thank you, Sen McCain for putting America before party. We need MORE leaders like you
can u call 4 an ind invest now? What is wrong with ur party??
don't forget Bannon
@GrahamBlog Need u 2 get Nunes off of Intel Com&get Indep Sp Prosec 2 look in2 Trump Camp links.This is what AP want.
I wish McCain was as aggressive and vocal against Clinton and Obama.
The restroom is down the hall and to the left.
he hasn't realised the cold war was over..old age i guess..
TRUMP right about the "fat kid online from his college dorm". Unfortunately he's operating HFT.
"Supply and demand" no longer matter? HFTs control everything "we the people" buy! WHY?
McCain is the tool of the democrat media.
Why have you let Hillary off the hook? She is the one with Russian Ties! Take a look at her brother!
omg he is a 
Yes, and you are a trouble maker! Step Down, Retire!

