Really we are buying this BS??? This is all a distraction, no benefit . Putin and Trump clearly planned this.  #RUSSIA #CORRUPTION #IMPEACH
The distraction story is so convoluted...makes it easy to ignore. War crimes are war crimes.
Mccain acting like Obama didn't try 2 handle Assad. What happened when BHO went 2 congress to get permission to bomb them?! You ignored him.
McCain lost his principles a way back. Now he just wants us to drop tons of high explosive freedom all over the globe
The ones who act so righteous then vote for bills with horrendous consequences (ie.Trumpcare) are particularly aggravating to me. 
Yep when they actually stymie Trump then I'll pay attention. Otherwise they're part of the problem
I would rather pull out my fingernails. McCain is a disgrace 
#wercoming4u
McCain has been on the right side of important issues including the investigations. We need that kind of leadership focused on our country.
Polls down on Donald Trump and he bomb Syria.
Aloha, this all reminds me of W. and WMD in Iraq. Healing
I love John McCain but to reference Trump's poll numbers and that they will now go up...SPEAKS VOLUMES
I think you and I agree on everything...we just say it in a different way...:-)
Same questions over & over for 3 hrs because pentagon released video that gives @Morning_Joe a hardon. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
@skip_west  It only took 2 months to begin another War.  Going to give tax cuts to 1% rerun 2008 DOW bottom drops out Trump makes millions
More empty words about "sad day for " bc dems tried to break constitutional tradition. But a year of doing it to #obama wasn't a prob?
Do they think we're deaf? Reps said they would do anything to block any @HillaryClinton @Scotus nominee.  #Hypocrisy or Mental Delusions?
About the babies killed here by guns at sandy hook?! U can't talk about babies being gassed but be all pro 2nd A! This is all a distraction
Good point !!
Blah, blah, horse shit Hypocrisy abt "strong president", abt needing congress approval b4 attacks. @BarackObama gave him both- he walked
McCain said Obama "drew a red line" but didn't do anything...why didn't ANYONE ASK HIM what Congress DID when he asked to approve a strike?
Important piece of informations. You're right!
Did you ask him what his position was when Obama went to Congress regarding Syria? Oh, thought not.
You don't commit  an immoral and unethical act with someone, then complain about their actions. DON'T SUPPORT THEM!
Seriously how can U all say this was a measured response and the babies the babies? He banned those babies from coming here?! And what
Another good point!
trump did not grow heart, it shrunk. Planned everything with puttin SAD Russia warned. Base used later to bomb
I refuse to watch Sen McCain he just threw away our democracy.He had yet another chance to make a difference & just caved.
@SenJohnMcCain has been getting away w/saying one thing & doing opposite but this forever cemented his feet in quicksand of the swamp.
Ask him how proud he is for going nuclear,  was it better than changing Gorsach out for more mainstream selection
If Trump really cared about the children in Syria he wouldn't have banned them. Allowing the refugees in would help!! #Russia #ImpeachTrump
sick of hearing Joe say US didn't have their backs #middleeastpoliticsnotsimple
That's a lie. My sons bf is in Army. His troop went over to train soldiers to defeat isis. However, he said they aren't learning very well.
This must be a joke. Did this pass Congress?
Did you ask him why he voted with 'the idiots' yesterday to undermine our democracy? Oh, thought not.
@SenJohnMcCain selling #Trump & glossing over #TrumpRussiaCoverUp, bashing @POTUS44.  could have done this years ago w/ @POTUS44 tried
John McCain...the man who gave us Sarah Palin, who single-handedly unleashed the acceptance of open hate speech
He's the Bernie Sanders of the Right: all talk and no action, only knows how to pander and when. In the ends it's all false promises given
So no irrational person should have nuclear weapons? What about @realdonaldtrump? You called him INSANE! He made $$ off of the strike, too.
you know Trump incited this in order to distract from Russian, right? He gave Assad Permission. Tillerson was silent.
He is deplorable. Retire, get off  welfare & #retire. Bullshit answer bc he didn't support @POTUS44 plan to attack.
No body is turned in
John McCain blowing hot air again. Remember he is Republican first
Covering our traitor in chief's Russia hacking not getting you enough ratings?  Focus! Strikes are a diversion.
McCain applauded Trump's action yet he doesn't know how or if this fits into a larger plan- reaction not proactive response
"Our military is in terrible shape"....huh.
Anyway you look at it Trump just does what he wants and continues to dilute protocol. Taxes non-divestiture nepotism treason CHAOS!
"Crazy fat kid" @SenJohnMcCain is sassy this morning.
No respect for this man anymore. Didn't allow Obama but praising Trump for doing same without consent
Guess what Morning Joe CNN stole your thunder Rubio already was on their network so now say questions same answer for you you got burned
Can't believe you are reporting this 
@Morning_Joe Something needs to be done with Syria but why not go to the UN and put Russia on the hot seat before taking unilateral action!
if Republicans apologize for what they did last year and give Garland the respect he deserve other position &a discussion take place
45 doesn't care about Syrian babies so stop. This is classic wag the dog to keep his Russia ties off front page.
Thx - great information and interview - had no idea joe got his start during the Coolidge administration
McCain is actually happy. Never saw someone actually smiling about going to war. He just got back from Syria wonder why
Why did you vote for it McCain??!!  Hypocrite!
John McCain has that twinkle in his eye again ...100 year war if repubes had their way ...
Oh...my...GOD! SOMEONE ask McCain why CONGRESS wouldn't approve a strike when President Obama sought approval! EESH! DO YOUR JOBS!
Mika saying what the president should do sounds so inept. Trying to be relevant but failing.
McCain sounds like he's ready for WW III. He looks a little too happy today.
STOP the BULLSHIT SPIN! @realDonaldTrump didnt consult Congress-
he did this 4 his OWN EGO/ POLLS+He's dangerous.
Dont BLOW SMOKE JOE
Warmonger Mcain and his band of merry Fascists. We need to put a stake thru the heart of the criminal GOP and take our govt back. #growapair
Ew
says worst thing in the world is in a irrational person with a nuclear bomb. I think we already have that #trump
@SenJohnMcCainneeds2
RETIRE.
NOTHING GOOD ABT this IMPULSIVE ATTACK BY TRUMP 4 POLL RATINGS. Let syrians refugees in USA IF U CARE TRUMP.
McCain--the worst thing would be an irrational leader w/weapons. You're talking about Trump right?
i just think he launched them, not out of retaliation, but to change the news off him & russia, again & you all are falling for it.
Still pushing the Russia narrative? Dillusional
55 million spent in which months 30 million to start a WAR. 20 MILLION to play golf in FLORIDA BULL SH t
Yep he probably ecstatic...he loves war and seeing his face on tv
Trump doesn't care about the babies gassed. Or he would have let the Syrian refugees in. Its all orchestrated by Trump Putin to deflect.
Ask hi. Why he voted for nuclear option!
He called them idiots yet voted for it!
He has empty words
That because all GOP are empty suits bought and paid for by Petro Billionaires and Wall St bankers. Gorsuch is a Fascist Judge.
"I would like to see the tweetin stop but I would also like to see pigs fly!" 
That was HILARIOUS
John McCain never met a war he didn't like.
Does anyone but me wonder why McCain is always on the fake news media circuit ???
U know damn well Trump called Putin first&he warned that base to evacuate.
NeoCon Jerk! #SyriaStrikes
#RedLinesMatter
Watching and Learning ears open
i looked down at my phone same old time ringtone haha .
Joe it's rude of you to ask for a yes or no answer.
Scarborough & McCain! Enough for anyone to lose their breakfast!
Morning Joe just pulled out his guitar and is serenading McCain and Mika
See if he repeats that the gas attack was Trump's fault.
Hypocrites
If he think this is appropriate why did he not think the same thing when Obama asked Congress to do it???
