Good to hear A GOP speak up y defend Freedom@of the Press. While others cower under their desk afraid to speak!
Yea Trump. Why don't you get on CNN & town hall and brag about this instead of just here. This is the only pl I saw
nice that you pretend that you care about your constituents when u r half a world away bad mouthing our president

Please Sir, investigate POTUS ties to Russia. Praying for you all. Much respect to you. We need your expertise & experience.
Part of DJT efforts in enhanced confidence in business leaders
Go home please
Come on buddy, stop Trump.
I am sure you will fill your pockets also with   #CORRUPT to the bone
How much did the Russians give you?!?!
wow? Food stamps for 100 families? Whoppie
you're just trying to scam money out of it
Don't resign. Wouldn't thst make some of the most corrupt delighted. Freedom of speech we need the truth!!
We can't be bullied the ACA needs saved for the people need it to survive! Don't let us down Sen.JM
<--please retire, your dementia is progressing @jpmorgan
McCain must go before he destroys the country
CONFLICT OF INTERESTS! Actin As PR Man4 @jpmorgan - McCain Has MANY Ties To! @drudgeheadlines @realDonaldTrump #maga @ap @cnn
That's great! But has Trump advisor #dimon spoken out against Trump's anti-Muslim action yet?
Thank you Senator for listening. We need help out here in the small biz and professional trenches. U ARE a war hero
fire the leak
looks like you will have some more fun tomorrow
How does this snake keep getting elected?
of course you support CMB! They're one of your puppet masters!
would also be great to see you back off and retire ...
Goldman Sachs gave the same amount to each candidate for @realdonaldtrump Cabinet
What favor or who did you sell out McNasty?
As reference: Q4 2016 profit of JP Morgan chase >>> $6.7 billion USD
Il Douche Trump, is gonna be pissed he didn't get credit. #FakeJobs #FakeInvestment
NOW if we could only do something for the underserved constitutes in Arizona.
but investing in dirty energy and threatening our water supply and sacred land but nit white suburban land!

Do you think that this can be contributed to a high confidence in the POTUS?
yes of course

backstabber slush fund? Follow the money
what have you done lately
#selling us to NWO.
I wonder how much "kick back" $$ McCain gets from this deal.
Good to see that as well.  We need a middle class and small and medium sized businesses like we had in the 80s.
someone trying to get their bread buttered a little more? This is exactly what is wrong with our country.
That's my bank. Muah!!!!
good to see you ain't bad mouthing anybody today!

interesting!! #StandUnitedunderGod
-lets chill trays.. sayit to be 'waterpolo'.
Trumps tramps on..
And here Slazenger.
only you could unite the #Resistance and #ProTrump people. Both sides are sick of you and the media that loves you.
please help save our democracy don't let him get away with his constant lies and destruction he is causing
Great! Will they help you add more polling centers so your constituents don't have to spend 12 hours in line waiting to vote?
Right words must be said that I have not seen a personal love of peace to the world like Mr McCain, andI admire you
@aAmberDMc @jpmorgan - please retire. AZ VA is a disgrace as were your oversees pandering subversive remarks.
go eat babies with clinton
daddy isn't going to be there to help you when you face those sailors and Vietnam P.O.W.s you helped get killed.
And refusing to mod loans they purchased from WAMU at a FRACTION of the note/book value. Yeah...so generous!
Hey, I know a nice little Italian phrase for @jpmorgan. Just think Joe Pesce, and use ur imagination.Hand gesture!
-Traitor and Counterfitter Barrosso, in Goldman Sachs...that 'guterres-preck'. 
His name exists ..on a paper.
After foreclosing on so many homeowners during the Great Recession, costing them their homes AND credit..
please retire and go away: warmonger
RETIRE
Is JP Morgan why you are sounding like a Democrat and not supporting Trump
, traitor
-You pay your debts too. That "warhero" crap..sitting on the loo in a prison. Secured from more stupidity to occur.
Sen McCain,  please show your President more respect.If U disagree, do it in private & not publically overseas.
So what's up with these Russian back-channel "peace plan" shenanigans? Gonna tweet about THAT?!? DO YOUR JOB!
what's your cut if that Johnny?
You know what also helps entrepreneurs, Sen.? The security of having healthcare. Make the ACA better, don't gut it.
maybe we could help all entrepreneurs, not just women and minorities .
Yes. Because white men don't get enough   Handed to them.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
dude can u work ur magic and get me some $$$$ for mr mosaic..zz @DonRickles does d have a pulse..zz
looks like you've got some explaining to do leaky

Must READ:  Sen.McCain @jpmorgan CHASE
you like the big banking system don't you john
Great for Small Business
please follow @USPartypoopers for calling out all the coruption on both sides
