Elections have consequences.  You won promising to repeal O'care and fix the VA.  You've done neither, but reap untold benefits of lying.
My my you attack a person who has a terminal illness. How about just letting stuff go. if you don't like my reply that's too bad
I must apologize for this tweet it was not meant for the individuals. I must learn to use the stylus so very sorry
Sadly, we are all terminal to one degree or another. He vowed to repeal and replace and now he won't out of spite. God bless his soul.
I really don't know what to say to you so some things are better left unsaid. I do not think it's spite its intellect nothing more to say
The wink and high five with Schumer said plenty.
No point in continuing this it's obvious you are a Republican and a trump Defender to the end that is your business not mine
Your crystal ball is broken.  It's political commentary, not personal. McCain campaigned on repeal, he lied. You brought up Trump, not me.
I didn't vote for you, but I respect you sir for so much - especially standing up for what is right. You are a true hero! #Respect #Hero
Lying to Arizona about ACA with no intention of repealing. Killing 134 on USS Forrestall while he hid below like a coward. Traitor & liar.
Why don't you get your facts in order BEFORE you open up your mouth,Jenene. Did you finish HS or. are you as deranged like trump?
Did you vote for McCain in 2008 or even recently?
Or did you call him a racist for running against Obama?
Anyone care to answer?
Be truthful
My friend is being treated at sunnybrookook hospital in Toronto.   He is doing very well. You may want to check it out senator.  God bless
Yes it would be good to see some global leadership unfortunately your president isn't capable of rational thought ! You should be POTUS!
OMG!! God help us if he was. 
I support you
Well while your having a play date, the rest of us are hurting, #youdontgiveashitjohnmcCain
We did not elect you President for a reason.  #ByeBye
We're not interested in global leadership. We would like to see leadership in America and you, Sen McCain, have failed to provide it.
please look at Simpson for oil for cancer treatment worked for me and  it can't hurt you and not interfere with treatments
So you teaching them about how a traitor and song bird sells out his brothers in arms.
Who cares what you do anymore, you lied to us, I have no respect for liars. You are a liar and a traitor.
As bad as Obama is/was I would now do the unthinkable & have uncoated for this treacherous former American mccain
Maybe discussing how to support Obama Health Care Repeal and avoid many seniors Americans who die due to lack of funds for health care.
sorry to hear about your cancer, what if i told you of a cure would you beleive me.
Who cares loser
Looking good McCain!
@Patriot_MM @SenJohnMcCain @TheStudyofWar @gen_jackkeane @FoxNews Where's the protesters? Black man killed unarmed white person
Thank you for choosing Human Americans over partisan politics sir! You've shown US what principled courage mean! Godspeed Senator McCain!
Face it you called McCain a racist for running against Obama didn't you? Nice job on crazy outrageous nonsensical numbers.
That's fine provided you have your head in the game.
From a Combat Vet to Combat Vet , please get Trump Impeached. Why is the senate ignoring the North Korea issue?!
When I discuss your lack of leadership here? How can you discuss global leadership when you cannot keep your promises until leadership here?
Why global leadership? What about health Care and tax reform!!
S&P has a new analysis of Graham-Cassidy. Sees 580k lost jobs, $240b less econ activity by 2027, fewer insured,return of pre-ex conditions
Did they factor in 3% GDP?    58k lost jobs annually is not bad when the Trump economy adds a million monthly.
Trump has added 1.2 million since taking office - not exactly a million a month. And that 3% GDP was a quarterly #, hit many times before.
I won elections in November
So did he but hasn't kept any promises. How about you?? Are you a fraud & liar like he is?
Discuss your resignation
Senator please take a good care of yourself  need you to protect us from Trump.  A friend of mine was diagnosed with gleoblastoma 2 yrs ago
Senator McCain. please help us about North Korea!! Trump is a wild man and he has done this escalating through ridiculous tweeting!! Help!!!
We love you Senator McCain!   #AmericanHero
My great-uncle is fighting the exact same type of brain cancer right now as well. Prayers and positive vibes your way!
You turned Democrat and yet I voted for you as a Republican not too long ago. Obamacare cost me 907/mo on unemp in 2014!
Your legacy will be the senator who punished Arizonains and Americans to spite @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
JohnMcCain has not punished Zonies. He has stood up & fought for decent healthcare. He is sheltering the demise of Medicare. He saved us.
I enjoyed your interview on 60 minutes last night. Senator, you have my utmost respect and well wishes!
McCain knew this story was coming out-TV reaching 4 the uninformed 2 fool, just like he did with stance on ObamaCare https://m.youtube.com/watch?a=&v=27BuVXz3Y-I&feature=youtu.be …
God Bless you John McCain from WV
That program was to attract naïve so they don't see the truth #Coverup https://m.youtube.com/watch?a=&v=27BuVXz3Y-I&feature=youtu.be … #POW #MIA
Why don't you kick the bucket liar. You aren't on chemo..youd be sick and losing hair if you were!
Gen Keane shouldn't b seen w u. U r doing the Deep States dirty work to cover YOUR CRIMES.
John maybe you should switch parties so there is no misunderstanding on what you believe
Why is he telling you anything you are the enemy
Graham's Health Care proposal was never going to pass this is the establishment McCain and Graham at work
McCain does Deep State dirty work to hide his crimes. See this and there's so much more:
How about keeping your promise to repeal Obamacare- your a FINK
Senator McCain I think you are one of the most treasured human beings we have in government. I will always be thinking of you.
@SenJohnMcCain why not discuss tax reform?
You know nothing about leadership Hanoi john.
The people will understand if you want to take this time to yourself to be w your loved ones.
Please resign you are a traitor and always have been!
Shame on you old man, from American Hero to a corrupt, useless, spineless politician. You should resign.
You need to retire.  You are so vindictive that it's clouding your judgment.  Or does being a a$#%hold come natural to you.
Thank you also for standing up against an idiot POTUS who doesn't have any idea what real Americans are about or care!
Senator, thank you for standing up for poor Americans.  Thank you for understanding those of us who need our healthcare AND pay for it!
Where is your leadership, vote for Graham-Cassidy Bill.  Get over yourself & do what is right for the America  like u were elected to do.
Get in line with GOP for killing O Care.
Please retire for the Good of the country.
Go away, you are nothing but a liar. Everything you've said to get elected you have done the opposite. You have no honor, needed a pardon.
You are a hater and a liar #RepealAndReplace keep your word! If you don't like the bill , change it! #maga
McCain, you are part of the DEEP, CROOKED SWAMP.
INSTEAD of working to appeal OC, you are studying leadership in WAR. WTF guy, you lost that one a long time ago. Gonna sic Sara on your ass

Traitor
Love this, but vote yes on healthcare reform bill, for the American people.
I'm sorry for doubting you sir. You hold something sacred for Americans. We need hope that we are not going to be further enslaved by rich.
John you will forever be my HERO ..... I wish you were president ..... 
Resign.
Your one of America's biggest hero's now and forever. I pray God heals and blesses you!! Thank you John McCain for serving America!!
Onecyou sh not be in, you are not capable of leading ..retire
your one of the greatest Americans ever!! I do not like your core politics, but I love the man!!
Praying for you & family. Thank you for your leadership, it is needed and valued every day and I'm not even a GOP, a grateful NYer.
Thank you for your service sir. Your courage and patriotism inspire me!
Vote John out ASAP

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
TRAITOR
You are sickening. And a liar. And Jealous of Trump . Do us a favor resign.
Global leadership isn't your job, fulfilling your campaign promises to your voter's is your job.
Is this guy still mentally fit enough to serve?
You said your about honor, duty and country, keep your promise and repeal and replace Obama care...
Fighting for rights other Countries that Americans don't have-Americans can't walk into courtroom &get fair trial http://www.VALaw2010.blogspot.com 
Please retire!!!!
Love ya and hope you get well soon thanks for Everything!!!
Love you John McCain

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
clips of John McCain on Repealing & Replacing O'Care. He has he changed-complete turn from years of talk.
retire brain damage
His legacy will be aTrader, a Modern Day Benedict Arnold.
@SenJohnMcCain stop lying to America. You are truly a Democrat. I do prey for your recovery and wish you health.
You lied about repeal and replace.  I voted for you for president. That was a mistake for sure. Just go away, let somebody else take over.
Just another lying politician. You said you would repeal and replace Obamacare. You lied to the American people. Just go away!
REMOVE 45 he's a traitor! HE WILL DESTROY AMERICA!
100% support, but how to have reasults? I'm not looking to builf Huge package for no reasons.
You are respected and loved by all middle class Americans. The God in you truly shows through.
John McCain Cain for President. Impeach Trump
Sad, you've ruined your reputation by pouring & betraying Americans yet again. May God forgive you & have mercy as vengeance is His. #MAGA
You suck,  McCain.
Hero to Zero. Take it to the grave.
Just saw few minutes of u saying you would repeal Obamacare. Hypocrite. Liar. No respect 4 u anymore. Resign please!!!
Your sacrifice for your country makes you a true hero. Your defending the rights of our people to have Health care make you a leader!
Hard to believe you're friends with General Keane, while destroying USA re., ACA. Do you really want to go out with an L on your forehead?
I honor u for ur valor & gallantry. U've done so much for this beloved republic of ours & I salute u, sir! U make all of us tall! Much love!
Isn't this sack of shit dead yet ? Oh wait - that's just his morals.
American global leadership? Discussion shouldn't take long.
I am not your constituent, but I wanted to say thank you for your commitment and dedication even while facing this disease. Bless you!
Thank you
Senator, I have always had different political seats from you & I've also been impressed with you. You are a true warrior. Be well
#American #leadership... #Trump... sigh #Impeach that SON OF A BITCH #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpnow He will destroy everything in the end!
Retire u fraudulent liar. U've been a terrible voice 4 America. How u could lie 2 the folks of Arizona saying u'd repeal & replace-Liar x 2
#CannabisOil4SenatorMcCainsBrainHelpHealHim share it pass it on 
Be well Capt Jack, you are an example to America as to how a hero lives
Hum how about ACA replacement Mr. McCain and help your party! @realDonaldTrump’s Tweet:
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
In this age of @realDonaldTrump, I wish you all the luck in this universe, Senator.
Liar
You and Obamacare and Barry Sotero need to go away like the dodo bird  do America a favor please GO AWAY like Harry Reid !
I am asking on behalf of millions of us Americans as to when you will finally just go away ?!
You siding with the party that wanted to keep segregation i can understand but u pouting because Trump made fun of u is childish
Step down john
I do not believe you, your personal vendetta is more important than what is good to the people. You are a traitor and never been a hero.
Funny how you side with democRATS on everything So most of us can’t figure why u run as a Republican because you sure R not for Americans
if a DNA sample is taken of McCain's brain Tumor one would find Obama's DNA
I could picture you fighting against republicans to keep the 13th amendment n picture you like always siding with democRATS 4 slavery!
Thank you McCain
Love ya @SenJohnMcCain !
thank you so much senator for doing what is right on healthcare
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/912487929783754755 … all you do is lie lie lie just to keep your cushy little lifestyle well it's over
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
How do we encourage refugees and migrant citizens to learn from our system and take it back to help theirs.
We need to empower more migrants
History lesson https://m.youtube.com/watch?a=&v=27BuVXz3Y-I&feature=youtu.be … #60Minutes forgot a part
Why didn't 60 Minutes play this John McCain clip? 
Hang in there senator.  We need you.
So much respect Senator McCain!  Thank you for the life you continue to lead!!!
You are a tough & courageous man, Senator.
Hopefully he taught you that you are becoming a lil bit*ch in your final days.
Thank you in advance for your 'no' vote on  death care. Stay well and my prayers are with you.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/912487929783754755 …

How about Kicking Off Repealing Obamacare Senator #MAGA!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Lier!! Traitor!!  If you want to end your lengthy career as such, then continue to vote against the American people!! Disgusting!!

Please support this tweet, and let's hope @WarChildUK will not be another agency to cover up Ukrainian war cimes - https://thetruthspeaker.co/2017/09/22/18-children-killed-by-ukrainian-war-crimes-in-donbass-1-marina-refugee-bus/ …
McCain you dope... You've lost the base that elected you... Your replies and "praise" is from Dems and that Resist crap.
Your newly found friends will turn on you in the next election.
Unseal your war records and let the people see what an opportunistic piece of shit you have always been
I am sorry for your prognosis. I will pray for you.
: US global leadership has major challenges Sen., in MidEast, South Asia; East Asia. Russia &
: Russia, China, India, Pakistan, Iran, Turkey, Philippines , North Korea on the rise. Respect
: Your old friends & US alliances with  non state actors makes USA unreliable & Untrustworthy.
: Your top leadership Tweets are your major obstacles both internally & externally. Manage it.
God bless you, Senator. You are an honorable, courageous, selfless, gracious, humble and godly man.May love, peace, joy embrace you always.
Thank you Sen McCain for putting country before party. You are our HERO! God Bless You!
When did u turn into a lying big govt Socialist AGAINST the people of Az??
Thank you so much for all you do, Sir!
Thank you so much Sen McCain!!!!we love you!
For what??
Sen. McCain you're a true American hero. That's not what Trump thinks. When he called you a loser in the debates it made me so mad.
please keep our country safe you can please keep our Healthcare safe. I need Medicaid to live I'm 46 and I'll die without it.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Sir. I voted for you for president and now find myself wondering why?  You have an opportunity to repeal Ocare. Take it please.
Can anyone change Trumps Twitter password and not tell him what it is so he can't use it for 3 more years??
Time to retire and quit lining your pockets. You lied about repealing Obama care to get re-elected.
You have only two friends: Nancy & Chuck
at what point does brain cancer compromise someone's ability to draft legislation? #NeverTrump #TokyoRose #McPain #PardonedForTreason
Hey McCain, are you on Obama care?  Why don't you explain they sort of health care you have to everybody.... you are one hypocritical dude
McCain, you are a disgrace to our party.... you need to retire, your so filled with jealousy and hatred for Trump, emotions have taken over
You cant even help to lead your own country and you are worried about "global leadership"? Join the democrats, please!
If you cant even work towards fixing the average Americans problems,how in the hell are you going to help American global leadership?!
Senator- instead of voting down healthcare, where is your "better" bill????  You've had 8 1/2 years!
We are more concerned about our families health than we are about "global leadership"! 5
WAKE up McCain! The American ppl need relief from Obamacare! Some action is better then your current plan,which is nothing! 4
DUMB DONALD HOW MANY BLACK PEOPLE ARE IN THE  NHL YOU MAY GO AND CALL US NIGGAS AND STOP THE BULLSHIT
I think you need to leave the senate and let someone who will help get rid of Obamacare I'm tired of paying high prices for healthcare
I went to http://Healthcare.gov  because I thought it would be cheaper than what I pay through work. Boy, was I wrong.
They said I could afford it through the workplace - yeah, if I didn't have to pay rent and bills...
Do you have any idea how high my premiums rose? That is,before the last insurer pulled out of my state! 3
I think it's time you step down and let us repeal and replace oboma
Are you so obsessed with other countries that you forget those of us,like myself,suffering from Obamacare?! 2
#JohnMcCain 

The bold faced Liar

 
Gets 3 Pinocchio's

#McCainThe$hitStain
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Why exactly are you so concerned with @TheStudyofWar and not repealing Obamacare?! 1

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are weak when the vote is hard- resign
Thank heaven!  Someone has to be a leader....and it's certainly not 45.
You are just as bad a lying Hillary.. Sick of seeing you ruin my expensive unafforable health care..REPEAL IT NOW>> OR RETIRE
Thank you Patriot. My children will hear and know your story of character Senator.
#Democrats love you for keeping #Obamacare that's why you should step down and resign.
Jacks probably thinking your an ass, just like everybody else ...
https://t.co/coymZky4Nf?ssr=true
