We want lower taxes!
If Trump is for lower taxes-McCain will vote against it, even if its needed. He's become very petty as he ages.
During his re-election run he vowed to vote against ObamaCare? Not exactly ethical to promise one thing, & do the opposite after election.
According to one of McCain's 2016 reelection commercials "John McCain is leading the fight to stop Obamacare" Some leader.
Strange to think that McCain is more popular with liberals than other Republicans. He would never be re-elected today.
He's a real patriot. A great man
We disagree, sorry.
NOW will you please retire? PLEASE?
Why.  He is one of the few that demonstrate leadership and common sense
Senator McCain, Thank you for your unselfish service to our country, and planet...
Absolutely  ..  Ignore the haters Senator McCain & also #TrumpIsAMoron
Drunk and insane, John McCain will always be a traitor and an enemy of America!
Started this positive, you seem to want to take things to gutter...like the Pres. does daily... nice job... 
McCain has done great things!
No, McCain has done nothing but OBSTRUCT and let his petty jealousy of Trump rule his decisions. He is a changed man since he lost to Obama.
oh you're obviously one of the poorly educated he so very much loves...
A lady asked him, Running for President...this was his ten min answer..and he’s the one Nixon Pardoned fo High Treason killed 134 US Sailors
Thank you for speaking up for civil discourse and decency in our country. Congratulations and as always best wishes in your health
Thank you for speaking truth to power.  Keep going! #LibertyMedal #Freedom
You have issues , resign
Retire,You bitter, jealous, spiteful,& ignorant TRAITOR.So glad you were NEVER ELECTED PRESIDENT!#SHOW RESPECT FOR OUR REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT!
@realDonaldTrump thank you Senator McCain for reminding us about our shared values as Americans - Republicans, Democrats, Libertarians...
@realDonaldTrump we are in this for the common good and something better for the world. Not tyranny, but freedom. Not wealth, but goodness
Sir, I'm not a republican, and I didn't vote for you, but you are a good, intelligent, altruistic man an I have tremendous respect for you.
Thank you for your service to our country. Thank you for your ability to look for the common good beyond party lines. Thank you for leading
Shut up and do your job.
Deal 10
Courageous reporter, asked McCain,”if he allowed his pers. problems with Trump to cloud his judgement.” No, comment. Truth can’t be denied!
Extraordinary. We NEED you with us for many more years!
1/ Yet his history goes w him as a man of war. Not even as much a man of peace as you who praise him.

Senile John McCain gets angry at reporter who asks why he’s blocking President Trump on every issue. 
Senator McCain thank you for standing up and speaking the truth.  I’m disgusted with trump and this administration. You Sir are respected.

Excellent remarks. So good to have strength and leadership in congress.  It is needec
Thank you Senator for being an inspirational leader at a time where it's in short supply.
And we appreciated your speech. Please continue to speak out against @potus and save our democracy before it’s too late!
You are my new hero.
America is my team so that makes me a Nationalist. I am proud to be one. McCain, why do you hate America?
Your presentation, like your deeds on behalf of United America, will go down in History. I am proud to have witnessed your advocacy. #McCain
WHEN 1 STOPS BEING TRUTHFUL, THEY BEGIN TO MORALIZE TO JUSTIFY THEIR DECEPTION. HILLARY CLINTON IS ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF THIS PARADOX.
The damage was, and continues to be, done by @BarackObama, not @realDonaldTrump. Proof you've gone senile. Please retire, as you promised.
Nobody is listening
Just please stop speaking you jumped on the Fox News Reporter his question was spot on & we ALL see you are another obstructionist #Dem
Rush Limbaugh is correct - you’re living in the past. 
https://www.rushlimbaugh.com/daily/2017/10/17/senator-mccains-establishment-relinquished-americas-leadership-in-the-world/ …
LOVE YOU JOHN MCCAIN! You do great honor to our country.  Keep on keeping on.  We are praying for you.
Go away McCain!!
This was a wonderful speech, true and enlightening but your preaching to the choir. What can we do about this?  Seriously! #impeach45 how?
Senator-I do not understand how you can vote for tax bill. Another pack of lies that hurts middle class. Please no!
Thank you! But enough with the "words", actions are what count! Please be a hero yet again & either start impeachment or 25th amendment ASAP
Although our political views may not always be the same you are a true hero
Bravo Zulu, sir!
God Bless you
What a sickening speech, globalist agenda, evil antichrist spirit. #AmericaFirst #RememberTowerOfBabel @realDonaldTrump
@PressSec .. This is what a true leader sounds like.. plz share with your boss. Thx!

Speech is offensive to God. Look for Tower of Babel event. God says no. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Great you got a medal NOW go start keeping promises that you Made on tape to GOP voters in AZ. You killed repeal don't vote no tax reform
Since when is putting America first unpatriotic?
Wow about 1200 likes in a country of over 300 million....I would say your game playing with Trump at the expense of taxpayers has been exposed....you can go now!
Downloaded and read your speech. TY for your words of hope and love of our country. Will save and re-read from time to time.
You are going Hone in glory. You’re back to being the Nation’s hero. Trump can’t lit a candle to you.
Look at all those dem donators surrounding you. Your bought off.
Senator McCain........thank you sir!!!  You are a credit to the military, this country, and your family.  Truly appreciate you #badass
Way to speak out Senator!!  Thanks for keeping on the fight for our Democracy.  Hoping others will follow in your steps.
Thank you Sir...
Loved the speech & entire ceremony
Thank you! Hope you are resting up - take care of yourself!
You are a petty little man, I am ashamed of you. After the things you have endured, to see you sell your soul for politics is disgusting.

John McCain is Obama's ass-wiper that's what he is.

Thank you for having the integrity to stand up for people, our country & constitution. If only there were more republicans like you &Corker.
Thank you for your words.
Thank you for your service to our country, Senator McCain -- both then and now.
Just watched you eat a @FoxNews reporters question 4 lunch. I'm so proud of you Sir. If your looking 4 senate truth J McCain is your person.
The time will come when John McCain will be able to say “...I don’t like presidents who get impeached...”
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain  for do what is correct
Epic speech Senator! Thank you sir!
Time to retire Senator! You are hurting our nation. You are a RINO!
So proud of Sen John McCain !  A hero seasoned Senator and still stands for what is USA's #1 need - Peace and Prosperity for ALL. #Decency
I was inspired by your speech Senator McCain, hello from Ontario Canada
Thank you, Sir!
Congratulations Young Man on your Honors. God Bless you
Sen, as a Dem , i didnt vote 4 u & disagree with many of ur policies. As an american tho... u make me proud ! Sincerely !
I don't remember any of you politicians mention a #Globalization agenda during your campaign. @BarackObama @JoeBiden @SenateDems @GOP #MAGA
The supporters of @realDonaldTrump now are Deplorable Spurious Half-backed Nationalist, thanks to @HillaryClinton and @SenJohnMcCain
You Sir only proved you are an establishment Rhino! I used to pray for your health and family. You don't give a damn about us so back at ya!
Fantastic speech. Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain, for this and for all you have done in service of our country.
Beautiful powerful  very moving speech thank you Senator McCAin thank you
U dare to call me unpatriotic spurious half-backed nationalist? Like @HillaryClinton called me Deplorable? Coming from U?A Fake Republican?
Congrats your speech was AMAZING! Perfect words! I tell my 17 yr son he can get his biting point across w/o foul language perfect example!
Disgusting how you stand in front of a large "We The People" photo and disavow patriotism at home while saying we should force it globally.
Anguished soul of an angry hateful corrupt man void of character & integrity so desperate 2 B relevant. John McCain sold his soul long ago.
Senator, I'd like to express how I feel by sharing with you what the late Tennessee Ernie Ford use to say, "Bless your pea-pickin' heart".
amazing speech
Congratulations on the well-deserved recognition. Thanks for your thought-provoking spech, & especially for continuing the good fight.
You live in a world/country that truly no longer exists, John...thank God.  I'm one of those "America Firsters" that you hate.  Back at ya!
Love that guy.
POW what a JOKE ! Traitor and POS is more the truth !
thank you for speaking truth to a  reckless man and his administration..a hero in so many ways , even now
Songbird McCain singing again cept not 4 himself this time it's 4 his globalist handlers. #TERMLIMITS
Thank you for defending this country against a madman and his henchmen.

McCain calls O'care the Sleaziest thing he's ever seen! Enter Brain Cancer/Damage/Pro O'care
—He is UNFIT to Govern!
The gig is up John! No reason to get mad at a reporter... I hope all those Democrat hummers were worth it 
Senator what in world is a matter with you; set aside your personal issues w/ POTUS and do what’s right for your constituents

You looked and sounded evil, why must you run the president down like that, it make you look really bad
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty cover-up  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #navy
THANK YOU for such an eloquent speech Senator McCain. THANK YOU for standing up for the American People.
beautiful.  Don't stop reminding ppl what imakes us great!  You are our hero!
@SenJohnMcCain is taking a knee on @realDonaldTrump agenda. Shame Shame Shame on you Senator. Another selfish fat cat. #MAGA
Sen McCain is going 2 b fine he has real Christians praying 4 him he is going 2 b fine keep the faith healing is on the way bless u & r fam
Thank you for your voice of reason, and your years of honorable service to this country.
You do realize that you're talking down to a big portion of Americans, rigbt?
uccchhhjh this dope has 2 g0 ....
RINO!!!!
McCains Mutiny a RINO for real A closet MARXIST and a true Democrat/ BOLSHEVIK
thank you .. We're all hungry and thirsty for wise, noble words.. It's been awhile. Praying for you.
@SenJohnMcCain aka songbird

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/920412910307893248 … WE THE PEOPLE 320 MIL RGOV UNDER GOD4GODS DIVINE HEAVENLY JUSTICE 4UR SOUL.AMERICANS R SUFFERING&U DON’T GIV A DAM
https://twitter.com/libertyselfgov/status/919937209385357312 … WE THE PEOPLE RGOV SENATOR McCain 4GODS DIVINE HEAVENLY JUSTICE 4 UR SOUL WE THE PEOPLE USA READ TWEET THREADS4GBA
Pathetic RINO!  Time to retire, or join the democratic swamp rats!  Truly unfit to hold office.
Thank you for your bravery & service to our country. You are a true patriot.
Senator, Very few people can fathom the horror you've experienced in serving our country, the very least of these, @realDonaldTrump. 1/
God bless you John McCain.
Resign!!!
Maverick my Arse
I think he spent to much time in Hanoi and became a trained MARXIST
It’s time for McCain to act like a Republican & support @POTUS.Pathetic that he would rather oppose Trump then keep his promises to people
Everyone else is wrong but John McCain, Collins and Murkowski. Now isn’t that just f..king typical?
Speaking like a true corporate paid globalist who has turned its back on Americans long ago. Corruption rules the WORLD & you Help it breath
@SenJohnMcCain please for the sake of the Rep. Party, go away!! We are sick of the RINO's and the SWAMP! Go home RINO!
Thank you for your service in our country! We appreciate your sound mind and leadership during this very tumultuous time in our history.
please go away so we can MAGA!
At least I am not the only one seeing history repeat itself again. Very concerning.
I might now always agree with you, but I truly respect & appreciate your dedication & service to AZ, our country, our planet. Thank You.

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
You should team up with Hanoi Jane and do an American Traitor tour
Bot... What's the weather like in Russia tonight?
Dont know ask @HillaryClinton
A true American!  A man full of Honor & Integrity.
You’re a modern day Benedict Arnold, you’ve aided and sided with Globalist forces that are aligned to destroy America. You are the enemy.
And the divisive-ness continues.. if that was your goal.. then well done.
I remember the day my plane blew up and killed 350 men on the Forestal because I was drunk. I'm no hero, please forgive me
Thank you sir, for your military service and your leadership in the Senate. God bless you!
Thank you Senator. Wise words for all Americans - liberal and conservative.
As poignant, patriotic, timely and inspiring a speech as has been delivered in many, many years.  Well done, sir!
Im saddened to know that as you look back at your life's work, social media maniacs and fools run amok. Thanks for your hard work Mr. McCain
@realDonaldTrump His grandfather was a draft dodger and he is someone who insult #pow @SenJohnMcCain you think he cares for our soldiers?
Thank you for your integrity!  It’s in short supply these days.
It says "we The People" on the wall behind him.  WE THE PEOPLE HATE HIM.  He lived in Hillary's anus and licked Obama's scrotum for 8 years
You want the NWO You are no friend of the U.S. or of Arizona. You need to retire! You have done enough damage!
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing
I think you did something!!
Senator McCain thank you for your strong comments and observations which so eloquently expressed what I believe.  You are a hero.
Amazing.  Listen to this @realDonaldTrump.  Think about how you might say something similar.  Give up.  And resign. #DumpTrump
What an ASS John McCain has turned into being rude and crude to our President and to journalist is being that way to Americans !!!  SHAMEFUL
It was vomit Inducing to watch. Have to brush my teeth now.
Congratulations, Senator! A well deserved honor. And welcome to #TheResistance! Country over party, right?
Patriot and Maverick who calls it as it is. Thank you again Sen McCain and bless you!!
Thank you for your patriotic remarks. Appreciate your courage when we have such poor leadership in the WH.
What the world needs now are more  valiant patriots in Congress like Sen John McCain (& Sen Bob Corker)to call out danger & question fitness
Thank you Senator.
Maybe at one time you deserved this. U are blowing your legacy. Little to respect about your actions this year. You've betrayed your voters
Boy John, you aren't looking so good these days ;)
Moloch not going to give you eternal life?
FYI: Veterans are STILL being abused at the PHX VAMC. I know the news coverage has been lacking on VA issues, but the VA abuse is up!
This man cares nothing about working man who 4 yrs has struggled under bad economy. Obummer had no feelings 4 taxpayers n McCain neither.
You were Paid to obstruct & claim honor?? Why wouldn't you want America 1st??? Evil man
It’s time to retire .
When are you going to be part of the solution Senator?
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Applaud John McCain, an American Hero
U GONNA APOLOGIZE FOR NOT VOTING CLINTON, or just hope we forget?  U HELPED HIM
Retire!
Thank you 4 speaking out against the growing nationalist movement. Hopefully ur words will embolden other moderate Republicans 2 do the same
American people know you, Biden et al Progressive Marxist Democrats do not support individual liberty & freedom... you want to take it away.
Too Bad McCain isn't our President. A man of True Character and Honor
True Hero McCain At Iconic town hall meeting a Woman disparagingly called Obama an Arab.McCain respectfully Corrected her and defended Obama
Congratulations Senator!! Thank you for your service.
What a awful speech u haven't done anything u promised the American people u would do like obama care u need2resign you are a embarrassment
Your days are numbered. Good riddance to you and your family.
I did not vote Trump, but he has done better for this country than Barry Obama ever did. You've lost it. Just do the honorable thing. Resign

I respect your service 2 our country, but u have no desire 2 work with our very successful President Trump. U want 2 work with him? #MAGA 
'I want 2work with/President,not against him'.u also said words don't matter, actions do.then ur words r null &void.ur actions confirm that
Of course Songbird-You love attention, money and the easy path-You don't deserve any award, traitor-You've stayed in office by Globalists!
Thank you for your service! Keep fighting for this great country.
Why won't you condemn @realDonaldTrump by name?
You showed your true colors RINO. Trump is going to show the world the skeletons you have in your closet. #pleaseretirenow
Are you and Jane Fonda having an affair?!?!!
Bot..  how's Russia Today what's the weather like? cold-hearted?

SO are you the real Manchurian candidate?  and all this time I thought it was  JOhn Kerry ..@foxandfriends @TheFive
I rutted for you back in 2008, you’re a crook! And a traitor!
