Stay home with your family. Or maybe they prefer to have you in DC. #drainthesewer
Take a nap.
He is a fucking Soros spy and puppet
Get well Senator, you deserve better than your own party is treating you. Stand tall stand proud and stay well.
Bannon should not be in the White House. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your courage for speaking up against Trump. You are in my  nightly 
No..he should have never slithered his way in...no reason to be there.
Senator the mystery has been why Trump insists on ignoring people that know what they're talking about. Instead relying on know nothings.
Trump only listens to those who completely agree with him or lick his testicles for him. (I just grossed myself out)
You did me no favors either. I need to bleach that visual from my database. Thanks. 
 Sorrrrrrrrryyyyyy

6 months of infighting and instability. He is tit for tat with McConnell and North Korea. 55 only voted, now with this ongoing anxiety....
RETIRE.
Gens McMaster & Kelly shouldn't have to spend 5 secs a day even thinking about Bannon... a bunch of nonsense... shouldn't even be there..
McCain why don't you just change your political party to Democratic, that is how you vote and act, your not a conservative
@SenJohnMcCain  Fight on Soldier!
We gotta protect the three Generals-Kelly, Mattis, and THAT guy right there from trump. We gotta.
Trump is running the White House like a game show. We are RealAmerican people and he has no regard or concept his repeal, war... No confid.

DISINFORMATION IS DANGEROUS. ON  WHOSE WATCH DID NATIONAL SECURITY FAIL, INTELL BREECH &  IRAN TROPHY DEAL ?  OBAMA
Just another Soros minion.  I hope Trump ditches him.

GO TRUMP!! @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump
Bannon is untouchable.  All that can be done is mitigate his power
McMaster is the only reasonably qualified member of the cabinet
Is there no political left in the @GOP enough so to put country over party? @realDonaldTrump is incompetent & a danger to the republic.
Just worry about your health , you are no longer needed on issues pertaining to the USA!!!
The stench of Mercer. 

His country, not ours. Apparently.
I love that Senator McCain posted this :D
The best.  Mercer did to McCain what he trying to do to Flake.   Funded opposition.
I'm enjoying "I don't give a shit anymore" McCain.  His trolling of the Trump Administration has been incredible.
I've learned from family members who've faced death that they realize it's more impt to be honest & not give a flip what others think.
So how do we put Bannon out of a job?
Trump afraid to oust Bannon.  Bannon uses his bully pulpit (Breitbart) much more effectively than Trump uses his.
Steve Bannon with Trump and Kushner
Obama care is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program. Why Isn't congress on Obamacare w/o the 70% extra ?
So why doesn't writer of article refer to the PRESIDENT with proper grammar & Gen Kelly?Blah, blah, blah. Otherwise, no news here.
McMaster thinks Rice did absolutely nothing wrong,then he needs to go !Drain the Swamp!
Why does mcmasyer hate conservatives?
Trump knows this is going on, but stands by and watches?  Survival of the fittest is a thing with Trump, no matter who gets hurt. Sick.
Scary to know so many believing garbage sites and would attack you n another war hero. I'm sorry! God Bless you!
Finally he defended him? I've been tweeting him to. Bannons followers should be ashamed for attacking respectable Gen. McMasters!
McCain, did you lie to the American People when you said you would Repeal Obamacare! You stated you would do, with your own Mouth!
He's putting the swamp back on the NSC. & if he has back channels to the globalist anarchist Soros, like you, then he has to go. #UTraitors!
@realDonaldTrump needs to get the KING OF TOXIC #PresidentBannon OUT
If John McCain backs McMaster, then he is deep state and must go. I was on the fence until now.
Idiot
Thank you for standing up to this. Especially during this time when your energies need to be on your personal health. #strength
Bannon is like an insidious bacteria, hidden under skin, wreaking havoc. He really needs to go, for peace's sake
Senator, open your mind to this president. Things will get done.
@J235X @WSJ  U hve to commit treason to get impeached, so, go fly a kite and study ur history lessons
Wsj not even good enough for my dog to pee on
It's so sad McCain that the only ones that say nice things about you anymore are liberals who will turn on you in one second
Your comments are not helpful RINO
McMaster Caught Privately Communicating WH Internal Politics to Deep State McCabe http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/boom-report-mcmaster-caught-privately-communicating-wh-internal-politics-deep-state-mccabe/ … #MAGA
Sara Carter: WH McMasters Communicating Intel With Obama Holdover FBI McCabe http://waynedupree.com/sara-carter-wh-mcmasters-communicating-intel-with-obama-holdover-fbi-mccabe/ … #MAGA
@SteveKBannon needs to be the next advisor told to pack his bags. Please see to it Gen. Kelly.
I want to see what you and the @GOP are going to do about this RIGHT NOW.
A letter from H.R. McMaster said Susan Rice will keep her top-secret security clearance
McMaster refuses to say “radical Islamic terrorism” and is supported by the traitor McCain, Bill Kristol. Tells me all I need to know!
Trumps whole regime needs to go. Steve Bannon is a traitor and a manipulator who is out to destroy us all.
A senator spreading rumors.
Yep, you're a dem voter. You like the candidates with half a brain. McCain just qualified recently.
Mic drop. 
Please help us save our country!!!  Time to impeach!
When you have more far left morons supporting you than your own base. That's a sign you failed the people who voted into office.
Good read that again raises the question of why is Bannon is still there?
So what are you doing about the traitor in charge and his mess of a WH?
Can someone please just recognize that our President is mentally unfit and is leading us to an unnecessary war

Instead of reading, Senator , take some action. Do something!
.. do any of you notice that McCain only reads and tweets  garbage written by deep state military industrial complex.
Seriously John?  I'm so glad you R not R president.  This does not help America.  Please just publicly change your status to democrat!!!!
SURE "fire & fury" were Bannon's words!  President is clearly willing to jepordize American lives to distract, impress & /or save himself!
#25thAmendmentNow !!!!
McMaster is a true American Hero unlike Bannon or Miller; MCMaster is a man of honor
First thing that strikes me is that you readily believe mainstream media reports. Second thing is that you are more liberal everyday.
If McMaster thinks we need to cowtow to Iran He needs to go! Your such a showboat that you run to the Sunday morning news shows!
Senator you are a traitor to his country, to your president and your party, please resign! You liar!!! Obamacare is live because of you !
He's an Obama hold over and need to be gone
McMasters? No, we were lucky to have his service when others turned it down after Flynn was caught.
Bannon needs to go. He's a c**p disturber.
Your both part of the anti Trump movement to bring him down. We all see it! Both of your political futures don't look good! We will stand up
Isn't it ironic that a group historically known to be anti-Semitic attacks McMaster because they say he's not pro Israel enough?
Bannon should have never been allowed in the white house or given security clearance.  He breathes hate and lies. #FireBannon
No one wants your input anymore. #retire do not return to senate !
Target away if he and his staff are the mole sent by @SenJohnMcCain
PLEASE IMPEACH TRUMP! I'M FEARFUL OF HIS ACTIONS! HE'S NUTS AND UNQUALIFIED!!!!
He is a loyal American, can't say same for u.
This can't continue for 3+ years.  There'll be nothing left of America the beautiful if it does!
Must watch! McCain repeal & replace video!
pass
@ananavarro @realDonaldTrump @charlesornstein @maddow At this point in his career, why would Kelly put up with Bannon?  Or with Trump?
Trump *is* the crisis. He must be removed ASAP by any means necessary. #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow
first you said it was russian bots attacking McMaster, now its bannons friends..MAKE UP YOUR MIND JAKE. WHICH ONE IS IT?
It can be all, no?
#Bannon must go! He's a cancerous blight on democracy.
Thank You for your service now please retire so we can get the things the American people need done.
Yes thank you for your service brother, hang in there. Idi v nahui suka leiviska
Nice Toasty your a real class act so proud of your beliefs that you can't even use your own name.
I'm not sure how my name plays into my my beliefs, strange connection. Sen. McCain is a proud honourable man, duly elected, you step down.
If your really proud of what you believe in you wouldn't be afraid to tell people who you are!
There you go again another nonsense connection; get it out of your thin skull that I'm afraid of you or any one else, go home small one.
Bannon and minions must go. Get him out!
mcCain and maters are with soros
It figures you'd throw in for McMaster since he is a disciple of Soros and company just like you are you lying old fool. #McCainInstitute 
Are you also a puppet of @georgesoros & @OpenSocietylike him Song Bird?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
Block Clovis please- terrible decision
Songbird at it again...
Bring it.
Master and Commander, I remember the movie, and yours is the entertainment presidency
The trouble is you've cast Trump and not Russell Crowe
Get all Breitbart out of the White House
So why aren't more of your @GOP colleagues speaking up? This demise of the WH will be worn on the shoulders of your party for silence.
"McMaster is unfairly vilified, but Bannon is responsible for all dysfunction in the White House."
Keep up the pressure senator!  Please invoke 25th amendment
This onerous cancer must be cut from our government. #Bannon means to destroy our government and rebuild in his imagined utopia.
McMasters emails Soros from home on WH operations. Outed by Israeli intelligence
Oust Bannon and his toadies incl. Gorka and Miller
If tr*mp wants to be taken seriously by the American public, he would do just that.
Will congress investigate MCMaster for scrubbing his files about Lynch. Or are you only going after our current President?
Now not the time for unstable leadership.Trumps incompetence &bombastic hyperbole is extremely dangerous.
Songbird. Traitor/Treason in Vietnam. Warmonger , and met/helped to fund ISIS.
Rino Mccain
Is McMaster an obama plant"?  McCain should know.  That's why he is silent. Just like Benghazi videos.Clinton tarmac meeting. Silence rules
I hope Mc Master use his power to kick i mean actually kick Bannon out of W.H.
McMaster should resign with his Stars and his dignity in place.
they should have get rid of Bannon long ago.
Bannon is an alcoholic, domestic abuser who has declared his goal is essentially anarchy. Wtf is he doing in our WH?

"Sudunly Trump has faith in our intelligence agencies"when it comes to Putin Russia is fake news #Trump hypocrisy in lies.
Act of treachery.
God Bless you. Hope you are well. If you have time can you call Gen Kelly. TY
How many crazy pentagon generals are there? Jeeez
The division needs to stop
Risk of dismissed Bannon peeing in the WH tent surely is lower than the risks associated with keeping him onboard!
While Trump is in the WH. I believe America military Generals should make all the key decisions to keep peace in the WH and worldwide.
Bannon is the most dovish of Trump's advisers.
In essence Trump fears Bannon's loose lips should he let him go. Either way Bannon will destroy the Office of President!
McCain

I'm a constituent
You're a TRAITOR
Fool.
Traitor
joke.
we are so screwed . what a clown show
Don't help. Right now all you touch is toxic as hell. Last thing anybody needs is your endorsement.
These games have to stop! Jeopardizing world peace and millions of lives is not fodder for DJT et al nutjob's version of Survivor. Help!
Trump and Bannon two of a kind. The perfect storm.
Traitorous P.O.S.
There is never a time when speaking up for the American people is traitorous. Selling out to Russia (DJT) THAT'S traitorous.
Proof of your crazy accusation......

U see,  he is a traitorous pos who turned his back on the American ppl. And that is FACT!!!!!!
Source?
Thank goodness the orchestrated campaign to fire McMaster fell flat.
Is Congress going to do anything to reassure all the scared Americans that crazy Trump isn't going to get us into nuclear war with N Korea?

Wow, Becky with the Bad Hair. What part of Russia do you live in?
Are any of senators going to do something about this?
Senate probably can't #FireBannon but Chief of Staff Kelly can and should have by now NK nuclear threat probably a Trump/Bannon idea.
North Korea Nuclear threat was a bannon/trump idea?  You lefties are completely unhinged lunatics.. keep it up
Why did you betray America and your former wife?
?
Who the F$&K give a dam what this turncoat has to say or think. He F&#K the American ppl on Healthcare, what else has he done to us? #GoAway
You are misinformed.
And your point is what? POTUS should defer all decisions to his staff?
The preservation of human life should always be goal. Taking care of planet upmost. Where is the great negotiator?
Trump is dangerous & irresponsible. He does not care for human life, & seeks nukes as a show of force. Nukes should never be an answer
Then you go to NK and Sid down with this idiot and reason with him!! The reason we are in this mess is because of Obama!!
They have no shame, integrity, humanity, kindness or compassion. WH runs their ship as a vindictive force w/out vision, policy or intellect.
Count the costs of letting Bannon stay!
Bannon is a traitor.  http://www.thedailybeast.com/steve-bannon-trumps-top-guy-told-me-he-was-a-leninist …
No thanks.....
Russians hacked everthing for exp @billclinton 's hands @HillaryClinton 

#TrumpRussia #Mega #Putin #Russia https://twitter.com/dmoore_1970/status/894407258150502404/photo/1pic.twitter.com/yeetTbQ3xW 
Takes a traitor to know one.  Fade away little Johnny one-armed bandit and take @MeghanMcCain  and wife with you.
Bottomline, Congress must act now & seek removal of Trump. He & his minions are dangerous to democracy & free world.
Lol...I wouldn't want to be on that ship
Keep pressing Senator!





retire
Time for Bannon to go.
Time for Trump to go.
Time for you to move to Cuba, Venezuela or North Korea. All places that unAmerican Totalitarians and Fascists like you appreciate.
@WSJopinion 
#RetireMcCain

