Sign a 3yr contract. u take 1yr to change gender. 1yr collecting checks with gov payin for it. 1yr ur company doesnt have some1 doin ur job.
Maybe some fact check on that BS -
e4 pay=27k while not doing their job or responsibilities. $140k for surgery.
Thx for that - nothing about the military in there. The cost to the military is ~$8-20mn - a tiny fraction of the total budget.
Do u not get how a company works? Each person has a job. Diff job. That trans person is not there 4 1yr.makin them less combat effective
Those people aren't a burden to the military - their costs are small - I just don't think it should be a political issue
Current post op and back to work ppl are not. The issue is people joining to get free medical care just for that. It happens 24/7
Numbers pls not conjecture...are you saying you disagree with the numbers in the Atlantic?
That's ok as long as we don't use taxpayer dollars for sex changes & hormones.
Or boner bills?
Sounds like bullshit to me.
An article by The Atlantic?? I agree it has a lot of facts and figure in it for the level of this debate but still...
Hormones make people wacko. Transgender suicide rate is 40%. I do not want an emotional hormone pumped trans covering my 6.
What stats do you have of suicides by trans in the military? I just don't think it's a real issue - they serve, we should be proud
Hey, as long as taxpayer money is not used for sex changes. 
If it is then I want new boobs at taxpayer expense.
Join the military then - I'd be proud of you
Why doesn't somebody ask the soldiers who have to actually serve beside these persons, and see what their opinion is. ------
Can they be trusted? Are they trustworthy dependable stable? Who wants to share a bunk room or fox hole or bathroom with them?-------
And US tax $ for sex change operations should not be allowed even if they are in the mil. That's OUR tax $  and most of us don't approve.
Take a minute and read this -
.04-.13 does not sound like a lot but 2.4-8.4 mil. IS a lot that could be used for other things.
I would be a bit more outraged about the $84million per year the military spends on viagra than $8mn on the 12k transgender
Hell, I was promoted twice last year served & was not paid the difference in full ... wrote cong. and they moved the decimal hence less $
U know as well as ne1 who served that it's not a right/that the military is not an all-inclusive employer. But u keep ridin' that PC express
You are more liberal than Pelosi.
We get it McQueen
Get rid of them and move on,too much bull shit
Or put them on front lines
If I were able to reenlist and if the transgender issue is out there ... or if it is allowed, I would not enlist.
Review of what? Social experiments? The milatary is not a place for such things! And you should know that!!
Aren't you glad we're long gone! Ships crashing, transgender... what happened about learning to tie a square knot
Yes Indeed!! This is what happens when you water down the system and have social experiments!Veey dangerous!
Get the transgenders the hell out of the military! And vote McCain the hell out of office! #MAGA 
Why? How is this even an issue again? They want to serve and we should all be thankful they do and be proud. Completely Un- American not to.
It’s not un-American. My taxes are for the military.. not for transgenders to get there parts switched in surgery on my dime! Trump2020
Have a read of this - viagra bill is way more - it's a total non-issue -
Instead of getting rid of transgenders in the military I say we get rid of Trump.
#25thAmendmentNow
It is Not where our tax dollars should be spent. You want a sex change you spend your own money out of your own pocket.
Hopefully just enough time to coincide with the impeachment of Trump so this horrible plan will be reversed.
Should my tax dollars pay for those gender reassignments?
Well, I'd say yes, but there are two separate issues: 1) allowing trans personnel to continue openly serving; 2) paying for medical care
Yes - if they can serve with no special accommodations then they deserve to serve and be treated like all others.
Role back 50+ years and they didn't want blacks either. With that being said, I'm in the fence. I'm a fan of EQUAL rights, not special.
Don't you have some collaborating to do with the Vietnamese?
He's developing a plan to phase them OUT. Let's not lose focus here. These are your brothers and sisters in arms!!
When are you going to gather some GOP leaders and March down to the White House and remove that idiot from power so everyone feels safer
You stumpin' for acts of sedition and treason?
WHY wasn't there a study when Obama changed it to allow trannies in the military. This is our military not a circus! Serious soldiers only!
There was and the military said no there was no issue / worth a read -
Well a study is the only reasonable response to such an irrational and thoughtless order. The study will show LBGTQ should stay in military.

Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
As you well know, @realDonaldTrump has no respect for any service man or woman. Hold your ground, and support our service men and women.
Transgenders have no place in the military. Men & Women focus on fighting a war; risking their lives, not questioning their sexuality.
please go away! you define TERM LIMITS and why they are so necessary. Come out of the closet and say it "I'm DEMOCRAT"
In time of war and the draft ... will you put a trans gender on hold?  Sound like the good ole Nam days of go to college or Run Over To Can.
Time for you to resign... You claim to listen the people but that we the people know is a lie...
Please, соберите в вашу армию всех трансгендеров со всего мира! USA ARMY -это будет сбор шутов и клоунов!
For true hermaphrodites, let them serve. Gender dysphorics are mentally not fit.
Mattis is proving himself to be one of the few stable, thinking people with DJT. THANK God. Still terrified abt DJT & KJU
He'll study it and come to the same conclusion as the president did!
John, the US Military isn't and shouldn't be a social experiment.The Progressive Liberal Agenda has screwed up America for the last 50 years
You have totally lost your mind.
RAND corporation had a study already. When Transgenders were first allowed to enlist. Have we forgotten already? https://www.rand.org/news/press/2016/06/30.html …
Even if a trans remained in the rear in an admin. position (not fair) the money spent would create resentment ... I think its a can of worms
How many millions are being spent on transgender military in Russia and China...if the answer is zero, we don't need to exceed them
IOW, IF China & Russia are not dedicating resources & budgets to develop a transgender military, suggesting we do so is an undermining ploy
Sad to see your still obstructing... please resign...
It's how the constitution works - Trump isn't the emperor - house and Senate provide checks and balances - bad policy doesn't get passed
If it means tax payers flip the bill for there meds and supplies to keep up there sick choice then get them out! Gov should not pay it .....
All u r worried about now sir is liberal issues, why don't u spend ur time focused on passing R&R tax cuts& other issues that matter 2 us
How is this a liberal issue? These are people who want to serve - we should let them and be proud of them
Whatever. McCain is doing anything against Trump. Trans is a small percentage. We have more important issues right now in the country.
So - if they are willing and able to serve we should be thankful and proud.
Not a very American attitude to our armed services
Release your confessions in NAM hero my ass I was in navy at the time you were helping our enemies!
Trump just wants everyone to be robotic white he s trying to recreate the American human race according to him
Retire
He's saving our Country from a Madman. Get well soon Senator, We need you now more then ever.
Nicely played, sir
CC: @realDonaldTrump
You are desperate. Can't believe I voted for you in '08. Sad, despicable man.
Who cares what your point of view is on anything
Why does the Republican Party want us to move backwards instead of forward? This study took a year already and that is why we are here now
We would all be glad to see you retire and go away.  You prove daily how out of touch with the people you work for, you are. Please retire.
Thx God there are checks to @POTUS impulsive, destructive acts !
Inclusiveness is wonderful, but when it comes 2 seeking the lost lamb while the flock plummets fm a cliff, a rational decision must be made.
Do u think he could find a plan to stop the 14,000+ rapes a yr followed by PTSD, suicide/murder - STOP handing out weaponized viagra.
Wise up Rise up Stand up for the American people. Stand up with President Trump
You @SenJohnMcCain really are a Liberal!
No one should be in a position of government authority with brain cancer McCain should be forced to retire
Another situation created by obama. Everything he touched turned bad.
Transgender wrong, left/right alt wrong, W-B- lives matter wrong WTF peeps, all of u quit bitching  about everything ! #Jmacvotewrong
Of course you are. John McCain-D-Arizona
Glad you are glad , stop trashing Trump merely because he did what you could but do, look on the mirror and do what you promised - 7 years!
I hope they talk to military leaders in countries that allow transgender folks to serve...typical BS....I actully think Mattis will support
Ask Senator Tammy Duckworth from IL. She has the right answer for your "plan."
She He It Tranvestites or SHIT for short
Panel conclusion: brave transgender soldiers are worth 10x cowards w/ imaginary bone spurs. Moving on.
Mission accomplished! Thank you, ma'am. You saved the government a lot of money through the application of a tiny bit of common sense.
We have a traitor in the White House sir..... a traitor...
Thankfully we have the generals..
Besides this, someone of high moral standing should explain to the nations police force that Joes infractions were beyond misdemeanors,
If someone is confused about the nature of their genitals what makes you think they will be good warriors in battle?
One of the few comforts I take in this administration is the presence of Gen. Mattis as SecDef.
John you must not worry your President has everything in hand

Ban an insult to our troops. They are professionals and will respect and support each other despite social issues. USA!
Telling troops to hold the line trump is pissing off the. Military bad for him good for the resistance very good
Thought we covered this with Kaitlin Jenner. Seriously? Again?
Prodotti tedeschi tutti contaminati da luridi siciliani e carabinieri
Really? Transgender issues are the most important issue at this point?You need to get a grip. Pay attention to Arizona. We don't care about
#Triggered
You don't even know what day it is. Please resign and let someone, anyone take your seat as senator. You are a mess. America deserves more
How's your tumor?
Yeah McCain, that's pretty important - Transgender in the military. This country is so f'd up because of liberals like you. Retire please.
will transgender soldiers kill transgender enemy soldiers?
Just go away. You're an embarrassment  #traitormccain
Something you might have considered doing BEFORE you banned transgender people from serving.  So much for leadership skills.
Mattis, Kelly and McMaster may be our only hope right now. I had 3 uncles on the ship blocking Russia to Cuba. These times seem scarier now
Crawl in a corner and g I've up.... AS doesn't want your ass any more...
I thought you were a smart man.  WRONG
Senator, I don't understand. What are you for? What are you against? Are you a TRANSPOLITICIAN between 'for' & 'against'? ALWAYS anti-Trump!
That's only because you would of been one of them . #SONGBIRD
You must be proud, doing no good as Republicans, stab President in the back. You and @JeffFlake must change to Democrates, make official
Thank God for a breath of sanity. Just think if GOP Congress finally decide POTUS doesn't uphold oath of office.
You suck, dude! Why are you obsessed with transgenders all of a sudden, eh? 
Good to know some ppl think
You're a freak johnny
They don't belong.
Thank you!! Grateful we have some stability and sanity in Washington #ImpeachTrumpNow
