you were part of the Iranian deal made by Obama, you should be arrested for treason. Maybe a refugee will find you...
sounds like you don't consider #Kurds as  friends ?? We were counting on you and you let us down with such bs tweets
Kurds, their culture, their languade are all Iranian.
Kurds are not Persian , we have our own language, culture, unfortunately our country was taken from us cursively
Only the agents of Israel and US look for creating fake and weak countries to protect Israel superiority
we existed b4 the existence of current Israel, our country was taken from us 100 yrs ago, This has nothing to do with anyone else
Kurds as part of Iranian yes exists but as a separate country has never existed
luckily I'm not in Iran and I'll never be, otherwise yeah the Kurds are deprived of all basic rights,Mulla regime must end one day
Happy Nawruz to you and God Bless. Also thank you for your support of Iranian people's struggle for free Iran.
Maybe we need to investigate your connections with your Iranian friends.
.@SenJohnMcCain Nothing like wishing Iranians living in IRAN happy holidays while they chant death to America and death to Israel.
those who chant death to America don't represent ALL Iranians! #green-revolution2009
and happy nawruz to you
why don't you focus on making sure the elderly and sick Americans have healthcare and are prosperous and joyful!  Huh??
Who put the bee in your bonnet, honey? Slanging hate like a fire sale! Relax. Enjoy a bit of civility.
Don't forget the Indigenous Crimean Tatars, we too celebrate Nevruz:))))
Why wouldn't McCain wish the American people a joyous & prosperous yr? Perfect example of McCain putting foreigners first.
Thank you  so much  Senator John McCain,  we  love you!
Thank you Sir.  You are indeed the champion of what Neda gave her life for #FreeIran.
@JeffersonObama (afghans celebrate too)
so John you need to resign PLEASE
Thank you Senator McCain.
Spare me!
Good to know that you love the Iranians as much as Obama. #RINO
traitor
Lead the way for Russian investigation! You understand the dangers of Putin! Fix this! Trump & Co out!
happy #Nowruz to you and your family ,I wish you The best of all....
u are absolutely crazy, cir
Thank you, Senator! Proud to be an Arizonan.
Thank you my friend! See you in #FreeIran soon!
Happy #Nowruz
John u make me sick your not the person u use to be to bad
Happy Spring to you too. I am a democrat, but l do indeed admire your strength of character. Godspeed Senator McCain
how much of ransom money did u get?. U should b removed for comments made bout Paul on senate floor. U r bitter old man.
If you like them so well why don't you invite them into your home. Start your own sanctuary city!!
I wish, I was resident of Arizona!! Happy Nowrooz to Dear @SenJohnMcCain
thank you so much senator. I appreciate all your kindness and support for a free and democratic Iran.
Happy New Years
thank you so much for supporting people of Iran and their struggles for #freeIran
you are such a putz, time for you to retire or openly declare you are a democratic.
Please Retire
As long as they don't celebrate here according to your boss. Hope you are doing something to take him down.
Thank you, Senator
we are profoundly proud to celebrate the Nawruz knowing we have our Senator McCain with us. Thank you sir and god bless you.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for Nowrouz wishes! We truly appreciate you for standing by the #Iranian for #freeiran.
Bomb Bomb Iran! Do you remember, Senator?
.@SenJohnMcCain happy Nowrouz ! Thank you for all your tireless efforts for a free & democratic #Iran.
#FreeIran @OrgIAC @NCRIUS
thank you very much from our community and for supporting a #FreeIran
thanks for standing by the #Iranian for #freeiran.
... statement not going to help your career John-boy - #TermLimits
. Thank you so much for your kind message to Iranian people. We will never forget your support for free Iran.
When are you going to do something about the psychopath in the White House?
Just don't bother coming to the US for a visit, thanks to Donnie!
Iran is a great civilization! Ancient Iran was so impressive!! Zoroastrianism was important as well!
Corrupt career politician making laws which only pertain to us minions. Why aren't Senators paying SSecurity/Obamacare taxes?
thank you dear Senator .I Hope see you  and hear your #Nowruz wishes in #FreeIran
STOP TRUMP!Russian traitor
I want you to know I believe you are one of the few good guys in DC. Keep up the good work and keep putting us first. THX!
Happy Nawrouz to everyone celebrating 
Thank you dear Sen McCain
Pander much???
kiss ass
Thanked you for calling out Rand...still waiting to hear you call out the rest of the traitors in the WH.
Thank you, Senator McCain.
does this means you are not going to sing "bomb Iran" anymore?!
thank you dear Senator for the beautiful #Nowruz wishes! We hope for a #FreeIran soon!
u rock!
hold the line against that idiot Trump
