Its time this joke of a russian stooge people call the president is impeached.
I agree. McCain..you need to put America first.
John McCain is a good man. Always has been. He's visibly struggling with himself over this. Its time to put country over party.
McCain chose Palin for his VP. McCain has supported everything Trump has pushed, when has McCain in the Senate proved to be a "Good Man"?
McCain has spoken up agnst 45, was behind the dossier at some points, and stayed a POW instead of leaving his men. That gets him pts w/me
He gets points from me for this, too, but he now needs to back his words up with actions.
That's why I said what I did to him. I hope he stays strong and resolute and doesn't back down under party pressure from turtle.
Agree
Stop talking about Russia john McCain
Well he should be for the party stop talking about Russia it's old news
Actually he only won the electorial college.  He is the least popular president after his first 100 days!!!
The #American people  President Trump. Polls have been lying about #TRUMP since day 1. His popularity is well over 50%. Just listen.....
Good job Senator McCain! Keep pushing! I hope @SenBobCorker will get on board too!
"Pushing".. if we get lucky!.. hopefully he will be "pushing" up Daisy's sooner than later..! God bless!
There is no evidence that Russia colluded in the election. #Trumpwongetoverit
Please!!!
If you were so worried about Russia, why did you waste your energy asking Comey ridiculous questions about Hillary's email?
Start charging Obama admin with crimes since they were in charge of security when this happened. Focus old man
resign already
We DON'T need more sanctions on Russia. This is the US trying to drag Russia into another Cold War. Anti-War outlets predicted this would
happen months ago.
An entire country is looking to you right now sir. Fix this mess.
@SenJohnMcCain has a real opportunity to show integrity/character he says he values. We know he has the gumption, if he'd just tap into it!
The only gumption needed right now from the male version of senile Pelosi is to retire..! Quickly for the love of God & country 
As a soldier, is yesterday's dictatorial moment what you defended?  Or a free nation? Time to do something.  Trump must be stopped.
The #American people  President Trump. Polls have been lying about #TRUMP since day 1. His popularity is well over 50%. Just listen.
Sure it is!!  What fantasy land are you living in???
PLEASE POINT OUT ALL SENATORS & CONGRESSMEN
WHO DON'T SUPPORT THESE  APPROPRIATIONS & BILLS
NAMES!
ur just a hack for the Democrats
WHY didn't Obama go after Russia, since he knew they were trying to hack our elections. Obama interfered with Israels election big time.
@SenateGOP Please for the sake of our country have @SenJohnMcCain step down with some sense of dignity before he totally implodes in public
Why don't you say something nice?  He just found out that he has brain cancer!!  Have a heart!!!
We're waiting. Window dressing, or serious effort to punish Russia?
Don't ever stop being tough on Russia. U r a far better man than Trump & he knows it. U served ur country. He only serves himself.
Do SOMETHING. Stop talking and DO SOMETHING.
Your voters are disgusted that you would back #Comney instead of Pres. Trump. And you never investigated the numerous Pres. Obamas scandals.
What scandals???
John, your career is winding down. You've served your country well.Above and beyond the call of duty. Let your legacy end w/ taking down 45.
But your wife is taking a post in this treasonous administration? Seriously? You caved?? YOU?! I've voted for you in every election. #regret
If Trump does NOT sign off on Congress' proposed sanctions against Russia, what R the odds Congress overrides & imposes anyway #Complicity?
So was it ok for Obama to interfere with Israel's elections?  10 months of hearings and nada to show for it.

@SenJohnMcCain did similar aft last election. Censured by Maricopa Cty GOP. Then allowed to run again by the party. How does AZ do that?
Good question
It's time u retire and get out of the way of progress
The #American people  President Trump. Polls have been lying about #TRUMP since day 1. His popularity is well over 50%. Just listen....
The fact pollsters think we will trust their polls (any poll) after they ALL got waxed in November is laughable! #GoTrump #MAGA
I'm sorry, my mistake, thought I was messaging a conservative! #TermLimits #VoteOutTheRhinos #OathKeeps which your not! @senjohnmccain 4 DNC

What goes around, comes around! Gotcha, #Warmongers puppet! #McCain collusion with #deepstate and #Dems is evident
You dont think we interfer in elections what about bo's involvment in elections in the middle east
Time to retire. We the people will fight for term limits
Your a Democrat in GOP disguise
Stop the rhetoric it is fake news.
Its time for you to support your President and constituents that elected you instead of obstructing justice!
offer proof or STHU. please retire, you are losing it. even #Comey was confused by your "questions"

And yet you allow Obama to be involved in Israel and Brexit elections.  You produced false intelligence in Dec, and then never apologized.
You continue to embarrass our great state. Envious of Trump much? Respect our president. Fall in line.
Where is the proof? Why didn't you put this effort into exposing Maxine Waters, Hillary's, Obama's, Podesta's Russian connections?
It's time you retire John.
It's time for Hillary Clinton, James Comey, Loretta Lynch, and Barack Obama to go to jail
If you HAVE ANY proof at ALL of this Russia story--PRODUCE IT!! Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn their server over to the FBI?
How exactly did Russia attack our election? Please explain what they did. Russia sure didn't influence me, you hack.
please resign, you are no longer on the side of #Americans
Mr mcCain, time to move on and get taxes and health care replaced and repealed!
@SenJohnMcCain Your anger and bitterness at losing in 08 shines through everyday. Either get over being jealous of @POTUS or join democrats!
Please step down @SenJohnMcCain and go away quietly Sir... You're embarrassing yourself more and more... It's time for your retirement
J McCain we know u r a patriot before a republican.USA has been attacked! DT doesn't seem to care. We need u 2 defend USA AGAIN!!!
please try to refrain from bad mouthing the President.
Sen McCain it is time for yo to retire.
the Prsdnt U support has done irreperable harm to our country, democracy and the presidency in general stop putting part above country!!
It is time for you to retire; obvisouly your brain ain't working anymore
It's time that someone makes #McCain disappear!
What about the sanctions against the FBI, NSA, Obama, Clinton &  other deep state personnel? Quit just making faces at unlawful behavior.
Great speech. Retire now.
Great 
Yeah but it was such a benefit to the GOP
Russia's cyber attack happened on your watch old man. Obama&minions conspired and spied while you trashed Trump. Get it together or resign.
Kind of curious Trump reversed the sanctions so quickly.
You a had chance to talk Russia very publicly yesterday. Instead you appeared drunk & dumb & all Clinton talk. Why didn't you BENGHAZI! too?
#SenJohnMcCain #isis #SaudiArabia  #terorrist #usa #iran #syria  #iraq #supportingterrorism
How about you STAND UP for 800,000 AZ residents who are going to be charged $25,000/yr healthcare?? Find your spine, VOTE #CountryOverParty
Stop worrying about Russia and worry about the damn Middle East and the invaders you allow over here!
McCain near FREED Russia with his stupid questions.  Resign !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you should sit down and SHUT THE HECK UP
Guess that you no longer can bash the President you now want to get to work.  Let us worry about passing laws and doing what is best.
That's fine but don't you DARE bring your party down. Please Retire!
How about you start putting country before party?!? The American ppl know the WH is rotten from the head down. We want action, NOW!
Hold that podium up @SenJohnMcCain . And be sure to take an antidote to that Russian caviar and vodka you indulged in before the Comey mting
Also while at it Senator please link Putin to the assasination of President Garfield and President McKinley.
It's time to flood Moscow with American prostitutes
Too bad u flubbed the Comey questions. Hillary's emails?! U have endangered our country by not resisting Trump. Time for u to retire.
I'm so glad you're on this Sen McCain.
Now if u could ask Sen Flake to resist a rule 14 on ACA,I'd be even happier with you, but not issue.
@SenJohnMcCain both ends of #trumprussia need to be delt with but it appears you too have sold your soul to Trump #impeach45 #firethegop
Time to retire old man, your brain isn't functioning, kind of reminds me of your companion in crime HRC.
Fake,  fake old news that's not true an if they did so what that is not what middle America cares about ,,
Why didn't you you say anything to Obama for interfering with Israel elections ,an he is undermining Trump like you are,, singing bird
Really Mccain?! Did you forget to drink your Ensure today? Why were emails brought up? Past History. I would be worried on hacked election.
Why don't u get 2 work instead of constantly talking about Russia. Ur obsessed. Intel is investigating. U know anything about the leakers?
All of this such a waste of time & taxpayers money. Americans need govt working for them to improve QOL. GET OUT OF THE WAY MCCAIN
Mcain please just stop we no sorros an Hillary started that ,an who is black mailing you to keep that going
Calling for assessment of ur ability to perform the duties of Senator. Bizarre behavior #SongbirdMcCain #Traitor
How about Trump and his comrades John?
Show the evidence that Russia did this in U.S. elections to the American people so you will be credible! Talk is cheap Senator!
About time some country stood up to putin!
Why didn't you ask questions about Russia, you were stuck on Clinton's email.
Overblown
John, WTF were you trying to ask Comey?? He DID NOT issue any statement on the Russia investigation... concluded or not!!
Funny, you didn't ask Q abt it in hearing. Except why Clinton isn't being investigated? For being hacked? I think?
And what price is that, Senator? Words, words, nothing but words & no action. POTUS is on the verge of a coup & Congress is farting around!
You should pay a price for being such a Head, JOB
Are you serious? You had the chance to ask questions today and your shifted focus to Hillary. You're not tough on anything. Just stop.
June 17th He Said This
McCain-we need an independent investigation into Russia.Instead of condeming Traitor trump blames Hillary. Russian Mafia Thug Intimidation
June 15, 2016  a rural Grandma got 39 Files labeled "Brexit" that shut down my facebook page. Report is public "@TrendMicro   #DNChack.
Thank you. They need to pay a heavy price.  Heavy.
Hacking has ruined 3 used computers 1st election integrity for 20 yrs then in June15 I was hit by russians on grandma's facebook! I pray for

Well said that man!
What is taking so long? How deep into disrupting our Democracy are they going to get before there are consequences?! ACT NOW!!
Oh please. Your pathetic excuse of watching baseball doesn't hide your enfeebled questioning or your slavering loyalty to trump
Yeah, sure.  Where are those sanctions?
Please impeach trump he is not fit to run our country.he is not trustworthy to protect this country.I wouldn't trust my dog with him
Really? When you were all about Hillary Clinton today instead? Who can we believe nowadays? Smh
But but Hillary...
Xanax 3x1 and regular weekly inspection by a psychiatrist.
So your way of getting down to Russia issue was to go after a stupid line of questioning about a CLOSED Clinton investigation? Misdirected!
Why were you focused on absolving 45 in your questioning of Comey? Let's get to the bottom of the intervention regardless of what it reveals
It's time you stop pretending to care
Wate i thought republicans was the party for Russia
Are you going to talk about Clinton the entire time here too? Seems like that's all you're interested in.
But, sir, when are YOU going to admit that your president and his staff were in touch with Russia and traded his election for no sanctions?
Oh look he's coherent
So why were you layering HILLARY CLINTON in on this to smear HER & uplift Tryant in White House & uplift RUSSIA! You need a MEDIC w/Trump!!!
And Hillary's emails, since you apparently mistakenly believe that has something to do with Russia...
@chucktodd @maddow @MSNBC #johnMcCain sounded #ridiculous #silly #LostInSpace @GOP has got to go!!! #trump is in bed with #putin 
No need to attack Comey Senator McCain. Just a reminder he has been fired unjustly just in case you forgot at your age
Does California need Siberian water resources?
Yes!  And please, what are you doing on Qatar?!
Really? Because during your questioning of Comey it sounded like you only cared about Hillary Clinton not the United States!
You embarrassed yourself today and chose party over country. I am shocked and disappointed
The ONE Rep i had faith in and man you let me down! ask about them damn emails.....OMG OMG OMG OMG! smh...you talk a lot of chit dont you
I cant get over this video and your post....after what you COWERED OUT ON TODAY?? ask about emails.....DAMN....Really did u forget or what?
Agreed, so why are you asking Comey about Clinton emails?
So why were you such a FOOL  today? When did you stop caring about your country and only about yourself?  Very very disappointing
oh big bad john talks all about Russia HERE but not where he should have...DUDE RETIRE ALREADY i think your mind is slipping
Then why were you fixated on Hillary Clinton???
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump YOU NEED TO RESIGN MCCAIN...WE NEED TERM LIMITS AND AGE LIMITS ON CONGRESS...2 TERMS AND/OR 80 AND OUT
Where was this Senator McCain at Comey hearing?
Well you are a raving loony
or you can just talk about the Clinton emails...
John McCain needs to retire he sound like an old man who has lost his direction
You should have negotiations for an alliance with @JZarif
We should team up with Iran against Russia and Saudi Arabia
The leader of your party doesn't think so.
We say this again @SenJohnMcCain is a coward and a traitor to our country. He is complicit and defends the interest of Vladimir Putin.
The people of America have paid the price, we have a mentally unstable, pathological liar running our country into the ground!
Please save is from the madness
Really McCain? So, that means that Trump is not legitimate doesn't it?
The fruit of #Russia's attack on our election is in the WH. Before #Russia pays, we must cut out that cancer.
Go ahead.  Do something other than just talking about it.
Better yet- an election do-over!
First you have to show us where there was collusion and WHEN, you have not yet. One year of investigations and you guys have NOTHING, sad
Senator Mc Cain,  In all sincerity,  you would do us a favor if you joined the Democrat party.  It would make the Az. GOP primaries easier.
Why is this guy still running his lips!
Proud of you! You must be the person who represents us!
We all will be happy when this rhino is replaced with someone who honors the constitution
Russia has been involved in USA Elections for years. How come you said nothing when  Obama was involved in Israel's elections?
Yeah but you got caught so...
All talk no action !!
@BrianCarr33 Brian? Thoughts?
The video cut out right before he said "and I will do everything in my power to vote yes on every Trump policy"
I noticed you didn't interrupt Sen King yesterday; DO NOT do it again to Sen Harris ... your misogyny was showing
