I respect your ability to stand up against tyranny and speak truth to power. I don't always agree with you, but I always respect you. B well
Truth. I dont often agree w Sen. McCain but he is principled and speaks his truth to power. A brave good man tou are
The Vietcong couldn't break his spirit! 
You're EVIL McCain. And it's YOU who's going down. Not Assad. Sweet Justice.
@acbe OMG you are an evil person Mands.
Don't care WHAT your politics are.  I send all my positive thoughts to You Senator.  My fellow Naval Veteran!!   
How lucky to have such great man for a dad...we love him too
Some may differ with the Senator on some of his views.  However,the time is a hand as Americans we must pray for him and his family 
I'm a cancer survivor and wishing you all the best. I hope you'll continue to fight for us all.
You are a bad person. Fry
From iran 27 years old i have cancer too i hope health with my heart for u
Why didn't he go to a VA HOSPITAL? And he likes Obamacare so much for the American people why don't he use it?
Meghan , please don't go back to Fox. It's beneath you n your father.
I don't live is AZ, but as a fellow veteran I want you to know there are a lot of us out here who do view you as a hero.
Speaking of veterans... how's the VA treating McCain? Oh wait.... 
Tough? Joke! More like corrupt traitor to the people of AZ and USA! U Soros puppet , retire and quit hurting the country I love!
What she wrote was moving, and honorable. 

Even though I have disagreed with you on a lot, I am very glad to see you returning to action!
Contact Inovio, this trial for what you have starting soon. Maybe save your life. Co. No Serious Side Effects ever
 http://ir.inovio.com/m/#/Press_Releases/0d232aa3-00a7-4139-bd41-25ef8474099e …
Meghan McCain is every father's dream. A wonderful loving confidente. Well preferred over miss IT because Meighan keeps it real
why is her hair orange @MeganMcCain
Cannabis Oil is worth the shot to try in conjunction with your father's therapy.
Truly a great American hero. Godspeed to good health Sir!
Praying for you and your family. May the Lord bless you and keep you, cause his face to shine upon you and give you peace.
A seriously straight principled man. I wish you well sir.
All of us, whether on the right or on the left, are wishing the best for you. I'm praying for you.
Half of your followers are fake like the orange hair chick @meganmccain
My heartfelt well wishes to you senator as you fight cancer....A hero and a good human being, be strong. Love, from Chicago.
You are a tiger! Keep fighting! Many prayers for you!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family.  You've always served your country well and we are grateful.
So tough that he got lots of people killed by being a traitor. #notahero #Karma
Good thing you don't have Trumpcare.
#ImpeachTrump for God's sake. And wishing you a speedy recovery. You're a real American. Unlike @realDonaldTrump
Will you trust your health to the VA in your state?The worst VA in the country?I'll consider you a "hero" if you do. Still a"Songbird" to me
McCain is no hero. A man who talks loud and says nothing!   How do you justify your obstruction of POW and MIA investigations. Shame on you
Prayers for a speedy and full recovery! XO
I have faith that he will defeat this illness, he is strong military man and have gone through much
You are an honest man and that's why you are so well respected. Our prayers are always with you.
Respect to this man of men
Praying for healing. #OneNationUnderGod
My prayers are with you and your family, Senator.
God Father of Head Chopper ISIS, hope he dies a painful death and burns in hell. He is behind tens of thousands death in Iraq and in Syria.
I bet he is not getting treatment from the VA!!!
He is the most democrat I know!
hey John we like u in New Zealand so it goes without saying"getup & kick that cancer's butt"
He's a kiddy fiddling c--t who works for the Rothschilds you deranged people! He deseves all the pain and torment which he has put on others
Senator & family, u all r in my heart, thoughts, prayers. Maybe we don't c eye 2 eye at times: so what! U have been a real inspiration, sir!
Let me give you a piece of advice, you should try alternative therapies before you take chemotherapy or radiation treatments.
It is to change your life style and eating more vegetables and fruits and to avoid eating sugar and baked meats.
@SenJohnMcCain I am a proud democrat telling you what great admiration I have for the man you are!  Get well soon!  Our country needs you!
The country needs you to be a hero again & stand up for our country. It is in the grips of a repressive regime. Don't let it happen.
Yes, real tough sending other people`s sons & daughters to war in the M-E & is still calling for more from his death bed @SenJohnMcCain
My father had this. Take every moment you can,  do all the things you never took time to do. Fight for all the time you can get. Love to you
Prayers for McCain! Maybe now we can find a cure for this & ovarian cancer, two of the toughest, never know until it's too late!
God bless you Mr. McCain and your family. I watch your beautiful daughter on Fox and think she is so great! I know you will beat this too!!
Always have loved Sen John McCain!! He is literally AMERICA'S Hero & we are fervently praying he beats this and return stronger! Get well!!
Praying for you and your family for a full recovery
Dear Sen. McCain get well soon. My prayers are with you.
Your daughter is right! You ARE tough! Even though we have different political views, I'm in your corner, Sen McCain! Fight hard! Beat this!
Hoping for a speedy recovery!
No one w/brain cancer should be casting votes. Your condition effects your decision making abilities. Please retire with dignity.
Isn't that up to his MD's to help him decide?....
I think a senator should be of sound mind and body and not require help to make decisions
A lovely statement by your daughter.  Wish you and your family well.
@GOP Good luck Senator McCain in your treatment, hope for you and many others that new treatments can beat this. @PHIAtweets @CCME_com
My first presidential vote was in 1972 for McGovern; supported Bernie last year.  Despite differences, have always respected you.  Godspeed.
While he's sick. Think carefully about that insurance he is enjoying noe. Paid by WE THE PEOPLE. And how he wants to deny us the dame.
My prayers are with you at this time.
As a life-long democrat, I'm proud to say that I'm also one of your life-long admirers.  Fight on!!!
I'm a Democrat. I have always respected you as a man of character and a hero. I wish you all the best, sir. Get well soon.
those tits tho
Tough on the wrong side of many issues many would argue.
@SenJohnMcCain , American Hero to whom we owe a world of gratitude. Praying for your triumphant victory over cancer. Be strong God bless you
Senator McCain as a Democrat and Navy veteran from North Carolina we wish a speedy recovery and look forward to your return in Washington!
https://pro.hsi.onlineorders.net  reports: DBX=13 dissolved cancer in weeks, no bad side effects. Worth a try?
Praying for your family
Tougher than me!
God bless him and his family. I don't agree with his politics but I pray for him.
Thoughts and prayers for the McCain family.
@SenJohnMcCain is harder than woodpecker lips
Wishing you and your family all the best. Get well soon we need you in congress
There is no doubt, he's a tough son-of-a-B. Rally McCain!  Hoping the good that comes from this health crisis is more support for Americans.
My prayers to you dad and your family. Blessings
Prayers & well wishes for an American hero (in oh so many ways), from yet another admirer.
prayers are coming your way. Stay strong!
He is a hero like no other, as a veteran I am proud of him. Something tells me cancers gonna get an ass whoopin!
1
God bless, our biggest voice and most powerful man in Washington.
@SenJohnMcCain is an embarrassment, a traitor&a DISGRACE
Americans CANT STAND McCain
He's a Democrat&a Soros PUPPET
Audit McCain Institute!!
My prayer is for your speedy recovery Senator.  My thought is GBM treatment @UT's MDAnderson.  Dr. Lawrence Cooper.  See you soon Sir!
We wish him well
TOUGHEST McCAIN MAY FIND SIMPLE SOLUTIONS TO TOUGH HEALTH AT
http://prafullvijayakar.com 
OR
Prayers going up
Best of luck to you and your family. You are truly one of the best of what represents being an American. --from a lifelong Democrat.
You are such a classy, real true hero.tons of respect for you.Prayers for you and your family during this difficult time.
Prayers for you Mr McCain. My brother has battled brain cancer for many years. Don't let this diagnosis stop you
MUST READ!  #Arizona #AZCardinals #AZ #AZGOP #AZDNC #SILKWAY #ARSENAL
What a beautiful heartfelt statement, Meghan. Your dad is not only a hero to you but to America. God Bless you all!
I'm praying for you Senator Mc Cain. I believe you are one GREAT AMERICAN
Very sorry to hear of your diagnosis and we will be praying for you and your family. God Bless You John McCain.
Sen McCain,I am a Dem and I have always admired u Just so u know. My prayers r with u and ur family.  Love to u and ur family. N Jones
@SenJohnMcCain You are a man of principles and morals. As an Army brat I admire you for your bravery and courage. Keep moving forward!
You are in my prayers!
My dad was diagnosed with a glioblastoma in '85. He lived until '01.  It IS possible to do quite well.  Many prayers, much respect.
Prayers said for your speedy recovery 
Glad he's your dad and not mine
Dear Sen. McCain, It is Heros like you that have already made America Great! Thank you for all your service.  You are in my prayers. 
No hero. An American fool is more like it.
A class act unlike others

You are a true warrior and you WILL beat this. America is praying for you!
Fight the good fight. You are a warrior for this country. Have served her faithfully. Praying for you and family.God Bless
Did daddy pay for the floaters

Cover up already
He's the biggest RINO POS I know time to retire his old ass your service is no longer needed

Prayers for your dad, you & family, Meghan
true public service #Hero
Prayers for your Dad to beat this set back.  Courage and Faith.
Sending you prayers and strength and love to give this battle your bestYou can do this!!
That being said it's time to defend you potus and stop acting like a liberal democRAT
Speedy recovery and I do think for first time cancer has met its match .. kick ass senator and  God Bless you and yours !
Seen some vile comments and while no fan of his I do not wish him ill and u all saying u hope he suffers just remember KARMA is A BITCH

“Depleted” uranium : From Mavericks to Maverick ? John McCain diagnosed with brain cancer https://florentpirotblog.wordpress.com/2017/07/20/depleted-uranium-from-mavericks-to-maverick-john-mccain-diagnosed-with-brain-cancer/ …
I̤̮ a̤̮m̤̮ p̤̮r̤̮a̤̮y̤̮i̤̮n̤̮g̤̮ f̤̮o̤̮r̤̮ h̤̮i̤̮m̤̮
May God Bless senator. Isaiah 40:31.
sending prayers and blessings to a true american hero. I may be a Dem but always found you to be sincere and honest.
Why doesn't he n DC politicians have obamacare..
Why r American paying 75% of his healthcare cost
He thinks he's better but definitely not..
EBC-46. It's a new pharmacuetical drug in Australia that can cure a cancer tumor in a week. I hope this can help you
Hope you get well after treatment. America needs you @azcentral
Tough 4 his left leaning agenda n ideology...Amnesty / migraine Muslims/not allowed to search mosques, Americans pay 75% of his healthcare
In recent yrs @SenJohnMcCain you've stood by #Iran'ian pple in our fight 4 #FreeIran, we are by your side today in your fight against cancer
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this time .. keep fighting !!
Get well soon, @SenJohnMcCain . Sending you much love and hope.
День твой смерти, национальной праздник в Сирии, Ливии и Малоросы отметят этот праздник! Давай не задерживайся, тварь!

Сдохнешь, скоро сука!!!
Bless you, Sir and prayers for a very speedy recovery!
I wish you and your family the strength to deal with this challenge. Your service is appreciated by your fellow Americans.
True!
Hope you get well soon
she must not know very many people.
Why do you feel the need to say this shit. He most likely won't survive this type of cancer sadley so I'm not sure why you are mocking him.

There is no endless life even for warmongers and killers like u.Ull pay for everything http://above.World  terrorism is going to end.
God Bless Senator John Wayne MCCAIN
Dem. Progressive here & just wanted to say my thoughts & prayers are w/ you. John McCain is a war hero who loved America & her ppl. 
Seriously @mrymaln35 your extreme right-wing propaganda isn't fooling anyone. John McCain is an American hero, period!
https://www.amazon.co.uk/first-30-days-death-Griffin-ebook/dp/B01IADAVIO/ref=sr_1_21?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1500575926&sr=1-21 …
I'm an Ohio Dem, praying for you and yours,with great respect and many thanks for all you've given America. Come back in great health.
Get well soon Sir: I am on the opposite side of the aisle politically, but I have always respected you greatly.
Well said, Linda!
Very beautiful #McCainStrong
At least you have the financial resources 2 fight it,think of those ppl you& GOP Senators want 2 deny insurance & have 2 die without dignity
Lots of love and prayers!  One of my PA cousins (the late Steve Paine) served with you, I believe. He admired you, I know.
Praying for your healing. You are loved around the world! Thank you for your courage, justice, integrity. Thank you for supporting #Ukraine!
We're praying for you Senator  Get well compadre! 
That's "not nice!"
Your comment is nothing to be proud of. It shows immaturity.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you, Senator McCain.
Senator. All the best in this fight.  My prayers are with you
I am just so glad that we provide him with healthcare that covers pre existing conditions! Aren't you?
look into Ozone and Immune Therapy before Chemo. Get Maverick on it!
Meghan be strong and wait and pray.
Everything may be and happen if
God Wants it.
Silvio Rome Italy
Sounds like you've been a wonderful father.
Wishing you well sir. We all are. God Bless 
Awe .....sending more 
Prayers go out to you Senator Maverick and your family for a good treatment and recovery.
