RUSSIA
Why is there a picture of you on Natalia Veselnitskaya's FaceBook page?
Time 4u 2 step up &be a patriot. Put country over party. US can't allow a Putin henchmen traitor 2 lead FBI. Vote no on Wray! #TrumpRussia
Regardless of the fact that he gave 2 ur campaign. Stay strong, ur country needs u!
#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
Wray is another Putin Puppet.  Stand up &stop selling our democracy 2 #TrumpPutin piece by piece. Redeem urself
Oh sweetie-I can differentiate b/w truth &propaganda. If u aren't a  troll, I feel pity 4u. Ur hate 4 50% of is blinding u 2 reality
Christopher Wray has ties to Russia. His firm represents a Russian co., Rosneft. We DON'T need an FBI Director with ties to the Kremlin!
Stop attacking @POTUS  
Legal Liberal expert Alan Dershowitz doesn't believe Donald Trump Jr. committed a crime
McCain making outlandish statements to help @theDemocrats but will NEVER actually say what law was broken - since none were = pure COWARD
Stand up to Trump instead of colluding with his support of Russia!  Country first! GOP will be the minority for decades to come!
Why do you have connections with Natalie Veselnitskaya? Tons of pics on twitter! Maybe @MeghanMcCain can discuss on @OutnumberedFNC. Waiting


The same true with Crazy Guard in Dem Party. U all need to go asap. U and Nancy lead the list.
Word is there's a big GOP senator's meeting tomorrow. Your Arizona constituents are counting on you to vote NO to TRUMPCARE!
you are in on this Russian hysteria so deep. Why was the Russian attorney in your office! Hmmmm

We lived with Treason for 8 long years and NOBODY did anything about it!
What's this John?
Please, please PLEASE be the first GOP Senator who calls for action against the Trump family's treason. Please - DO SOMETHING.



Maybe another chance to say something bad about Trump. U miss very few. Retire or announce u have joined Dem Party.

John McCain faces questions in Trump-Russia dossier case http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article160622854.html …

National whacko bird snowflake trolls are still stalking the Arizona senator. How much are you getting paid? And where can I sign up?
What kills me is I know you know how messed up this whole Trump-thing is yet you fail to speak out! Remember your comrades who died for US?
Hey John! Can you tell us why you met with Veselnitskaya? You know that Russian that no one is suppose to meet with? What was that about?
Don't forget to bring your Russian-English dictionary!
You are behind a lot of this Russian crap John and it's going to come out you need questioned
Have you also sold out to the Russians? Does Jacob Rothschild contribute to your campaigns?
Is this why you're complicit ?
What did she mean by this? Really makes you think...
Why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance?
Where are you CONDEMNING all this? Country before party sir?
The craziest part of all of this is that there's not one Republican who wants to become one of the greatest Americans of all time.
I have no more faith in you than I do #POSpotus. You could have done great things. Instead you let us all down. Please stop tweeting.
I think we are all aghast at DJT Jr. Hard to focus on progress until this kleptocracy is over.
How about getting some people confirmed?
TRAITOR!!!
Check into Kushner.
Please stand for the rule of law- I have faith in you
Don't confirm anybody until Russiagate is settled. These people are probably not ones that we want in our government
I wish lived in your state obvious you hate POTUS and do nothing but obstruct like all the Dems do You need to retire #WethePeopleHadEnough
Why don't you just go home because you don't do anything you are a useless as tits on a bull
About time. I'll believe it when I see it.
Senator, PLEASE be objective, and continue being a MAVERICK.  I trust you will continue to keep our country free of RUSSIAN INFLUENCE.
Too late, he's failed at that
Can you please just stop for a minute and take care of this Trump thing?
Do the right thing Senator McCain
All Trump nominees must be assumed to be Russian agents. Why are you pretending otherwise? Treason?
He not.  He's a wife beater and a sellout.
True story of #Syria
moderate rebels turned Nusra AlQaeda terrorists
Pls follow  @ShehabiFares 


#BringBackObama
U need to step down asap
Stand up, Sir! We need your continued vigilance about Russian issues!
Why does the GOP want to take 22 million Americans' health care away and turn it into $100s of billions of tax giveaways for the rich?

What type of scandal will Trump create to distract from the #TrumpRussia scandal?

