please stand up for America we been taken over by a Putin &trump
I have different views than u but I have great respect for u!
No Supreme Court vote while trump is under FBI investigation.
Reminding people that because John McCain's treasonous acts in Vietnam.cost the lives of many airmen.
Stop dishonoring a true American hero.  McCain is anything but treasonous. He risked his life as a brave POW at the Hanoi "Hilton." 
he was protected because of his daddy.
He's a hero. Plain and simple. And a wonderful patriotic Senator. 
Thank you John McCain for your continued work to protect democracy in this country and others.
Yeah?? He sold out your Internet privacy
I agree with you.  Bad vote and as all Repubs, business advocate.  No one else benefits.
most people in their 80s have lost their mental capacity.
he's a real maverick.  The press just loves him. He's a war hero you know? He's a real POS in the sen.
Are you doing something about the Russians???  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I tuned in & you suck ! Quit feeding ammo to your democrat friends & start supporting Pres. Trump OR better yet....RETIRE, ur useless !
its over shut it down
#nuclearoption...no choice? You could have confirmed the one that was nominated. #gorsuch lifetime illigitimacy.
Why do you feel it's okay to put a price tag on  our Internet security ?!
JOHN MCCAIN!  you voted against my health!! When you undermine the health of me & my sister's you undermine the health of every family.  WTF
Watched CNN interview, I a bigger fan of u . Thank u Sir for everything u do for this country love
And what service have you done for this country? He suffered serving this country..so what is your version of traitor? It should be Trump.
Just some Senate perks John? what a coupe not a job. Government gone south forever?  Do something we can be proud of...please!
McCain takes his orders from Geo Soros.  McCain is a total corrupt POS and no hero.
How many jets did you crash before you got caught I know some of your buddies in camp didn't think a lot of you
I no longer believe Trump won election legitimately. Our gov't is a fiasco. Impeach and arrest Trump.
TOWN HALL!!! WE ARE WAITING
All Americans believe in your honesty.!you know evil forces have taking over this country please help us ,the world needs you to stop them
I go against Trump because I known the media put on  tv!His a joke.
Senator McCain is a true American and represents a standard of Leadership that others should aspire to
you are the biggest crook no more career politicians you are no hero that is for sure
you r a discredited and disgusting sen. You did it all for Obama and now y r doing everything against
Senator McCain please retire. You no longer represent the will of the people. #MAGA

Still jealous your not president? It shows. You sure spend a lot of time at fake news channels.Afraid of fox?They would tear your lies apart
Who cares
Sen McCain I am no Republican But I would Vote for you
Retire already
Great interview @SenJohnMcCain keep us safe!
THE LIAR FAKE NEWS NETWORKS...WHY  THIS SENATOR THERE NO BODY WATCHES OR BELIEVES THEM,  SENATOR HAS FRIENDS THERE!??  TRUMP HATERS
Getting ready to turn on his own by blaming @DevinNunes for @RepAdamSchiff partisanship on #Intelligencecommittee. Shameful!
Sorry. Quit watching, you never have a good thing to say about your own party.  How about taking up the illegal surveillance issue?
McCain deserves all the disrespect he shows our President. AZ should b ashamed they put this traitor in office & should recall the old fool
You are an accessory to FAKE news and innuendo.  Take the knife out of the GOP!
Saw you today, you need to have a talk to the Sect of State to explain the Middle East to him
Yowza. Ring check.
JOIN THE DAMN DEMOCRAT PARTY. We don't want anti Republicans in our party like u. But u won't do it because there will be no more TV slots
https://youtu.be/s8Og2bYsPTM 
ABC...fake news dem mouthpiece network... This will just make you appear less credible
We need you to be the leader of our land! Stop this madness! Americans are petrified of our future with trumo
They have been investigating Russia ties &election since July where are the facts to back up the rhetoric?
Will @ThisWeekABC ever ask you about your relationship is Syrian ISIS folks?
Why should i tune in to listen to your un-American trader ass
Retire now!! Tell your daddy to stop @MeghanMcCain
You're upset w/ Russia interference in US election where's the outrage over Obama's interference w/Israel&Canada
who is the hot girl in the chair?
