Hey Senator - potus is an unhinged MadMan. Please get better soon. We need a hero to stop him!
Huh?
Sorry. I really don't have time for stupid people. -*Accident
*high
Why would anyone read WSJ. Fake news
And...#Trump is picking fights worldwide
God Bless you SIR
This is what 8 yrs of Obama get ya
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty cover-up on #MemorialDay in #SanDiego https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #Navy #USNavy
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty cover-up & #Media Accomplices: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #Navy #USNavy #SOT
/@AmericanLegion calls on #Congress to investigate #Israel attack on #USSLiberty: http://usslibertyveterans.org/files/USS%20Liberty%20Reaolution%20Passed%20by%20AL.mp4 … #Navy
@USMC @AmericanLegion Traitor @SenJohnMcCain refuses to investigate #USSLiberty attack: http://www.military.com/daily-news/2013/06/07/liberty-survivors-invoke-benghazi.html … #Navy #USNavy
McCain has reached his breaking point, not keeping his promises. He is mad because he couldn't win presidency. Time for McCain to go.
W/ Trump I'm not gonna be surprised if he's already transferred our military secrets to Putin. Navy ships will be the least of our problems!
That would be #DirtyDebbie wasserman schultz and sex slave Awan the IT guy. Also McCain provides the Russian dossier.
That moron has 84k followers. That's REALLY frightening! Muted him.
There's a fair bit of info available. Here's 2 from a 2010!! Surface Warfare Review. 

Still looking for the entire thing. 
It's brutal.
I think we should name the USS John McCain the flip-flopper
Are you caertain the ship wasn't purposely rammed? Where is the proof it wasn't?
How do they name a ship after this man please anyone fill me in .. How does the navy name a war ship after A SHITBAG !!!!!
Thank you for your sevice to our country we are praying for your speedy recovery. God bless you and your family.
"Navy ships have radars, crew standing watch ...and computers that calculate other vessels’ speed, direction and closest point of approach"
No they did that when they let the Singing Canary (you) join.
Some say Armed Forces are under supported: but maybe they are instead over extended. Please do better at explaining why US should be hawkish
If you people had stood up to Obama then navy would not be at it's breaking point. You are part of the problem here.
I think you did more damage to the Forestall when you crashed your jet.
No! They suffered under Obamas feckless leadership and PC bs. So glad he's gone. Now they can train for real..... again!
I gotta think some electronic hacking occurred.
#cuthecord #trump
2 me it's odd as 2 where it's happening. Not hap nowhere else in world, just w pac around n ko

Has it? Sad DT ignored this tragedy! Your father and these servicemen deserved a mention. So brave! Get well soon HERO.
Can't you point me the section in The Constitution that says we are responsible for policing the world, even if it means destroying America?
If this were 100 years ago you might have an argument. But the global space is effectively much smaller than it was. It's order is essential
If this is order, we're doomed. Oh wait, we are doomed because neo-cons believe we can impose democracy by killing Americans and civilians
Hardly. NATO and our Asian alliances are not "neo-con". They provide the foundation of global security, relative peace and trade. Vital.
I meant the neo-cons that control US Foreign policy. You know, the policy that's failed since Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Iran ...
Truman and Johnson were neo-cons? You sure you want to lump Korea in on that list? Iraq was a neo-con disaster. Our alliances are not.
Yep, Korea, the never-ending war. We agree on Iraq. LBJ was a neo-con, like Hillary.
Johnson was an egoist. Not a neo-con. S. Korea is one of the most successful nations in the world. Go there if you haven't. Worth it.
Must have been those pesky drunks over at NAVSEC
When your better explanation for a colission:is that sailors and radars couldn't "see" and over redundant military safety didn't work either

NEVER GIVE UP!
I hope so, for everybody sake
Navy needs to be strengthened. Bigtime.
When @SenJohnMcCain asks this question?
Probably
The American People have reached their breaking point with you John McCain. Go home, shut up and stay there.
Support the president or resign.
You are a democrat in a republican suit.
WSJ, your a senator why are you referencing WSJ, you have over sight this is an indictment on your leadership "sailor" step down.
Results of obama administration and the useless republicans/Dems/liberals McCain etc. TERM LIMITS SO Needed
I am a Democrat, but I pray for you each day to get WELL!!! 
8 years of the Kenyan obsessed with bathrooms
اسئلة يجب ان تطرحها امريكا :
هل قوات البحرية الامريكية مخترقة، ويتحكم بها اعداء امريكا من بعد..؟
هل جنود البحرية الامريكية في خطر..؟
1
هل حوادث السفن الامريكية عرضية ام حوادث مخطط لها بدقة لتبدو كأنها حوادث طبيعية
هل يستطيع المخترق تعطيل كل السفن المنتشرة،ويقطع الاتصال بها
2
لماذا تم التصادم الاخير عندما اقتربت امريكا من كوريا؟
ماذا سيحل بقطع البحرية الامريكية ان حاولت الاقتراب من كوريا ؟
ما صلة روسيا بالاختراق
3
هل امريكا تخوض حربا الكترونية غير معلنة،ولم تنتبه لهذه الحرب؟
هل تعلم الاستخبارات الامريكية باختراق قوات البحرية،وما الاجراءات التي عملتها
4
هل اصبح من الضروري،لحفظ هيبة امريكا،ان تتوجه جميع القطع البحرية الامريكية الى اقرب مرفأ،حتى يتم استعادة السيطرة على السفن،ومعالجة الاختراق
5
اتمنى ان تجد هذه الاسئلة من الخبراء الامريكيين اهتمام وعناية فائقة جدا .
و اقدم خالص التعازي و المواساة للجنود الذين قتلوا و اسرهم.
6
As Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee surely you saw this coming... if not, then ask yourself WHY?
The Navy is broken with ineffective leadership from politicians like you enforcing quotas over merit. RETIRE
New England groups want fishing rights back. No trump response
Really?  it would have been news if someone found out BEFORE the obvious occurred in consecutive HORRORS at sea.   Where were you before?
Liar. You have disgraced the @GOP and the American people by voting to keep Obamacare. Happy? You old, bitter fool.
Utter BS. Your ships are crashing and your sailors dying because of staff incompetence. Nobody else's crashes as much as the US Navy.
Retention of promising Jr officers a problem and driftwood stays on. 
How to attract quality enlistees? Better pay so they can support fams
Cuatro accidentes en un año.  Un grave y con los chinos es primera fila
Isn't it time for you to retire?Let the younger generation steer their own future.
When will you step up to the plate and get the peoples work completed? You look more and more like you sold us out for big money again.
Really!!? Large number of Crew sleeping during navigation in busiest shipping lanes??!  You think this occurred because of OPTEMPO!?
Nope, it's the opposite. Too many ships and not enough dedicated sailors to man them.
divna steta?
30 year 6 terms can you name your major accomplishment in that time? You are 
selfish never giving another fresh person a turn. TERM LIMITS!
I can. Perpetual war. Job done. He'll retire a happy man.
4 ship collisions since Trump became Commander-in-Chief.
DoD should stop buying expensive shit.
Why was an airplane pilot in charge of ships?
I don't know about the navy. But I do know I've reached my breaking point with you !!!
navy gets short changed when bean counters are in charge. Cap Weinberger made sure that the navy got $$ after being ignored. need that now.
Victim of complacency, like just before Pearl Harbor
What do you think would happen when Obama stripped the military clean
Perhaps we should stop being the world's police. We are spread too thin because we take too much on.

Navy attempting coverup alot of stuff.Why are you allowing?need your help and nothing.military family is seperated because of Navy coverup.
As retired military I can tell you, doing more with less never works. Something almost always falls through the cracks.
What I would like to know is if that steering is something that could be getting hacked. If this is at all possible it should be checked.
Was john McCain really pardoned by Nixon ?? Is this true
BETTER YET HAS LAME DUCK TRUMP REACHED HIS BREAKING POINT? LMAO
Need to condsider over reliance on data systems vs traditional seamanship as complimentary required skill set.
Is China or someone else jamming our radar system? How could we not see those ships?
And vise verse,,how come the other ships didn't see our ships?
Has the best navy with the biggest budget in history reached its breaking point? No.

Perhaps if the 7th fleet weren't all under investigation for bribery and prostitution they could keep those ships in the water
$171,000,000,000

Eisenhower said something about this.
Sen mccain thanks for your service you are a great American. Hope ur feeling better keep smiling 
you don't represent the military any more than Jesse Jackson represents blacks - go suck up to your liberal friends
McCain has been everything until it appears that he was wrong
If they didn't when you killed and wounded over 200 seamen I don't think they ever will.
Oh that's right. Daddy was an admiral, and your shit doesn't stink.
Senator- could we refit and recommission those reserve fleet OHP frigates? 16 ships could help a lot right now.
Good article.
#RINO
You have thats for sure.
If you want to learn how to get the most bang for the buck talk to the @USCG we have been doing it for decades.
Second guess or starting yo rise wait for obstruction it's coming. Liar swamp dweller no accountability
Somehow I feel you have a hand in this.    Exactly how much gave you collected from @georgesoros ??????
How can my $26,000 car warn me to avoid cars to my blind side and stopping in front of me and these $HUNDREDS MILLIONS super ships can't?
I look forward to your tweets messages everyday be well I have been with my mom through chemo radiation god bless
And who's at fault! You and Dems with 8 year's of poor administration!
