Disappointing Sen McCain.  You showed today your not a true republican and you do not support the POTUS.
Why, because he voted NOT to CRASH the indep. HealthCare system?  Which INSURANCE COMPANIES said would happen if voted Yes??
So you believe companies who are for profit,  telling you you'll die if you're not forced to buy their product?  Daaaang you're gullible. 
Um, that was a stupid comment. If you don't believe them u can see the CBO report, it says 15 mil lose healthcare next year if repeal only.
Yeah. He had some great healthcare. Just like you. It's a shame you're taking lifesaving care away from MILLIONS of Americans.
McChicken doesn't give two shits about the common man. He will enjoy his taxpayer-funded health care while kicking millions off of theirs.
I naively thought with his brush w death he was coming back to vote down GOP healthcare.
Me too. Senator, all Americans deserve the ability to receive the same level of healthcare received by both you and @SteveScalise. 1/2
You are friend of the democrats quit republicans you already did on the floor
A person who lies, deceives millions for power has no friends. You are a very despicable man who is mentally ill. Sick. History will prevail
As you know from your illness, all Americas must have health care. Depriving 38 million Am would be a disaster. You voted the moral way.
John McCain don't give a rats ass about no one but hem self hell he has made his millions off are backs for over what 40 years he's no hero
Give him a chance, he may do what is right.  He is the one that made that speech...
You sir may yet save our union.  Good luck and fair winds.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/07/27/top-generals-just-defied-trump-refused-change-transgender-policy-order-mattis/ …
Excellent healthcare is nice, isn't it?
But a NO vote to repeal Obamacare?  Shame on you.  You should never have been re-elected, sir.
Patriot.
On July 19th, you said you don't like his politics.  Now you do?  Just another Trump hater.
No Jared is just another #American #Patriot who cares about #Country & fellow citizens. You on the other hand are a blind  brainless sheep
brainless sheep?  Great - resort to name calling.  Obamacare was based on a lie and is financially crippling families.
A resourceful country should invest, not deprive, in citizens. 'Life, liberty, & the pursuit of happiness'...You know those words. 2/2
Good thing you don't have Trumpcare.
it's nice you both had good healthcare so you can recover without the stress of how to pay for it.
Дональд,разумный человек.Почему Дональд позволяете  себе обвинять в выборах на президента США Украину?Причина власть Украины,а не Украина
So glad you two had great healthcare. I sincerely hope you wish the same for all of us and can put yourselves in our shoes when voting. 
Don't vote to take healthcare from millions of people...we need healthcare just like you two did!
We need you both!
Good thing he had healthcare.
Arent you glad you dont have Obamacare????
dito
Isn't it just sweet how he had government funding healthcare.  Charming even.
Only the best for our Congresspeople!
Your Glio is a pre-existing condition now, John. Will Trumpcare cover that?
Time for u to retire.
You should be ashamed for stopping health care for the people. Leaving them with failing Obamacare.
RESIGN!!!
lucky for both of you that you have health insurance
Yes maybe he can vote against the people too just like you 
Both of you received excellent health care.  Im a working person in my 50s. Dont I deserve to be able to afford that???
Go buy some
Ok Bonnie. Well, before the ACA I was only offered plans at $1200/mth up. Yeah, couldn't afford that. And who knows what it even covered...
Yea before ACA has a 500 deductible now it's 5000 as long as it isn't you that gets screwed!
We all agree that's wrong,listen to dem senators, every one says have to fix that. But DONT need to take away pre-existing, min covg, etc...
Again, thank God he had a decent health care plan that afforded him this. Many Americans didn't until the #ACA
yes he can return and vote 2take away health care for others knowing he has his covered for rest of his life #parasites #cowards
i take back my criticism and thank @SenJohnMcCain for his standing with country over party.
Are you still alive
Your friend--an avowed, unabashed Klan supporting racist who thinks all the rest are below the white race--Steve Scalise
good thing @SteveScalise has taxpayer paid healthcare, right?
You have no fucking friends McCain, except the NVA
good thing he had healthcare. He still has therapy and pain mgmt ahead.
Steve is such a supporter of passing a new healthcare bill, you only serve yourself. Put our country first and help replace Obamacare.
Pkease don't allow the dismantling of life giving care.  Please take a stand and stop repeal without better replacement.
Glad for you both that you have health coverage and this didn't bankrupt you.
You said 4 -7 years I will repeal and replace Obamacare u lied!!! U r the swamp!  # Arizona vote him out!
We are glad you're back too. You've always been one of my favorites.

Thank u Sen McCain for your courage and integrity
John - You are only a friend to the people who bought you. Rothschilds.
Why did you vote against repeal when you voted for it EVERY TIME in the past Sen.McCain
Bless you, Senator. Hope the healthcare you're receiving is top notch. Please recover soon to continue the fight against human decency.
The 'my friend' moniker is getting old
why? So you can both vote to take our health care away. You have been a disappointment.
So brave from John McCain to race back from the hospital to take healthcare away from 22 million people!!
Wishing you both a long, painful tax payer funded death.
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Little Mobster @potus wants to be more like @putinrf #trumpRussia #treasonSadly his prison won't be this horrid
U should repeal health plan for all senators as well. How would they feel about that?
Both of you get healthcare at our expense. Yet you deny your fellow humans from the same? Please don't.
regardless of party, we all love you both
Thanks for voting no to repeal, and when it counted, you voted yes, you wonder why we elected Trump,  u guys do nothing!
So glad you have medical care.. wish you felt the same about the rest of us..
Thx u john McCain for voting no on repeal of Obamacare don't know why u can't back to the senate cause ur useless just like the rest of them
Hi John...I've been meaning to ask ya just what you thought of how the VA was handling your cancer treatments, have they gotten any better ?
Awesome of you to think of your friend with so much on your mind.
Imagine how totally bankrupt his family would be without his #ACA coverage.
Repeal and replace now!!
He doesn't have to worry. He has health. Insurance.
U lied!!!!!!   Voted against REPEAL!!!!
Amen
You benefit from health care yet vote to deny it to the american citizen.  All for MORE TAX BREAKS gor the über rich. 

SHAME ON YOU.
Me too.  Imagine if you'd  taken away his healthcare before he was shot.  He'd lose his home, car & life like a real American
#ACAsaveslives
I'm happy for him and prayer for continued healing.he must have good medical coverage.hope we can keep ours .
We the people are looking for the day that we don't have to see your liberal lying ass in the Senate anymore & it is coming soon
Curious if you have #Obamacare and where I can go to get the same great coverage and benefits that you have. #IL17
Another R politician who received healthcare that will be denied to millions!
Both of you received excellent health care that we're thankful for - so why do you want to take health care from AZ vets & seniors? #SaveACA
You must resign!
God is great

Get well soon @SteveScalise. Thanks Sen. McCain.
You have friends?
If we're consistent, @SteveScalise gets taxpayer-provided healthcare therefore he is a parasite that deserves to die (after going bankrupt)
I hope his rehab goes well.
Good thing you both have great insurance- too bad that doesn't extend to those of us who paid for it
I'll bet he has great medical insurance because of the tax payers!
Geaux @SteveScalise. Get stronger every day. Hold that Tiger!
Yes the guy who says he's David Duke without the baggage. A great American.
Good thing no one is trying to take away your healthcare, now is it, McCain??
I am 65.  I paid exhorbitant health premiums my entire adult life until obamacare.  No reason to go back to that.
Repeal will cause economic disaster.  Hospitals will close, Healthcare industry big job loss, retail will suffer.  Think it through.
You BOTH are using healthcare 2 save YOUR lives, while taking MILLIONS healthcare away ..#ShameOnYouMcCain ....  some Maverick you are!
Both of you are receiving excellent healthcare yet you would deny millions the same healthcare.  Why?
I trusted your word that u had guts to fight denying millions healthcare. Ur tumor was covered yet voted to end lives. No longer a hero 
Yeah I bet his medical bills were covered. Unlike 22 million Americans You condemned to death.
Why did you vote against repealing Obamacare today? You voted for it when Obama was President.
Yes looking forward to having u both fighting for our Country! Blessings to u both.
Glad to hear that @SteveScalise and @SenJohnMcCain have health care paid for by US. Give Healthcare to the rest of US!
Glad to see you're back as well.
Vote to repeal or get out of the senate
Dear Johnny time to retire
See how great healthcare is? Just saying.
Access to good medical care in a timely fashion works and not worrying about the cost works very well, doesn't it?
Oh, he had coverage, nice
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2014/03/07/poll-john-mccain-s-home-state-approval-lowest-in-the-country/ …
What were his copays like? His deductible? Not a worry. Why? Because we the taxpayers pay for it while we struggle for our own care.
You & he both have good insurance! No problems w/bills! Why are y'all so dead set on killing the rest of American Patriots!
And take care of yourself. Follow doctor's orders
He had great insurance, something it is a sin to deny to others because they are not among the rich and powerful.
Also on the Taxpayers Dime, but hurry back to take everyone else's HealthCare.
Today you helped me decide to twitch support to democrats in 2018. Republicans obviously cant unite to get anything done. Sad day for all.
Americans don't deserve the health care that EXCLUSIVELY BELONGS TO OUR PRIVILEGED EMPLOYEES OF THE  @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP
He's fortunate to have excellent healthcare insurance paid by taxpayers.
Sad y'all have the best health care  but yet you want to take it away from the public that you're supposedly serving #Trump's puppets
John, I hope you don't have OC
Senator McCain, Please work for the American people to repeal and replace ObamaCare, as has been promised !
We are praying for BOTH of you, Senator, and your swift recovery!! -- Pastor Jason
Remind him of this he and A dozen Republican members of congress are alive today thanks to a gay black woman in uniform. Support #LGBTQ
Why did you betray Arizona once again? Were you high or just stupid?
Both have healthcare.....
We are SO mad at you, John
he ended up in hospital by violence, but how much did his stay cost him?what if he didn't have great ins., through govt ?
Must be nice knowing you'll not have to worry bout health care seeing how we the tax payers pay for yours.
He's licking his lips over your terminal illness.
Yea but your friend Flake is he still hiding in that dugout? I'd say transgender better in any kind of situation thuan that cowardly loser
@SenJohnMcCain I sure he had great healthcare insurance. We ALL deserve that too! Vote NO
Oh That is great  He is lucky, to have HEALTH INSURANCE, as you are. Hope you both thank OBAMA
Glad to see that he had insurance for his troubles
Hope he is really appreciative for his health care fuck the 20 million that will lose they're hc
Quit voting democratic and represent the party you belong to! Repeal Obamacare!
Glad to see you both got great care on you government plan . But fuck everyone else right?
Senator McCain -Please help all Americas get good health insurance like you have. I hope you get well very soon.
Thanks for the higher premiums and huge deductibles,  glad YOU have great healthcare that YOU can afford. Working people can't afford it.
Give all of us the excellent health care you both received. Please.
Yeah! That health insurance sure came in handy!
Retire senile old RINO!
Happy to hear your friend will be okay. How wonderful for him he has health insurance as you do. Millions won't if TrumpCare prevails.SHAME!
Go back to bed
It's almost like u don't understand that doctors helped Steve, but you voted to take away your constituents health care.U are disgusting!
Disappointed in your vote
That's GREAT news! Wishing him a very speedy and FULL recovery.
You and Steve owe the American people for your healthcare, thanks for screwing us John
Another Republican suckling the tax payer teet while screwing the tax payer over. Shame on you all! You're no Maverick. #VoteNoOnSkinnnyBill
Who paid for the health insurance covering him? WE DID. Why are we not entitled to the same? Shame, shame, shame on you.
Yea he used his free top notch healthcare to get well just like you. Then denies same right to us. Disgraceful
He's fine. He has the good government supplied health insurance!!
Perhaps you both will bond over the superb quality of healthcare you receive and give all brain cancer and gunshot victims get the same.
Thanks to the great healthcare we pay for.
thank god you both have the best healthcare the American taxpayer's pay for!
That sweet healthcare is pretty nice, huh?
I only wish everyone could get such good medical treatment. Where is your conscience?
McCain is the Sawmp - that  president Trump has exposed!
It's nice to return from a hospital that has taken care of you, and you don't have to go #bankrupt, or find a #3rdjob. It's nice. #ACA nice.
That's wonderful news!!!
He's happy he doesn't have to worry about life time caps, pre existing conditions, rising costs or paying his bills. Now the rest of us...
TransMcCain is a traitor to this nation and the GOP.
awesome testimony and YOU too
Maybe he now knows how important healthcare is if tragedy strikes - be real guys and think about it - seriously
May God give you health
I'm very glad @SteveScalise is doing well. I hear he had great healthcare. Thankfully no one took it away from him at a critical time.
Now we can get back to work disappointing everyone who voted for us! GOP unite! Time for war & nothing else!
Retire...
