.@SenJohnMcCain @USATODAY It also killed this interpreter's mother.
I guess she was sick because no delay killed her
She was a greencard holder on her way here for medical treatment.

Yeah. The delay killed her.
If you watched anything but FOX and Breitbart you might have something in your brain
And if you watched anything but CNN you wouldn't say that.  How productive.
that is where you are wrong. I watch MANY stations, just nothing owned by Fascists
Sure you do.  They all say that.
Did he get through?  Yes.  I don't feel bad he was delayed.  Quit using these people as political pawns senator.
you might be the last man in the GOP with a conscience. I hope it guides you well...
then I'll applaud their morality.
What R you&Republicans going to do about this? You have a responsibility to protect our constitution
what part of our constitution guarantees unfettered access to foreigners regardless of the risk?
there is a vetting process by FBI and Homeland security up to 36 months. They HAD green cards!!
I'm fine with green card holders returning & DJT made that clear with 24 hours so prob solved
and the refuges that have gone through the 36 month vetting with our government? The ones that helped military?
if they helped the military they should get preferred treatment they don't have a constitutional right
14th Amendment, Equal Protection
applies to citizens, residents and anyone on US soil not to potential immigrants outside of the country
You spread propaganda.There is no BAN on any specific person or religion! Only a 90 day hold! You make trouble!
So John did U provide him with a copy of DJT's dossier to read while he waited to enter the US? Safety 1st assclown
ask Petraeus about his! Tell him to speak up.
A war you voted for Senator! The greater good (US Security) TRUMPS non-citizen desires.
I remember U trying to get these guys over under Obama's watch, State dept. drug it's feet. Now it's Trumps fault?
this is so wrong
Fake News!! It's not a Ban, get it right Fake News
Sad. I'm sorry.
"temporary" until a real vetting process is put in place!!!
@POTUS bad decisions made by BAD PEOPLE #therealbadhombre
what have YOU done to increase vetting and stop immigration of terrorists? At least we have a leader with action.  @SenJohnMcCain @USATODAY
Obama never got these guys out they have been trying for 5 yrs!
@USATODAY@POTUS No one is fooled by JMcCain's dramatics.He is exploiting this situation for his own agenda.NO PATRIOT=TRAITOR
Shut up songbird
POTUS is trying 2 protect Americans, better the delay than putting Americans in jeopardy whose side are u on again?
Yeah, what the hell is the POTUS doing?
Can you plz work on educating ur fellow Congressmen/women on how the refugee ban won't make us safer?Many Repubs won't listen
Boo Hoo You Are A Traitor McCain You Support Globalist Agenda and Work for Soros You  Trying to Destroy Our Country
get him OUT of there.
what abt our vets who are away from home for months ! I love my President u need to shut up
So he was inconvenienced for a few hours and #America is #Safer for it. Thanks to #PresidentTrump! #AmericaFirst
it's a pause
With decision comes imperfection. Inaction cannot be tolerated
For how long John?: Servicemen live lives of inconvenience, esp. Iraqi, he eventually got in. Citizens will get in.
Did he finally get out of Iraq?
You don't agree with President Trump Muslim ban?  What are you going to do about it?
looks like you are willing to play with American lives ? @SenJohnMcCain @USATODAY
stay the patriot you are. I was a college coward after 9/11. Will work 4 u in az for America 4 my niece/nephew if I can
now what? I am sure soon he will get in here. Dont make drama over nothing. Its TEMP BAN. He surely gets in POS JM
So sad. Trump unqualified and dangerous.
Now he stays in his own country where he belongs.
PLEASE FIX DISGRACEFUL BIGOTED HATEFUL POLICY. Some of the kindest, gentlest people I know are Muslim immigrants. We lose.
U R pathetic. 0 had them blocked for years, now they can't wait a few hrs? That's quite the reach hater!
ok They will figure  out. We want every1 who helped us here.  Stp mkg news ; be part of the sol. not  a complainer!
As @POTUS would say "SAD."  Please tell me you and your senate colleagues are working against this stupid ban.
This is a bad tweet John!  No more like this!!
wgaf? not our problem
what party are you Mccain you has been.
But you have to agree, We need to stop the All  unvetted refugees form coming into the US we know who is coming in
- If John McCain had ANYTHING to do with this guy....I would question his loyalty!
maybe he shouldn't of betrayed his people, you might want to think about that McCain
Trump is reckless with our National Security, He has Putin (et al) in his pocket. You know this. PLEASE impeach now
is putting the wellbeing of those who helped the armed forces before the principle of "banning other countries" 
Come to think of it, why aren't more Republicans like him?
This is unconscionable.  Our leaders seem deteremined to allow Trump to destroy every friendship we have.#cowards
@realDonaldTrump just put our troops in grave danger w/ban and comments on iraqi oil! way to fuel ISIS and distrust
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY and somehow this is more important than the safety of the Republic?
Can John McCain please just shut up once in a while and support his party. Please go away and retire.
Vet first, fairness, then approve those who have helped us !
So what, if he not a terrorist they will let him through.
Disgraceful!!
Trump is a threat to our nation and the security of the world. He needs to be impeached for the sake of the world.
ask your republican Boss.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY hey Johnny. What the hell are ya doing, ,.stop. trying to  mess  shit up...
I'm glad you're speaking out against this EO. Please show that courage again in rejecting Sec. of Ed. nominee Betsy DeVos. 
Yoo-hoo!   Time to wake up & realize the trump-Buffoon is not a good "in general" way to go for United States rep
It seems to me that you are not supporting our President.Are you a Dem now. Giuliano now has Cybersecurity not you
breaking news we don't care get on president trumps side or you will be retired in disgrace
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY And furthermore...as a patriot, will you help vote down Trump's terrifying cabinet nominees? Pleeeze
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY I wish you would  speak out about it more forcefully.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY the translators and their families will be receiving special exemptions
Mr @SenJohnMcCain, I am concerned about a president that send troops in harms way just to show other nation he can.
U know it takes years for translators to get in the US.  This didn't happen due to travel ban  That's false news.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY It was vetting,  something our President has been promising for awhile.#getusedtoit @realDonaldTrump
@POTUS  fix this problem
that EO is unconstitutional. It is not doing something to fairly execute a law, it is creating Law. Not his job!
What will you recommend Senator! Time to step up!
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain for your sensible opposition to the un-American refugee ban! Millions of Americans across the aisle agree.
I can't imagine the extent of the guilt that you are feeling right now Senator.  Your votes matter.  No WMD's
After the justice nomination, can you please consider impeachment of Trump. War with Mexico is ridiculous.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY Being ex military you should know, "There I s a 10% rule that ruins it foreverybody!".
All thanks to the guy you helped elect.
what are you doing about it? You are a war hero. Are you proud of your country right now?
And you like the President?
He'll be there a few hours and then free. That's how it works when you don't transmit moves.
HELP HELP HELP SOS _  Trump is AWFUL! He hates our allies!!!!! HELP
.@SenJohnMcCain Thx Senator for helping hero Allen Vaught get his Iraqi translator to safety! #txlege #MAGA #all4sam @USATODAY
I thought there were going to be exceptions.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY if you weren't such a CRAP candidate for POTUS we wouldn't be where we are! TERM LIMIT personified!
So what? It is a great move by @realDonaldTrump @POTUS to protect us! Thank you Mr President!
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY Sorry, America first. I'm an American who stands in line behind refugees & immigrants, is that fair?
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY trapped or temporarily inconvenienced?
War is a bitch, sometimes bad things happen to good people.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY it'll be fix
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY I saw Chris Kyle's translator and it took him 5 yrs for the process and he thinks it's a good idea
And what about the vets you called the police on and kicked out of your office, crickets! #NoSCOTUSvote
Please vote NO on unqualified Betsy Devro! Protect the children especially those in the public school system
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY Meghan stop. Seriously.
Thanks for providing facts not  alt facts! Now act & stop the constitution-hating Trump/Bannon
&^%$ Happens. There will be problems that need to be ironed out.  Fix it instead of whining.
Be careful McClown on using Fake News from our Hillary loving media
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY why don't u put ur ego aside and back our president
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY 
I bet the Navy Seals family wished he had got trapped by the ban.
What vetting mechanism do YOU have in place to ensure no one entering from a listed countries is a terrorist? Americans 1st!
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY 
Come on John, you know how this stuff works. My house got washed away in the WV flood. So what.
Term Limits
we're counting on you to take a stand on this, Senator.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY people needs to go to another country with no documentation and see how is going to work for them.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY what are you doing about this?
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY Took Chris Kyles translator 5 years and no one cared.
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY shoutout to East Dallas's own @allenvaught
Yea, but if he helped us, where were his credentials..something else is going on here?
@MeghanMcCain 
. . . and he was 'untrapped' almost as quickly! What is your point???
@MeghanMcCain @USATODAY 
Didn't this story get debunked. Don't believe everything you hear or read.
Baghdadi?
Quit shilling for Salafists.
You did this too McCain. There will be more blood on your hands.
happy to see some resistance from you. Not enough tho. This republican administration is the death knell of GOP.
Just. Stop. 
: Then do something. You're confirming his nominees. You can't complain if you're enabling.
I am sure he will get an immediate waiver as he should.
You said the Prez deserves the benefit of the doubt on Tillerson--but look at this ban. Why do you trust his pick?
so what? Iraq is a democratic state now "thanks to your efforts", let him live in Iraq then
Please support @ChrisMurphyCT's legislation to repeal Trump's executive order. http://www.courant.com/politics/hc-trump-travel-ban-connecticut-delegation-20170130-story.html …
Thank you. Keep speaking out!
thanks for supporting the fight against the Muslim ban. It's profoundly undemocratic and unconstitutional.
I bet you must be so proud to be a Republican American today.  You guys really know how to win! @USATODAY
What is wrong with you &Graham? You all are bitter & obstructive. U 2 act more like the dem's..are you?
@sen Lindsey graham
@Mangoluu @USATODAY do something!!!!
traitor!
stand behind our president or you will loose your next election
I'm guessing he already has.
Academic community rejects the ban. Convince the GOP to #standuptotrump #NoToImmigrationBan #DontBanMe #NoBanNoWall
Academics and the Scientific community reject the ban. Stand up for your people #NoToImmigrationBan #DontBanMe #NoBanNoWall
And I bet like anyone that has been in the military he's been trapped in lockdown longer himself, 894/899.
Your polarized behavior the last four years puts this on your shoulders too. What are you doing now about it?
Indeed-danger of Muslim sharia law invaders&human sacrifices in political religion of
Islam-stop the traffic.
so he has to wait a little bit longer to get visa . Boo boo . Why is @SenJohnMcCain you're against Americans first
it typically involves money. I'm guessing kickbacks are ending. You should have planned for retirement
Does a traitor always stay a traitor? Guess McCain will be showing his stripes soon. Yellow or MAGA red white&blue
Thank you so much for standing up for our troops and those who worked to help them. You're a true American hero!
Your lack of support for our president is disappointing. You'd rather be the media darling/maverick than do the right thing
@DavidMastio @USATODAY: Sen McCain, support POTUS or quit! We need all hands on deck to fight the crazy Dems.
Stay strong against refugee ban. Unconstitutional!
You're a real American. Unlike #PresidentBannon and #Trump
too bad
most signed up and later killed. One soldier met his translator when he got home to Az. He had saved life of man.
Sen McCaine thank you for the years of  honorable service, and your commitment " to doing the right thing! "
It's your party.
So Sen McCain is OK with the extremist SCOTUS pick but irritated by this?
if you don't vote no on Sessions you're stance on civil rights would be all talk! We're watching and we're proud!
@textifyer59 @USATODAY So what are you doing about this and Russia?
Well what are you going to do about it?
Too bad.Thought u good rep. of Party. Pres.Trump's EO is iron clad, obvious & legal to protect USA.. You need to support it
retire now, don't waste our time on another election
no one was trapped, you're still mad cuz you're not @POTUS, Audie Murphy was a war hero,POW doesn't make a hero
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!! Tweeting isn't going to help!
and the WH doesn't say they are even sorry
sen mccain, i wasn't always a fan of yours. But thank you for standing up for what is right. I admire you for it.
retire
if you are actually upset about the refugee ban you need to block Jeff Sessions as AG. He will not oppose Trump.
Thanks for trying to do the right thing! Bipartisanship is difficult BUT necessary. Prayers are going out to you #Stoptheban
That will be fixed quickly  next !!
Wake up & stop being an obstructionist....Support your party & support Rep Mulvaney. If you  won't time 2 retire.
Stay strong! Proud that you have a backbone and will #resist - Continue 2 speak truth 2 power! Resist #SwampCabinet
I simply cannot understand the vitriol coming from people here. I bet all who say this is BS never served a day
Could the chaos of the "ban" be a diversion from the Russian involvement? Who is leading the investigation?
someone needs to grow a pair and impeach this evil President!
.@SenJohnMcCain We need you to vote NO on @SenatorSessions & @BetsyDeVos! #stopsessions #StopDeVos
Don says, 'Bitch boy, bend over, break democracy more than you already have, in Putin's honor'
my God all these stories you would think all of Iraq had green cards

clear evidence that the Executive Order is not only unconstitutional but also malign for U.S.&allies
EO needs an ademdum
...adendum
sounds like the process was already bad...and you fail to acknowledge your part in creating this #antiwar #MuslimBan #guilty
I don't trust McCain.  He's part of the problem. Taking photos with terrorist then speaking against them.
Sad. But what is the truth or an exaggerated statement for political means.  It's hard to differentiate sometimes.
Every Patriot that helps our Country deserve help, where was Obama, ex. That doctor in Pakistan is still in prison
the Republicans are the only ones that can help us at this point. Please do what you can to save our constitution & country!
Do something!! Please!! This policy is against who we should be as a country.
