The Lord protects the Kurds
You are not a loyal  man, everyone has a different story, you took the wrong road to fill your pockets!! Sad!
I'm seriously beginning to wonder if Establishment GOP, McConnell, McCain, Garaham, Sasse aren't working with Dems to bring Trump down
No need to wonder, it's true, they are the enemies amongst us...
You are the idiots amongst us
You're bills obviously you're all about yourself you must be referring to mr. Clinton, I think you all are on the same team,
"My bills"....that's what you're all about. You. Start working with POTUS to do what he and the people want.
Wasn't that Trump's plan? Just sayin
Stand up for America.  Stand up to Trump.  Until then, everything you say is irrelevant.  #notamaverick
We love and support @potus - he is the only one standing up for America - McCain is a sell out globalist
barf.  Potus just wants to pee on you
wrong - fake news - typical - McCain is a globalist puppet get your facts straight - that document was proven to be fake just like McCain
McCain is a pussy, Trump grabs pussy.  They deserve each other.
McCain you are A HYPOCRIT! You were against President Trump building wall. Was that only for you to get press? Bord Secyourstyle no wall!
Are "evolved" (a la Joe Rogan) or what have you, that doesn't mean those from "outside" have the same disposition or innocent intentions.
Senator, stand up and be counted. Trump, the guy who insulted your service and your suffering, is a danger to the country, and the world.
Breaking: Islamic terror attack in Times Square NYC.

So are you funding the wall?? #Buildthewall!!!
What about the wall?  Work to build the wall please.
You have challenge this Sheriff Clarke appointment.
The man is dangerous - please look into his treatment of prisoners. Deaths. A baby dead.
None of your bills will ever be passed again.  Time to retire...or be pulled back home.  We will not send you back.

I say we keep Trump and deport you.
I don't think this trump presidency will end well for you. Keep your chin up!
Trump will be just fine. Keep watching that #fakenews if it makes you feel better.
The border with motion detection, drones and such? If you are an open borders person... I get where you're coming from but just because we
Why do we need a physical wall all along the border? Sounds expensive. We could build wall sections at key locations and cover the rest of
Before you accuse, review. No official documents,  solid review
Not happy with you! Term limits!
Lol...
Very simple, John - 1)Support our Prez!   2) build the wall.  3) Forget your own agenda & serve the Arizonans you represent.
Please order protection for Dir Comey.  I fear for his life bc of those evil Russians.
And which way was McCain running on the Forrestal? And how many good men died running to where he had been?
You are a traitor a songbird who betrayed his fellow soldiers you've also sold Arizona land to saudis and are funded by SOROS ur a coward
Senator please stop playing into the left hands.
John McCain is a traitor. He should be hung
What is the fire grant?
When WE can work on regulations costs & hierarchical relationships instead of never ending campaigns "one big package" will not be standard.
Really not a priority right now, senator. Wake up.
You are all talk and NO action.  BUILD THE WALL starting today
Could you please hold comments on the president until you know more since you are a Republican. Attacks are like on Bush until 9/11.
@maddow @Alyssa_Milano @nytimes @MaxineWaters   "If Donald Trump was Colonel Sanders everyone would know the secret recipe." Jimmy Kimmel  
Elections are going to come before you know it and soon you will be gone you traitor. #song bird  #democrat
Right now the Homeland is being compromised from within do something about it
You should be working on keeping Americans from losing Health care
Your bills Huh? Still looking for undeserved kuddos? Time to support prez and #buildthewall
Glad you could take time out of bashing Trump do to your job.
Good, can President now focus on jobs?
What I want to watch is the independent counsel.
McCain one of five U.S. senators accused of trying to pressure Federal Regulators. Sad! #KeatingFive #ComeyMemo http://azc.cc/PzyVmw 
No wall!
Don't care about anything until you do something about our traitor, man-baby president. Impeach, 25th amendment, something. He's not trusted
Actually not important right now, impeachment of this fraud president is! #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
Special independent prosecutor for trump/russia. NOW!!!!
Shut the MOUTH John McCain be a man yes he made a mistake @ 1st help the President  be a man Clean it up
Fine line to walk: fire grant program important & so is independent investigation into election.
So disappointed in your WEAK LEADERSHIP
President trump should veto every bill associated with your RINO name.
Your just jealous because obama kick your ass & a none politician like Trump is president now !!!!
I will never vote for a Rep again I will vote for president Trump next term because he's the real thing ! He's not from the swamps like D&R
I really don't care about what your saying I just want you to know because of politicians Dems or Rep is why this country won't make it
The timing is right for you to show your true blue side...retire old man! Quit trying to submarine the POTUS.
PLEASE get Trump out of the WH!!  I'm BEGGING you!!!!!
Trajectory of homeland security under @potus who alienated @CIA, @FBI, #MI6 and #Mossad? Intel agency supported by @realDonaldTrump? FSB
We want you to get James Comey to testify under oath, in public, about POTUS obstruction of justice questions...We want the truth sir.
Who cares you crazy old not a republican Buffoon
If Hanoi John is supporting it, it is somehow bad for America. RINO. Please retire!
what about #INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR?you love USA. Save it!!!
He's another one that's made empty promises year after year on border security.
I'm so ashamed of ever supporting a coward and traitor like u. Traitor 2 ur country and party.   You'll be remembered for causing civil war
We want a wall not more stupid political waste laden bills. You're supposed to serve and then go back home
JM: Would you please do us all a favor and shut the heck up about Trump he's our president show a little respect please!
Be careful Johnnie AZ people aren't happy with you!
Stop crowing about hollow deeds and denounce trump. Be a patriot first & a GOP coward never.
John McCain = weak on treason
@SenJohnMcCain you are a disgrace to the Republican Party!
He's a disgrace to mankind, period!
You know, the phrase "foreign AND domestic" frequently comes to mind.
Not just Trump, but his appointees as well.  WHO confirmed them?
So glad you're doing such a great job defending us from FOREIGN threats.  Meanwhile, at home...
After 8 years of bowing and false promises? You're a joke! Entire world on fire thanks to electing someone who handed out flyers.
Get out of the way so our President can get his agenda through to help the American people.
Yeah he should be working on T Rumps impeachment
I'm cool with this, but what about the threat from within?   And the very real threat from Putin, and his American friends?
This Russia stuff is all BS
Do you actively hate Americans?? Cut this "Russia" crap, support the President or GET OUT of DC.
Sen McCain, you have more important things to handle, though I agree fire control programs are vital.
Glad to see you doing the people's work. Russiagate is not the people's work.
The biggest threat to our nation's (and the world's) security is @realDonaldTrump! Maybe you should be focusing on THAT mess!
no you WANT to believe that. and the media
Before you "enhance" border security, how about addressing the APPALLING human rights violations of immigrants in detention??
How dare you co-sign and sensationalize Fake News! Stop being a drama queen! Sour grapes because you were rejected by us??
Tsk tsk tsk Aloha #trumpbegone
Dream on Princess!
Living the dream, us California girls with deep roots. Cheers.
Where were you for all the years Obama weakened it?!  Holder increased racism? AG allowed the minorities to act like a majority??
and Nero fiddled while Rome burned....
Focus on renuking Trump for obstructionif justice - forget the silly border.
bad keyboarding. Rebuke Trump. Obstruction OF justice.
Isn't there still a traitor in the white house? How about addressing that first?
Trying to shove his agenda through when no one is paying attention perhaps?
IMPEACH. Stop doing anything else.  If you stand for our country, then you should only be focused on that.
It's amazing. I bet you have more democrat supporters and followers than republicans.
By "enhancing" you mean taking vetting of agents off the table. As with your party's "enhanced" interrogation, this language cloaks abuse.
We do not care about this right now. Get out in front on impeachment.
You people know McCain has been pushing the #NewWorldOrder on America right? Better start realizing who the enemies of the #DeepState are
Exposing your filth and disgrace McCain
3/19/17 The Rothschild and Saud Families Fund Both John McCain and Hillary Clinton
http://www.blacklistednews.com/The_Rothschild_and_Saud_Families_Fund_Both_John_McCain_and_Hillary_Clinton/57407/0/38/38/Y/M.html …
shame on u Bastard @SenJohnMcCain for not raising voice for the release of innocent Dr. Aafia Siddiqui
GO PRESIDENT TRUMP   SHOW THESE IDIOTS
Just retire and fade into oblivion.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia
Stop with everything else and please save our country!
Whoopity Doo! Your house is on FIRE!
I would rather watch you calling for @POTUS impeachment.
On what grounds there are none
You know what would enhance security? @realDonaldTrump not leaking classified information to the Russians! When will Congress wake up?
At least Trump hasn't created and supplied ISIS.
Carey, put your foil hat back on and go back to watching @infowars.
Trump, senator. Handle Trump. Immediately.
Hold on. We are just about there
Going to be a rough 8 years for you
