CRs are no way to fund the government & inflict harm upon the Americans we are constitutionally obliged to provide for—our service members.
As global threats grow - from #NorthKorea to #ISIS - our military commanders have all warned a CR will inhibit military readiness & power
I cannot support a CR that will harm our men and women in uniform. https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/floor-statements?ID=E1D697C3-8E78-4B73-A22A-2C34DDEAB80C …
good mean
You mean like holding hearings on a president's nomination for a Supreme Court justice? Just curious.
Democrats would have done the same thing to a republican preseident. Funny how you libs only support things when they favor you! LOLOLOLOL
There wouldn't be any global uncertainty if the USA wouldn't be acting like the world police and inciting hatred in the world.
some of us consider Harvey aid to be must-pass, @SenJohnMcCain and that any debate or delay about it would be un-Christian to say the least.
#unAmerican to not support for Harvey victims the same shame Cruz and Cornyn should face for Sandy vote
Not letting the president nominate a Supreme Court Justice is also a dereliction of Congress's most routine duties but just one mans opinion
I am a veteran to and my children are in service. My friends at the VA and children friends on base think you need to retire b4 drained
You're just mad DT made the deal with the Democrats. To be clear, I hate DT, but I understand why he did it. Rs don't agree on anything.
and they have gotten NOTHING DONE!
Absolutely
Like you doing the "loser dance" going up to vote NO on Obamacare and making me wait longer for good health care treatment..
McCain you were derelict in your duties when you voted no on Obamacare repeal. Shut up already.
What's the alternative to the #ACA?
Something that actually lowers premiums & deductibles and lets people keep their doctors.  I.E. something that fixes all of Obama's lies.
quit calling it obamacare when it is the affordable care act. The term obomacare was created to ÷

DOING NOTHING BUT TALKING is a dereliction of duty. 7yrs to "Get it right!" You  & the Senate cannot even do that right. Retire.
@SenJohnMcCain by not supporting the @realDonaldTrump agenda you have been derelict in your duties since your term started. GET TO WORK!

Congress can't get anything done and yet the Republicans are the majority. Time to vote our the RINOS in 2018!
The Republicans sure as hell weren't going to agree or do anything so @POTUS got it done!!!
Please John McCain, go home and stay there. There is nothing good about your tenure in Senate.


Besides hating @realDonaldTrump and being a RINO, do you stand for anything that would MAGA?  A nursing home retirement now would help all!
Maybe if you would have suppored president Trump he would not have made a deal with the dems.Shame on you Senator Mcain
Duh and duh retire
John McCain should resign! He is one of the swamp! McCain is a hypocrite  !
Go home.  Clearly your mind is not right.
Dude used to be able to read 
Will someone give him a drool rag 
Really just sad sad sad
So is promising your constituents you would repeal and replace obamasscare and then voting with the democrats. Retire already....
Your votes against the will of the people is a miscarriage of the rules of the republic. You are to be the peoples voice, disgraceful
You'd know.
yes.
You kicked the can down the road when you voted against repealing ACA
Sen.McCain please pray for the people of Texas & Florida State in their time of need. God grace them in their time of need from disasters.
Then how do you propose to get hurricane relief passed?  Wait until they all die of starvation, toxic water and exposure?
Always appreciate your words Senator McCain even if I don't always agree. This man doesn't deserve any derision from either side or anyone.
You are the expert on dereliction of duty Senator.  #retirenowmccain
Sorry not longer care what you point of view is
McCain, everyone is sick an tired of your always wanting to do nothing and being an obstructionist to the President. TRAITOR
Disagree again with u senator.
It seems biz as usual since all in congress attaches items to a non related bill to sneak self in interests or set up a political attack.
How do you think you're going to pay for all these disasters?
Is that babbling John McCain at it again. Why is he allowed to ramble on. He isn't even making sence.
Remember this is the same guy censored by the #Gop in his own state #AZSen  if he owned property in #Texas he might see this differently
THEN GET A BALANCED BUDGET FOR ONCE AND YOU WONT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT IT!
John, the pork attached to it is much much worse than the debt limit crap. When was the last time the debt limit was not raised. It's BS
.not passing permanent citizenship 4#DACA dereliction of duty/ nice try get to work @JeffFlake #sad 2Az sen vote no 4 TX
Please retire.
Please reti
O, MR. McCAIN GO AWAY !  YOU ARE NOT SERVING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE  NOT TO WELL , TIME FOR YOU ,  TO CHECK IN TO THE NURSING HOME!
Work together to fix the countries problems! Partisan games #realswamp
Do you ever have anything positive to say? What about your dereliction of duty in helping your own State. Time to retire!
Look, they both had to get passed. Two birds, one stone. Now please impeach Trump. Thanks.
McCain please do America a favor and retire
How would you know Congress's duties. You had duty to us to repeal health care and voted NO. You are part of the problem!
You need to go! How dare you! I promise you this no one I mean no one would vote you back in to the Senate! Retire now! Country depends onit
Actually, your ACA vote was the clearest example of dereliction of duty.  Don't move the goal post John.  Good try though.
Sometimes I don't get you.
Get them Mr.Mccain. set them straight. God Bless you.
So John, just more business as usual.
After obamacare vote you have nothing to talk about
One of the few Senators, or Congress members period who makes sense! Sen. McCain!!!
Says the most corrupt Senator in history...give me a Break!
But so is blocking cannabis legalization, something that cures, made illegal by ideology, religion, and greed.
Republicans ate ignoring u now.  Hmmm, I wonder why??
You voting to keep Obama care was a derelict move,go home retire&spend time with your family, you are reason why there should be term limits
