embarrassingly  these countries have better healthcare than America.
Now the vail of confusion shifts to a new frontier veterans/doctors/pain that's the new issue instead of health care  in general, no sidebar
I am a veteran mate. The real issue with healthcare in America is that its for profit.
other places docs get paid for making u better, the government doesn't tell the doc what to prescribe, our med prices, how much can I get
Like I said - for profit - if we have universal healthcare there would be no insurance companies and pharma would be regulated as gov wont $
Pharmacy scam, two friends and I take the same medicine we go to same pharmacy, three different prices 28 54 135, that's criminal
Why aren't u working on ur Syrian strategy for us??? It'd giv u something to do other than tweet bout yourself! @rushlimbaugh @seanhannity
look at the past eight years to know that John McCain is incapable of making any deal - he is nothing but a YES man!
Mcain responsible for Sarin gassing Syria , he had picture taken with the rebels and is about to be exposed .
Sanno Serbi, Croati, Sloveni che lei da 20 anni é a capo IRI,ramo repubblicano della Ned, parallela alla CIA, autore disastri in Iugoslavia?
https://twitter.com/jrnmyjohn/status/851443460720799745 …
Why not come visit #Austria while you're at it?
McCain looks nervous that one of those guys is going to step out and run him through...   gee whiz, I wonder why.
Why are you allowing Donald Trump to continue to rattle sabers at N. Korea.  You are letting him get us all in trouble. Stop him.
Why are you there? Don't you think that's the job of SOS?! I mean he is in Russia today!! I'd call that an undermine any way you look at it!
I bet you feel important...don't you wish you were President Trump?
You know I have nothing but respect for u, please do not bother the veteran/doctor relationship, test our police nurse teacher and doctors
All good until @realDonaldTrump tries to bomb them.
Are they gassing their people?
US TERRORIST COUNTRY GIVING WEAPONS TO TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS.
We are awaiting for your townhall in the next couple weeks
What do you care from Spokane or Kharkiv?  It doesn't involve you anyway, KremTroll.
What happened to the Russian investigation you said needed to be done? I guess Don the Con is getting us into a war so its ok now? #FlipFlop
Let's also investigate Hillary Clinton giving uranium to the Russians to support their nuclear progam
Is this a Russian or just a Trump idiot? That Fox talking point is kind of old.
Better get all the boondoggles in now - you will be out of office or dead of old age  very soon...
Always wanting something to do with War or Force. You must have a small unit! Do you?
john McCain  Is a terrorist country that gives weapons to terrorist organizations to act.
Did we miss something? Thought you were the Senator from Arizona not the Secretary of State.
When will you visit your constituents in Arizona? Hold a townhall!
Dare ya.
Stay there don't like the way you talk about our POTUS
Maybe visit Syria?  see what's really going on there?  Since you were so eager for Gonnie to send in the missiles.
You know you have a weak president when senators have to start doing his job for him.
How many places you want him in at once?
I hope you warned serbia on your visit there regarding their intention to destabilize the region.
They are russian Puppets.
 to Croatia
@realDonaldTrump Why the hell is McCain in Russia when Tillerson is there???? He is clearly undermining you! He's an embarrassment.
Cool! Can you please explain to @seanspicer @PressSec what an "ally" is before he makes a bigger fool of himself? Russia #alternativeallies
ISIS is John's ally
@POTUS can't be bothered to leave the golf course. Someone has to be chief diplomat if POTUS won't and SoS doesn't really want the job.
Ya get back to work and stop vacationing in my dollar . BTR yet retire and enjoy all the benefits you give yourselves  on our dollar.
Stop by Melanias sister to visit shes hoter then Melania.
#TrumpRussia
Don't trust you! War monger! Hear you set up OUR President.
Travel with moneys of tax voters
Can't wait for trumpf to cede these territories to his Russian a--holebuddies
How long will good relations last with #Tillerson & #putinspuppet dysfunctional @StateDept ?
I'll bet you just can't wait to go to war with them too. FUND THE WALL!!!!
FUND THE WALL!!!!
McCain you are a dope
Hey wacko bird. Stay there & do America a favor.
-Why are you  in other countries all the time, when you're a senator of "ONE" AMERICAN  state, AZ?-Songbird-Wet Start McCain??
@SenateDems didn't want to be in town while you stole the SCOTUS seat? You and the GOP will never be able to cleanse yourselves of this.
how convenient negative things happen after mccain visit mystery,like libya,syria,Ukraine,globalists obama order train rebels use chemical

Buy some of Melania food products while you are there. That is the only way your trip can be justified
BTW, Who is paying for all these trips you take to destroy foreign nations?  Again, you are not SOS
Ain't you the globetrotter for the globalists.  Trying to set something up in those countries to further globalist agenda? You are not SOS
I'm sure Trump will screw that up, too. Bid them farewell!
#Trumprussia is all that matters Sir.   #TrumpRussiaCollusion
@SenSchumer YOU WILL COME TO SEE TRUMP AND PUTIN ORCHESTRATED THE WHOLE THING!
çok izbesiniz bayım. sizi şahin kya versekte evire evire serinletse. çünkü muhaliflere kimyasal silahı kullnma emri veren yousochk sizsiniz!
How about visiting your constituents. Town hall NOW!
...did you check to see if Malania is from Slovenia.....
Oh I expect there will be a disaster there soon then. What are you planning you globalist neocon chump?
It's unfortunate that we don't have a Secretary of State for these kinds of vis—wait a minute...
Please run for President. As a former republican and a registered republican I am sickened by many fellow republicans showing party over USA
McCain also chooses party over country
Did you hook up with any of your terrorist buddies again?
Always remember that to force an election win the GOP made the world much more dangerous by colluding with Russia
Hope McCain didn't say anything derogatory about our PRESIDENT. I don't trust him traveling to foreign Countries.
With all due respect is there anyway we could convince you to stay over there
I refuse to watch this!
What about a town hall, Senator?
He's to busy flying around the world starting problems, he doesn't care about AZ
Hey McCrap- do u ever respond to all the bad tweets u get. U ain't to popular with many. Wow- u like being POTUS for a day? Free Vac. Retire
What a waste of a red carpet treatment.
Wonderful pictures.  Glad to see that part of the world is at peace.  Thank you Senator McCain.
Seriously- you are an embarrassment and are working with the deep state to undermine the Republic- resign already.
Thought you were a good guy you've lost all credibility all talk no action Trump's a traitor and so are you
Did you try and start a war with them?
No appointment in last year of presidency per joe Biden
We need you as POTUS.
God no!
Slovenia and Croatia run and hide
Well said!
