Focus on treason taking place in the White House and Putins control on Trump!
don't go to @realDonaldTrump level.  You are a proud American.  And soldiers come 1st. Keep moving sir
This man is a Traitor all his POW buddies think he is so they know more than you.
Why do you continue to roll over and let him insult you and spit in your face? Seriously?  Why?
why go down to trumps level?  Intelligent people know what kind of man John McCain is officers don't complain
I am a lifelong liberal. Thank you for your service. 
fag
Traitor! @mcsculpture @SenJohnMcCain
Why is Congress ignoring Russian involvement in our election? You're going to ignore it, aren't you?
Another waste of time and money.  You are all wardroom talk.
@LindaSuhler time to resign McCain you're a phoney rhino
Please go after @realDonaldTrump. You and the other senators have the power to end this madness.
Soros Puppet
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/soros-funded-paul-ryan-marco-rubio-jeb-bush-john-mccain-john-kasich-lindsey-graham-2016/ …
Jesus Christ.  You blame Soros for everything.  Now get a real profile
#followthemoney
be the hero we know you are and stand up to this tyrant who insults your service.
What service the getting caught then the giving the enemy comfort.  All his POW buddies say he is a traitor.
You need to go over to the Democrats that is what you are they are the only ones that support you Traitor to our county.
step up to the plate McCain you are wrong...you have never opened your mouth to help  til now....#Schummer lover#traitor
want to say TY for your cont'd service to America in military & Senate. I'm a Democrat who knows you always put #AmericaFirst
disagree, right now he's doing whatever #PresidentBannon and 45 tell him to. Stand up for Christ sake
I honor you. Now you need to SHUT UP!
when will you hold impeachment hearings on what's happening in #America?
for one thing he has done nothing to be impeached for. Try reading up on it
Take some refugees back to there own country to fight there WAR!
your inability to spell speaks volumes about your IQ and support of Trump
EAT A BIG BOWL OF SH**! How is that spelling!
any relation to Ted?  #psycho
You probably want to use the bathroom with little girls or you still confused about what you are?
please continue to stand strong for our country. The Russian/USA connection investigation has melted away. I support you!
why disparage the SEALs who carried out the raid? Especially to the media. Come on man you're better than that.
You are one of my heros.  I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
failed Presidential candidate neo con Cuck lol 
so when will the hearing start on the Yemen raid?
traitor
..is not the right job for you.
Trump is a wreck and uneducated unfit for us presidency
support your president!!!
just check with @UN before action. Fake it as peace-loving nation, maybe someday we'll make it.
thankyou for being vocal on the fiasco in Yemen. I hope the Senate Armed Services committee will do a thorough investigation
you should apologize to the family who lost their dad in the raid!!! You are a very sad person

.@justdreamin91 @SorenJnaii1 Absolutely

Here is the #StarfleetVerified script for the #PriceIsWrong phone call

…
What happened in AZ last night Senator? I would say it was the first terror attack in 2017 orchestrated by POTUS #Muslimban
Thank you for doing the right thing with regard to making sure the truth gets out.
Why are we still there? - if we haven't accomplished whatever it is we are trying to accomplish in 15 years, we're not gonna.
supporting you, Senator McCain. You will be remembered on the right side of history.
keep speaking out.
My grandpa was in Nazi POW camp in ww2, his b17 shot down, I don't agree with u but I have MUCH respect 4 u.
it was a political statement that made no sence.  It's a disservice to all those who sacrificed their lives for America.
you said the raid was not successful because we lost a man and a jet. So you would also characterize every other was the same
why no hearings on the Failed Yemen raid??
go go go ! Get trump !
Yo! Someone talking smack on you this morning, you just gonna take it?
How about a Benghazi-style investigation of Trump's Yemen fiasco and the death of two Americans there?
do what's right for AMERICA. Set parties aside. You have the opportunity to be a hero once more. Take it!
Can you please explain your support for Sessions?
as an American, i am motr worried about Iran, whas your plans for them?
had better do more than that!Work across the isle demand full investigation on Ptrump now before it's to late
why do you make it nearly impossible for your constituents to talk to you? Do you only talk to people who donate money?
McCain needs to stop supporting all the presidents ideas picks bans etc. stand up for America
Voting for every one of Trump's nominations emboldens him in his tyrannical attitude... now he's coming after you.
.@SenJohnMcCain I have visited the now sanitized version of the Hanoi Hilton. It was frightening. Thank you sir for your bravery and service
Maybe you should start an investigation again the tie with the President Trump and Russian President Putin.. It would be nice
The greatest thing you can do 4 our country is investigate the Russian connection & inform the citizens.
are you going to stand by & let him say this crap about you?
Look at all the liberals coming to defend John McCain.  Why is that John?
what about the Russian puppet or the Nazi regime taking over Washington? #JW
Thanks Senator MCCain for being honest Real Americans are With You!
beside all these nonsense going on I respect you because of your honesty and the energy to keep integrity in the system.
Thank you for your service. Then and now. Thank you for speaking out, regardless of WH reaction. Thank you.
I think you should step down.Your words are useless
what about investigation into #Putin and #election #WomensMarch #Aclu
I may not agree with many of your political approaches, but I want to thank you for all you do & your endless integrity.
I respect you   Thank you for your service.  Please stand up to Potus 45   Its enough. Price is guilty of insider trading
Don't pay any attention to the insults Trump throws at you.  Consider the source
Step down, you are an embarrassment to #GOP & USA. Publicly apologize @potus You r a poster boy for #TermLimits! #GreatAgain
please rally Republican leaders stop the devastating effects of Trump! Defend our national identity and international respect
how about what happened in Yemen??
Novel idea! Let's get out of Afghanistan. It will help to alleviate the bankrupting of the treasury and save young lives
#misplacedloyalty  Stop saying you're concerned then turning around and #rubberstaming @realDonaldTrump
Look around John, there's no winning going on anywhere, nothing but a clown show.   Sad.   Terrible.
How many times do you need to be kicked in the mouth by Trump before you realize that he needs to go back to NY?
Grow a pair John, Trump is destroying republican party
Sending troops out from the dinner table to die, 75 mil aircraft toast
retire old man all you good at is loosing!
Seems you have liberals on your side. You're a failed SEN. PLZ step down you're embarrassing yourself.
just like in your military career, please don't stop fighting to keep us safe. Thank you for your past and current service!
Pls protect our great country.  Fight this tyrant.  Pls don't sip the cray cray koolaid. #FightForOurMilitary
thank you Senator for speaking out against inaccurate rhetoric from the oval office.
How is the investigation into Russian hacking of US election coming along?
Your actions towards are president these last months have made me lose all respect for you.
when are the failed Yemen raid hearings?
#impeachtrump he is clearly trying to kill us all! He has insulted everyone except PUTIN! #lockhimup #russiagate
I am so thankful you are a person of principle, Taking action on an issue, based on its merits, not red or blue. Good values
Hold a hearing on removing the impostor-in-chief from office. He's pernicious & his attacks on you are disgraceful.
you are no more than a Soros puppet. Globalist.

.@SenJohnMcCain Make sure to kiss his ass again today & vote to confirm Tom Price so Arizonans can have their health care gutted. 
can't wait until you're arrested for treason
What about the Russian hacking?
.@SenJohnMcCain Meanwhile TBird's all over you this morning.
Stand up for the American People! For what's right and just! Forget partisan politics!
Try not to incourage WW3 if you can help it.
Lol what am I saying this traitor can't help himself.
Tell your party-member pussies they need to wake up from communal wet dream!
U have turned on UR party & America. I use to respect U but have seen your true colors. The best you can do 4 U.S is resign
Come on Senator, stand up for the USA. You let us down with DeVos&Sessions. Rein in Trump
Ready to lead change of (R.) alt-facters in removal of Putin's dick from Fake News Drumpf's asscunt & fucking him yourselves?
I don't understand why you voted DeVos in. You condemn what trump stands for but yet you vote in his picks...why
This man is destroying America. Someone needs to step in and get him help. He is showing signs of mental illness. #Unfit
45 is Commander in Chief. I can't think of a more terrifying sentence.
please aggressively respond to our reckless President
can you just let @realDonaldTrump have it already??  Even by voting against his unethical cabinet members?  Something?
This is far more important to our national security than the immigration nonsense.
will the big orange baby's insults be enough for you to finally grow a backbone?
#devos. You were bought. Shame on you
don't let Trump get to you. He never served.
proving that you're not a loser like djt says!
how much did you get from Soros?
Censured in 2014 by Rep AZ Party for being liberal- now known a Soros Puppet
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/soros-funded-paul-ryan-marco-rubio-jeb-bush-john-mccain-john-kasich-lindsey-graham-2016/ …
would love for you to host an "armed committee" that drags @realDonaldTrump from office
Only the GOP have the power to keep the US on track now. Trump makes new enemies for the country by the minute
Russia and his taxes!!! Please investigate!!
этот ощипаный бройлер всё ещё мнит себя орлом...
make sure you bring up Yemen as well. Fail
according to an #AlternativeFact in Orange county dead man is hero POW is not
sorry for the disrespect from @realDonaldTrump the american people do appreciate what you went through for our country!
Is President Steve Bannon in attendance? So you're OK with a Nazi in the White House? #StopPresidentBannon #collaborators
I thought you weren't permitted to question military missions?
See @realDonaldTrump, this is what doing your job looks like.
please help arm forces to be strong again
But what about Yemen??? #Yemen
with YOU involved this is concerning.  . .
first order of business.DON"T handle this with ulterior motive of running for president.war hero yes-constitutional cons.NOT
Sen McCain, please investigate Yemen.  We cant  send our soldiers into certain calamity and pile up civilian casualties.
You need to #ImpeachPOTUS enough is enough. We're with you. @Arizona_Strong @AZ4Change @IndivisibleAZ8 @ProgressNowAZ
Dear Sen, how can 45 continue to get away w/ violating every USA value/law. How dare he call u out? While I'm dem, I trust u
thank you senator for your service to our country in war AND peace. I don't always agree w you but you are a true hero 
Thank you for your honesty and service.
thank you for being one of the only ones in DC to call out @POTUS -others are disgraceful
TY for your service, TY for trying to protect other servicemen from this thoughtless administration and mission to hurt more
Respect to you for not going off like a nut job on twitter every day, even when someone attacks your credibility. 
McCain you couldn't win a war if you were from the most powerful country the world has ever known..See what I mean. #fakeHero
Are you going to stand back and let @POTUS continue to insult you, and your service?
we need one on the Yemen raid
Whatever you are a sell out to big business and billionaires. You Sir no longer represent America.
god bless you for being one of 2 republicans to stand up and speak out against our new autocrat
@realDonaldTrump Totally destroyed you today. Stop trying to curry favor with Democrats and the #FakeNewsMedia. Tired of it.
Yea and when will you hold a hearing to impeach Trump? Rolling over for him and ignoring his remarks to a 22 year veteran?
McCain is not afraid of illegit bullies.
Stance on Price?
you folded on DeVos. Now Trump comes for you. Will you bow down again or take a stand against him?
I pray he will and brings additional people who know the wrongs being put out there!
#GO #AWAY
