Please discuss this
С праздником тебя, герой! Сильно попа болела после вьетнамского плена? Ха ха ха
вот под кого Тимошенко косит постоянно жалко инвалидов-то что с убогих возьмешь
молодец, Енотик, что не забыл МакКеина поздравить с Победой ))Пусть вспомнит, сколько горя  и смертей он и ему подобные принесли вьетнамцам!
And u keep blaming Obama when you all blocked his every proposal. So disappointed with everyone
cnn is the only fake news network who will have this traitor on..
You have to earn back the trust of Americans.  You vote party before country when you stop doing that we can get behind you #impeachGOP
I have NO respect for anyone who voted for DeVos! Angry that you put the future of my special needs child in the hands of a nincompoop!
Very good, Join with the other Democrats.  #Retire and the Republican party will be much better off. You are the #Swamp.
Careful @SenJohnMcCain don't get your chin caught in your tie-knot. #fakejake #fakenews is your VA fixed yet? No? Still worst in USA? Sad
#fakenews  watch One America News Network on cable. News without propaganda. #fakejake won't ask u why your VA system is worst in USA.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain #America needs to see DT's #TaxReturns and to know what happened with #Russia & #election
Resign Sir! The country has passed you by
Please defend free press and our constitution from this dictator named trumo
Did Trump/Putin buy you too?  What's in your browser history?
His actions are what americans are looking at ..get real this is why we resist.. He still will not blame russia for hacking most recently
Why, to add to the rest of the fake news.
While you dilly, Russia acts:
#Daraa: Video shows little children who were killed by #Assad barrel bombs in #Daraa today. 
So when are you going to stop fighting to hide Vietnam records? MIA families don't care about your being #canaryofHanoi...just their troops.
There is NO law requiring taxes be revealed. You give away your colors w that false song
Just shut up and retire!! You are a democrat and a liar!! TRAITOR!!
Country b4 party; what are you people doing?!?!? Stand up for The People! Stand up for what's right McCain! #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia
Well aren't you special! Take your sorry sell back home... get out of Washington you lowlife!

UNWELCOME GUEST? Trump invites controversial Philippines leader Duterte to White House http://fxn.ws/2qmDeoB  via @foxnewspolitics
@JeffFlake Nuking North Korea or letting NK nuke California isn't going to distract us from #TrumpRussia or the fact the #GOP is complicit.
so ashamed of you and for you John McCain. You're the enemy. I've lost all respect for you.
Also, since when did you become POTUS to give a state of the union address?
I think it's time for you to go McCain. You try to stab POTUS in the back every chance you have. Since when did u become so liberal?
http://www.youngcons.com/ronald-reagan-released-one-set-of-tax-returns-and-labeled-it-invasion-of-privacy/ …
Would you PLEASE stop being embarrassing
If this trumpcare passes you will be screwing over all the former military who have joined the regular workforce.
Why don't you talk about how you blocked the search for the Vietnam POWs
You belong with the liberals since your one of them.
Destroy Kim Jong-un and generals,military bases,ships and nuclear centers.Authority will pass to civilians in North Korea.Then negotiate.
Otherwise in a few years, North Korea will have thousands of nuclear warheads! #DPRK #Korea #NorthKorea #Japan #Trump #USA #NATO #politics
Do us a favor and retire. You have turned into a traitor to our party. You and graham are despicable and pathetic.
Here's what Trump does: spend more money than any other President going on golf trips, picks fights with other countries, and whines.
Why do you go on that shit show. It's just demeaning.

McCain just read all the democratic nonsense below this tweet, goes to prove you to be the RINO, globalist you are
Glad there is one @GOP adult in D.C.  Keep up the good work @SenJohnMcCain!
U expect masses 2 follow rule of law & yet we have a Pres. who takes $ from foreign govts & he &family r exploiting office & u do nothing!
Watched - still trying to build bigger military- FOR WHAT?? I know, another war w/somebody! Pick 1! No matter 2 u!
Safety
Senator McCain & staff thank you for your service. The lack of engagement by unpresident Trump is troubling when we have soldiers in wars.
Don't f with Obamacare
Jake Tapper???? You're right at home with your biased Democrat-loving friends aren't you, John? Make up your mind which party you belong to!
why you are not anyone who cares about anything except getting on camera
Wrong guy to talk about the State of the union #RINO
Gettin awful sad in your old age.
Remember when you used to stand for something?
#TrumpRussia.
Hope you discussed Erdogan and Duterte! Trump seems to be aligning himself with all the worst world leaders.
Trumps speech was a disgusting attack on democracy and decency.  GOP needs to reclaim their patriotism now and rally against fascist regime!
Wouldn't watch CNN if my life depended on it.
Maybe your retirement, hopefully
I used to have a modicum of respect for you..., but that was before "party" became everything for you.
Great job senator
I really believed you would put country over party, so sad to see I was wrong. Please stand up for the United States.
You're a beacon of sanity vs a nutty executive. Pls   defend principle and not politics. Thanks.
What Is going on with Trump, Russia, Flynn, Sessions, Manafort.  Why are Trumps people foreign agents working for Russia.  It's treason.
Why are Trumps people secretly meeting with Russians, then lying about it.  Sessions lied to Congress under oath.  What is going on ?
We need to investigate Trump and all of his people to find out what is going on with Trump and Russia.
Erdogan, LePen, Farage, Putin, Deterte, etc, to great fanfare & conquering hero parades?
Oh one more thing stop telling the world on TV about our broken down military I mean seriously?
Why don't you & midget GF Lindsey do another Euro tour reassuring allies so they can ignore you 2 as pointless, or visit Drumpf allies...
John I do know you are in a very hard position but John you are the one who brought Dossier to light. Stop playing nice with GOP please John
"Piss-on voodoo III stimulate econ past growth w/o protections from Greater-than-Great Depress it causes & redistributes more wealth to 1%"
Sorry my respect for you is slowly dwindling your defense of Trump is quite sad time to put country first instead of supporting incompetence
Pay attention to what DJT does rather than what he says? do you realize how ridiculous you sound he's the POTUS what he says DOES MATTER!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain .
"Carnage" boy, time for you go, YOUR presence in Congress today is pissing on Goldwater's grave as you cave to "toad 1st," democracy last.
To defend DT and promote us going to war. No thanks John.
John watching you now. Stop pretending 45 is going be in office when you know RUSSIAGATE is real and you know they should all go down! Wtf?

Have GOP lost their mind?!... check trump... taunting NKorea is a NOT Plan!!!! Really angers me u aren't doing anything about it.
Tell that asshole Trump to stop bashing my party!!! He's a pathetic excuse of a flesh bag. McCain I have respected you so now show respect.
John please stop saying things like well we will see what 45 does? Come on man you know exactly what is in Dossier. Stop pretending, please
John, it doesn't matter if you're on CNN, nobody with a brain cares what those political Intelligencia zombies muddle.
Will you be state that you are calling for an #IndependentInvestigation? Release of @POTUS #taxreturns? More #transparency? #reformnotrepeal
Always respected you, but when you say watch POTUS's actions, not words, what about reckless threats to unhinged dictators? #wordsmatter
Oh lord... let the shit talking begin.. seriously you are worst than a Dem
Disgusting continued second guessing our administration.  Shameful dir
A failed maverick that isn't one.
Turn on, Tune in, Drop out.

If you're looking forward to Jake the Snake and John McCane's "exclusive" interview,
#YouMightBeANeverTrumper
Hey camera-hog #SenJohnMcCain are you bashing our President today?
Get an independent investigation committee to investigate Russia! Both Congress committees are doing nothing!  Majority want it!
Can wait to observe your courage in action by admitting Trump is a huge problem and opposing him.
Вспомни,из какого дерьма тебя вытащило #KGB и помяни храбрых вьетнамцев! А потом пляши дальше, Старый Петух, весели русских! #VietnamVictory
How about talking about trump inviting a mass murder to the White House, praising his war on drugs.  Wonderful person for you to worship.
Stand for our country or go down in the annals of history as one who was complicit. What side of history will@you be on?
Would you just shut up, retire, go fishing, write a book, anything to stop your undermining POTUS. Your spotlight time is past: LEAVE
Oh, another bash America session?  You've become cliche. Retire
The only reason you, your midget GF Lindsey & rest of Toad (R)s won't try to convict/impeach Drumpf: you know non-Pence-ive aided & abetted.
DEAR SENATOR MCCAIN 
WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW HOW & UNSTABLE TRUMP IS
U SIR & @GOP MUST KNOW HE IS 2!
HE NEEDS TO GO  ASAP 
He's amazing and I hope someday you can pull yourself out of the hate pool your in, it's very sad.
Your's & Congress's willingness 2 accept corrosive, narcissistic, pathological behavior of dangerous man in our Presidency is pure treachery
You never follow through on what you say, so I won't bother watching.
Lots to discuss, how are you going to suck up to trump this week.
Who do you want to declare war on today?
U sure go on CNN and MSNBC a lot. Is it because ur a fake republican and these 2 networks push ur anti-Trump agenda. U need to resign now.
Sir, though I truly respect and appreciate your sacrifice of military service, you have become just an agitator. Sad way to end service.
Senator McCain - you are very well informed and an excellent speaker. As a former naval officer myself, I really appreciate your positions.
Let PRESS respect for our President be one of them @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @KellyannePolls @SpeakerRyan @seanspicer @Reince 
You say one thing and do another. Trump is a criminal and you allow him to stay in the White House. You put party over country.
Go home john you turned back on this country
You demean yourself sir when you're on a Fake Jake gibberish show. Give it up. You can do better.
And no one will be listening.
Country over party..Trump's 100 day speach in P.A was very divided what kind of president does that
Onoodle?
I know u r a media hog, but PLEASE use it to demand IMPEACHMENT/REMOVAL
Like #Trumprussia ! Please call for an independent investigation. #countryoverparty #truth #rightsideofhistory
Could you discuss 45 inviting Duterte to our WH? Mass murdering his own citizens? Everyday is a new low for our great nation...
Can you explain 44 and the Iranian deal? HRC giving Russia 1/3 of our Uranium?
We know the Sotu and what you are not doing to fix it.
and won't say the honest thing to say  that this guy needs a shrink
Where is the role of the United States of America towards the Yazidi component, which is disappearing and displacement in Iraq.
None whatsoever. We don't want them here. Stay close by in Turkey until peace returns to Iraq.
Its politicians like u who know man child is not right in the head
Good Sunday Morning, The McCain Family, Sen. John & Cindy,  (Matriarch) Roberta
Great!  Tell us what you did with Steele's dossier, please.
PAST time for "Discussing"! Time for ACTION...like STOP being IRRESPONSIBLE & FIRE the Whole @POTUS Circus ...before it's TOO LATE!
I hope the convo includes your plan to work with the House to #ImpeachTrump. it's like y'all don't care abt him violating the Constitution.
#McCain is a gutless senator!
with u being mute on trump ur service deminished
#Wishy Washy Senator. Said he ingnores Trump's statement but likes his policies!!
Could you explain why the GOP prefers eliminating coverage for pre-ex conditions  than investigating treason?
Because they don't want to go after the treasonous sleaze Obama.  It's called "cover up".
Respect for you is completely gone now sir. By not standing up against Trump you enable him. You're complicit with his treachery. COMRADE
He's never been opposed to any conflict to my knowledge
just be sure to discuss the disaster the POTUS is to American liberty
You fit right in on CNN McCain. A fake news network and a fake Republican senator.  #songbird
I did. SAD! Party before patriotism, yet again.
not on that biased network
So you jump on a channel that when you tried to run for president bashed you non stop and attacked you
Is FOX in the middle of a commercial? Go back to where you belong, your safe zone
Hey @SenJohnMcCain you used "carnage" more than 2X this morning on #CNNSOTU. #ProfiteerTrump got wrong country in his speech? @SMShow #AMJoy
A liberal interviewing a liberal???

#fakenewsCNN
Please request Trump's tax returns before pushing any tax plan.
Defending a dictator who called you a loser for getting captured in Vietnam.  Party over country again...unfollowing you now
Senator you want more money for military! #trump squanders our tax money daily/ refuses to show tax returns/time to #demand accountability
u keep saying we need to build military and yet pentagon says there fine
You need to be joining the RETIRED COMMUNITY!
I am listening to you and am shocked when you say sometimes see what he does and not what he says... can you hear yourself?Making excuses
u keep making excuses for man child in WH which puts u in same place as him
I'd have McCain in the oval over orange guy any day. I'm a registered democrat, but the senator is a hero and fought.
Watching.  Way to skirt around the fact that the president is totally inept.  Are you able to stand up for anything?
What a joke!  When are you switching to the Democrat Party?
What he says and how he votes are two different things - he will always vote with the Repubs.
Do America a huuuge favor, STAY THERE! You fit right in with that crowd!
