John McCain is an awesome Senator.
#fakenews
Its not fake news

Senator McCain the time for reading pondering our predicament is over. @potus is threatening war to avoid Russia talk. What about our kids?
The whole Russian story is a fake narrative started over the fake Russian dossier that McCain just happened to have, too.
McCain probably is the one that leaked it in the first place he's a bitter evil old man he's mad he did not win the presidency
He is one of the few with some integrity.  But seriously that worship Trump wouldn't know a crook if he was picking your pocket - he is BTW.
Nope I was Democrat long time went with Trump McCain is undermining the pres
U don't know the true McCain believe me he is a dirtbaghttp://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/make-believe-maverick-20081016



@SenJohnMcCain @GOP @SenateGOP LETS PRAY he stays home and NEVER RETURNS TO D.C.!!!
Take a dirt nap,bye
John Mc Cain a traitor doesn't care about America.
RIDICULOUS . DISINFORMATION FOR SHEEPLE . .ANTI FACT = ANTIFADA
You call Putin dictator, how long you are US senator? 30 years. USA should get rid first of you
NOT RUSSIA, give it up!
John McCain has a revenge goal to. He's playing his part  in destroying Donald Trump and America.
Strange, isn't it that he took the public whipping from Obama & still went left.
Yes! Once a leftist always a leftist. He flat out needs to be stripped of his supposed hero status and medals. He's a traitor.
THE DEMONIZATION OF TRUMP & VOTERS IS AN INSULT TO  AMERICANS & OUR BIG AGENDA.

True he let down loads of Americans on repeal and replace but he gets to go to the Top Notch clinics for treatment
Putin's goal is rebuilding the Soviet impire and controlling the middl east, Eastren Europe and invade America
You can disagree with him, but like Trump and his supporters who clapped at his disrespectful words towards this vet and all vets #2u
Trump did disrespect McCain while campaigning just as he did all others but has always shown more respect for vets than McCain ever has.
So true corena where McCain for the last eight years did nothing for the Vets they were dying in their own country and being ignored
No that's your goal
why is everybody sticking their head in the sand? Wake up ppl..nah wake up Donald
Huh. Have you ever served Sir!!! How dare you call a living POW a disgrace
 The fact that you said that to a vet hero is disgraceful
He is a disgrace  he sang like a canary and bombed his own ship and also let down the American people by not repeat and replace
Yes. But, why won't the GOP impeach 45? Put Country over Party, for once! Impeach NOW!!
Cuz 65 million people voted to put president Trump in office if you try to take him out there's going to be big problems in this country
Still focused on Putin..wouldn't N K be a better issue to focus on right now? Is your hatred for Putin stronger than real threat to USA
He has already lectured us on how NK just needs a kind word or 2 to give up their nuke program.
Sounds like McCain..after all, he was behind arming the rebels in Syria too.
vova putin's goal is to make money and pretend they are legit
KGB
Support President Trump he has wisdom you don't!
Focus on North Korea Johnny!!!!!
Shame on you
Get off of your Russian drama. President and his administration will handle it with no help from you.
RETIRE.
So you get your Intel from the WSJ, no wonder you are so uninformed
You have had 25 years to do something and now ur whining?
You're delusional
And your helping by not supporting Trump, it is always about you I saw how you cast your NO vote  like a spoiled brat a revenge vote
Deal with your glioblastoma and leave the rest of us the f**k alone. #MAGA
You should be ashamed of yourself speaking against your President and not supporting the Agenda of the American people.  Traitor!
Russia is a a broken shithole with the economy of Spain. Fuck them, they're irrelevant.
Not saying anything we don't know. You don't help by obstructing POTUS progress even more than Dems. Get over losing! Contribute!
Putin is a better leader than#t mccain. At least he doesnt act like a child
Mr war monger john mccain hates putin and wants to go to war with russia  I say lets make putin and johnny duke it out..my money is on putin
@jaketapper @WSJ keep pushing senator we need you!
Congress betrayed the ppl who voted them in office forevering convincing us that you chose big business over the ppl. Europe is threaten
NKorea vowed 1000 fold revenge for sanctions we have let to hear from Iran. The enemies created by big business will unite against us
Hey McCain - You are so transparent. But guess what? It won't work with true Patriots. We are behind Prez Trump 100%. Buckle up.
We don't care what you say anymore , 7 years of lies and empty promises Get SomebRest Like Obamabsaid toyou "we have heard enough from you"
The Dems have wasted the whole Summer on Russia; nothing constructive has been accomplished! Maybe they need permanent Vacation!On taxpayrs$
Senator mccain, I do not agree with your usual negative statement on Trump's NK tough stance. It was meant for China, who is backing NK
Putin has already won, op chaos! Got u morons on the hill chasing ur tails. All based on a fake dossier & DNC hack the FBI never looked at?
John you've recovered from chemo pretty fast if you are back with this bullshit
Total propagandist garbage.
If I were Sen McCain..I'd be doing serious praying & NOT UNDERMINING OUR PRESIDENT!
Do people know Cindy McCain held fundraiser for Hillary! THIS IS ALL SEN MCCAINS REVENGE AGAINST TRUMP FOR WINNING!
You know all about revenge don't you?
Stop tweeting Do Something to Help US our family of 5 no insurance pray we don't get sick You showed your ass clear your hatred for POTUS
So why isn't the republican party focusing more on what Putin and Russia are doing? Get the president to pay attention. This is serious.
So, what exactly is Russia doing? Just how did they put Trump in office? The democrats, Hillary and 8 years of Obama put Trump there.
Dear McCain followers: Don't bother to read this crap. Google "Seth Rich" instead. Also, it was the US messing up #Ukraine, not #Russia.
WE VOTED FOR TRUMP - Russia didn't tell us to. Paul Manafort didn't tell us to. GET THE HELL OVER IT, Rino! #MAGA
tsar Vladimir isn't playing with 'little toy tanks' while Trump plays 'Battleship'
you let him continue
why?
why?
SOROS FUNDED Paul Ryan, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush, John McCain, John Kasich, Lindsey Graham in 2016!
Obama did the same thing where was your out rage,you're no better than the dems
You people need to remember it was Clinton who gave them nuclear technology ! Know trump needs to deal with it !
You had a labotomy at birth fuckstick. Get lost already Traitor!
Trump is Dangerous & U All Know That!!! TIME TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!
Now what's your reason for colluding with a foreign power to influence our election?

' If only the West can muster the will." 45 is Putin's public. How do we get GOP Congress to act?
Puppet. Not public.
Seriously?  You & your buddies sat on your ass as Obama & Hillary made bad deals w/Russia & did nothing. 20% of our uranium. You involved?
Exactly! McCain was very active in helping Obama & Hillary arm most of the Middle East & now wants to point fingers at Russia! Treason!
If this is all Russia and Putin's doings, then why is President Trump being investigated?
You and him are a complete joke you talk and talk and talk and both of you have done nothing
Your other pal Mitch McConnell's 7 years to repeal Obamacare and now he wants to blame Trump that he didn't give him enough time
Senator, you are doing a lot of tweeting, any chance you can get back to work and pass a healthcare bill that you ran on for 7 years
He doesn't care.  He has his insurance and plenty of wealth to pay his subsidized plan.
He is pursuing national self interest considering the US and NATO are standing around on his front porch conducting large scale mil maneuver
...anti-russian garbage everyday from mccain. He invades Syria blames Russia. McCain is a globalist
Forget Russian hackers why don't you worry about north korea
Russia Russia Russia! China stole all our OPM information & will soon be number one in the world What is wrong with your logic?Traitor
You have an article about revenge ! What was your healthcare vote about !
You got your Cold War. Enjoy it.
Too bad we overthrew the Ukraine and from Hillary emails SOROS stated Georgia
I am very sorry that @RonJohnsonWI attacked you.
Putin a 65 with a terrible economy. He won't live forever
Soros works for Putin and you work for Soros....a traitor never changes
the Russians did it the Russians did it, get over the bullshit.
You still alive?
The devil has long been waiting for you, John.
Never going to understand mystique of Putin. His Russia is easy to understand. Washington DC has a talent in misunderstanding.
Revenge......kinda like your vote to appeal Obamacare?
Thanks Chuckie.
John McCain has a revenge goal to. He's playing his party in destroying Donald Trump and America.
@SenJohnMcCain please keep quite and stay out of it, admin pass that along. McCain is doing enough damage. Please tell him to retire
Same goals McCain has. Hates Trump so he wants revenge and restore the good old Swamp where the working class get screwed.
Why do you hate Putin? I can tell you why it's all about jealousy. You lost to BHO because you didn't have the balls to fight for victory.
John, just remember who you voted for and take appropriate accolades and accountability for it
Well Songbird, u have an inside track here?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
That's all he's done for years is talk he's done absolutely nothing
Kinda sounds like yours
I'm sensing collusion here!
Retire "hero".
Please stop the madman in office before he kills us all. I don't have the power. I don't know who does. But someone must.
All you with your shots at his service HAVE YOU SERVRD?
I don't take shots at his military service. I grew up a proud military brat. But that doesn't mean I can't criticize his POLITICAL service!

If you had and still decided to throw disrespectful and immoral, non factual shots at your fellow vet I pray you are not still in
Vets speak up for each othe. I put my entire check you never served. Majority of Trump supporters never served a day.
Did Bennedict Arnold serve? How about Anthony John Walker? How about Bo Birgdall ? I'll take your check! Im a Vet.
What about them. What point did you make by naming them
Sounds like Schumer, Feinstein, Pelosi. Dems first  to the dnc core. Emails not withstanding hammers and CNN coaching.
Been reading Secondhand time.. amazing dive into the Soviet psyche
The NOKO situation proves just how Dangerous Putin is. Putin overplayed his hand this time.
No-one can take that title from you.
Against corrupt swsmp dwellers who lie to smerica snd constituents
My country tis of thee sweet land of liberty. Republicans now look like the dixicrats of the past. You R a True Republican sir.
please just retire, and right now I think NK is the most important issue, and because of leaders like you, NK has become this huge issue
Your battle buddies who R sitting by and allowing this has me 2 the core.  in the grass. They damaged ur party and 4 what? Not HC reform
It is unreasonable, in view of the destruction of the Soviet Union and some of the consequences, to say Putin is just making it up.
Yes, to quote it "Moscow must find and release kompromat ... to hobble [Clinton] campaign and deleigitimize the election".
Russia & so many other countries have plenty of compromising emails to take Hillary down thanks to her illegal private server!
Thank you maverick
 A true patriot that will not allow PARTY affiliation to destroy our country. Stay strong Sir. COUNTRY over Party.
Sell out
John McCain, you are a weasel that has been lying to and selling out your constituents to special interests for almost 40 years. You are a
disgrace to our armed forces, our congress, and every patriotic American. Your attempt to undermine our duly elected president is treasonous
Your time is short. You will face judgement and your current status will mean nothing. Resign your seat and attempt to atone for your crimes
Why do you constantly want to pick a fight with Russia!  Go get the TX you need you're a mess! Must be nice to have ins.
I thought McMaster discussion of this with @hughhewitt addressed U.S. interests very well.
John can we assume you'll be pushing for impeachment to prevent this? Or...nah
All talk-No action McCain?
McCain sold out long ago
So your point is what? POTUS should be more blunt and direct so you can criticize further. RETIRE already. Ruining whatever legacy you have.
McCain

I'm a constituent
Disabled Vietnam Vet

You're a TRAITOR

HAD VOTED 4 YOU
NOT LAST TIME
WHAT HAPPENED 2 U?
Sounds like your modus- revenge and retaliation against our sitting president. #TraitorMcCain
who cares what u say
Country over party. You know what Trump is. Time to act Congress!
It's evident Putin wants to restore Soviet era power and prestige to his Russia, our President  lived through cold war but learned nothing
Here you go again, worrying about Russia, Russia, Russia! When are you going to start focusing on the USA! #Healthcare!
Traitor
Пу́тин
1999-2000:  Premier
2000: Acting President
2001-2008: President
2008-2012: Premier (Medvedyev puppet President)
2012-????: President
полагаю John McCain теряет драгоценное время и упускает возможности своего спасения.
Same as Hitler.
@jaketapper @WSJ you are a idiout
Sounds exactly like Mccains goal of revenge and restoration against Trump.
Stop blaming Putin. Your trump is responsible and GOP is responsible for its greed and power play for not putting an end to trump's idiocy!
Says the songbird.  You deserve Obamacare.
Sounds like your campaign to undermine a sitting POTUS, Susan Collins called and said your pink pussy hat is ready!
Sooo disrespectful and filled of hate. Ur words sadden me sir.
Hate? How do you get hate out of that? Disdain, maybe, but not hate. Surely not close to the hate he shows for POTUS Trump!
Remember, Trump supporters will never turn their backs on him. We will Clean out the Swamp
McCain represents the swamp!
If you think Putin is more dangerous than Islam you're indeed unfit for any position of leadership-cold war is over
BULL SHIT JOHN, YOU KNOW BETTER. RETIRE.
The same goes for US meddling in the Middle East and Africa. Kettle, meet Samovar.
John idiot one-armed bandit Mc: It was Google's Russian owner, Serge, who hacked the election.  Are you unaware of this or out of the loop?
Horseshit, John.
Just worry about yourself.   remember repeal and replace. Now body believes your foolish words
This is the guy that, among other things, left his own sailors to die on the bottom of the ocean.  @PutinRF @PutinRF_Eng
Manafort's home raided on 7/26 by FBI... Hours later Trump throws Transgender Ban as diversion and goes after Acting Dir. Mcabe
TRAITOR KILLED 133 SAILORS SHOWING OFF GOT AWAY WITH IT CAUSE OF WHO HIS FATHER WAS.
ur a azzhole and a embarrassment to us vets who no the truth ur a liar and  coward and because ur feelings r hurt u will destroy us VERY SAD
U guys still dont see that Trump is trying to swallow the GOP establishment
"Russia, Russia, Russia" as North Korea lobs threats with real substance...
Yes Sir
Liar traitor shut up
