Please resign today! Thats all!
Why should he do that?
Because he has sold out this country. From Vietnam to now just to line his pockets. Thats a start!
Umm okay. I guess protecting your constituents from a bad plan is selling out. He voted on a motion to debate a better plan not a half ass 1
Really? I guess you supported the "You can read it after it passes plan". Because thats a real bad plan
I don't support n/e plan that will throw mils of folks off of their medical ins. 7 yrs was long enough for a good solid plan.  GOP failed.
Every working adult i know that has insurance, their premiums went up or their deductibles did.  It is a strain on working americans
No 1 disputes that. But the GOP plan did not fix that problem. In fact it would have gotten worst.
And how does it feel when you promised REPEATEDLY to help fix our healthcare and you were a deciding vote last night!
He voted no because there was no plan to actually fix anything. He might vote yes if there is a concrete reason to do so.
It was called "conference" thats how you make concrete with both chambers have differing views.
There was NO guarantee that that would occur. All Ryan had to say was ok we can't do better and send it for signature. That's BS.
@SpeakerRyan did in fact make a commitment to hammer out a deal - did u not read his statement. Now that's what I call BS. The Senate failed
you can't trust conservatives to choose people over big money #NotALickOfTrust
While Patriots prayed for @SenJohnMcCain health, he killed & hurt thousands of Americans by voting NO! "Fear those who have nothing to lose"
How much do they pay u to turn on the people that voted u into office?
Wow that was uncalled for.  Proud of yourself?
Got an argument?
An argument for you? The Rs have had ample opportunity to come up a better version....they didn't.
Nothing would be better
Anyway, the point of my response was to point out your unproductive emotional moral posturing.
Give me a break. My moral compass is just fine. It's not me who wants to take away health care from folks. I'm inclusive..look I've heard u.
I'm no fan of @SenJohnMcCain healthcare vote but the last 3 generations of his family have served this great country.  Let's wish him well.
Awww.. someone blocked a bill you were for... hmmm sounds familiar?
Unfortunately one senator blocked healthcare repeal
unfortunate that you blocked the healthcare repeal americans needed
"Let Donald make America great now!" What a traitorous piece of crap.
I senator blocked? Oh that sounds familiar
Didn't you pull the same crap a few days ago. Retire!
Pot calling the kettle black. He can't pick and choose what words he stands by. How dare he call someone out.

Unfortunate one Senator blocked Ocare repeal America needs.
Illness or not you failed to save us from Obama care. You lied to the people. No excuse.
#Democrats cheering for #Americans suffering with high premiums and essentially NO #healthcare.
#skinnyrepeal 
@SenJohnMcCain -resign 
Let's put all pressure on dems. They voted for the unaffordable care act..they own it. Get the word out.blame the dems. McCain failure!
All troops need the best gear, leaders and compensation....however I think our military is larger than necessary...
Unfortunate 1 senator Blocked healthcare reform too ! If u had OCare, do you think you'd be ALIVE today? Ask a Native or a Vet about Gov BS
You're an USA  hero for protecting millions from losing their health care and it is common sense that GOP and @SenateDems 2 work together
Yeah a real hero for preventing those of us who lost our heath ins under ACA from getting back into the market or choosing our doctors. Smh
Yeah, like losing the mandate for companies to offer their employees health insurance would be sooo much better.
Employer mandate is for companies with 50+. Most don't, and now won't...in order to not have to offer. Puts all their employees out of ins.
No, if a company wants or needs to grow, they will hire the necessary staff.
Temps, no ins
Like I said, if an employer wants to be a sleazy queasy no bull dick then yeah, he'll screw over his employees by cutting hours.
Or maybe if an employer wants to make money, he'll do what's in the interest of his business and not for the socialist utopia.
Oh hush, you hypocrite
thanks 4 standing up to GOP cult! There are the american people, then there are that faction who wants to live in an ayn rand fantasy
Hard to stomach listening to you whine about this after you stopped the Obama care repeal .
Im shocked you are mentioning this when your 1 vote blocked Obamacare repeal just to spite the potus. You also spited American citizens
Just like you blocked the repeal of obamacare, unfortunate
Thanx now my kid can't afford insurance
My kid can because of the ACA.  With a $500 deductible,$30 copay for $33 a month.  Some of the issues with the ACA vary by state.
http://dennismichaellynch.com/couple-unable-afford-obamacare-jump-death/ …
Congrats you're a bunch of murders.   Your hate for Trump makes you ineffective.
This article is not accurate. The couple was in deep financial trouble, but there was no mention of medical-cost struggles in their notes.
The suicide note found did blame Obama Care. Their financial trouble was partly due to the ^ cost of heath care. They both had med problems.
More Americans die from addictions, unhealthy food and poor health care than from bullets or bombs...health care is defense too
The pot calling the kettle black
Sucks when one Senator f--ks up everything huh
You are the problem John. You are a war hawk and are showing seditious behavior. You are a Republican, quit playing for the other side.
Really hope they block all you stand for because we just can't trust your judgement.  You show poor judgement sir.  I'm sorry.
Pot, meet Kettle
#suckitupbuttercup #youvebeenmavericked
All good, Obamacare will be goose soon. Isn't Buttercup a micro-aggression? I better run to my safe space
Unfortunately 1 senator blocked healthcare repeal that Americans needed.
Just like one Senator blocked ACA repeal?  Can't really listen to you now.
Used to love this man and in ways I still do but I no longer trust his decision making skills. He turned on his own people who elected him.
Really.. because he went by what his Governor told him and I think the Gov. knows what is good for the people of Nevada.
All you have to do is you tube or google the ads he ran on during 2016 to see what he promised his constituents.  He ran on repeal.
Yes if the replacement was better, it was not. He wants a good bill. Too bad other R's don't feel the same way
It was a start.  It's never going to be perfect but now it doesn't matter.  It's done.  The mandates were huge to those who elected him.
Well maybe ALL of them will start acting like adults and actually do something to help the American people
I believe repeal will help and that is why I'm for it,
Karma is coming for you.
Stop the hate if you do not like how or what Congress is voting on then man /woman up and go run- walk in their shoes
No. He screwed my family. I can say what I want
Including a WALL, Defend US borders !
Another obligation congress has is to provide common sense healthcare.  Unfortunately one senator blocked that.
Good you deserve the cockblock after you force AZ to keep high medical premiums.  The military received pay increase no thanks to you.
1 senator stopped the repeal of obamacare
Oh, get off John.  Thankfully Senator Paul is tired of old swamp creatures like you using ndaa spy excuse on the american people. #Liberty
Should have followed your own advice.
Why do you care?
Kind of like the 1 senator that blocked health care reform?
You said no to repeal Obama care no difference here. Jump in the boat with the President or quit you add hooole
MilitaryOption in NKorea Insane Use NixonianDiplomacy. RedChina became China a Trade Partner.Give Kim Jong what he craves Status/Recognition
You lied through your teeth to the American people. You are a traitor.
Holy shit do you have any self-awareness? Or was that surgically removed too?
Only people with half a brain obstruct out of pure pettiness Senator. Your excuse on repeal Ocare is pathetic. You offered NO alternative.
I voted for Sen McCain, and I would again. TY for your no vote and wanting to work on a good bill, praying over you
Oh the Irony of you talking about one senator letting down the party and America.
And three blocked fixing healthcare...
Who?
Sounds familiar to be...America need ACA REPEAL...wonder who blocked that???
Joe Biden Reportedly Called John McCain Ahead Of Crucial Obamacare Repeal Vote

Please don't pretend u ever gave a shit about the troops. By the way were seen at the VA? Didn't think so.
Sort of like when you blocked the repel of Obamacare with your vote. Spiteful
Unfortunate 1 senator blocked health care bill Americans need.
Like your vote stopped the repeal. You put vengeance @realDonaldTrump above the American people. Sad.
Just like you sentenced us all to unaffordable pain with OC.
Now you how everyone else feels after you screwed everyone over on healthcare
Americans #StandWithRand bc he listens and is an informed legislator. @SenJohnMcCain isn't a maverick. He's a charlatan & stubborn buffoon.
1 shifty senator is all it takes to screw a bunch of people isn't it Johnny
You're an embarrassment to the Senate and make an excellent case for term limits.  Rand Paul is one of the few patriots in Congress
Trust me Senator, WE KNOW EXACTLY HOW YOU FEEL WHEN ONE VOTE CONTROLLED (RUINED) THE ENTIRE VOTING EFFORT. Comically ironic. Jokes on us!!
R U f'in kidding me Senator McCain?!? Sucks when one Senator screws over the whole nation, huh!!!
Republicans destroying their party.....one bill at a time. You will never get elected again! Hope you're happy.
Are you covered under ACA? Didn't think so?
What's unfortunate is #TraitorMcCain not ending Ocare globalist RINO @RandPaul is fighting for us, you are on the wrong side of history
Doesn't feel good when someone you relied upon doesn't support an important vote...seems GOP repeal supporters could say the same about you!
And you oughtta know, since you unfortunately blocked obamacare repeal after promising to do the opposite. You are a coward and a hypocrite.
Speaking of bills, how much are you being paid to keep Obamacare on the books?
Cheers @RandPaul
Y'all know he's a hero right? Wait wait...you guys didn't actually vote for McCain expecting a rubber stamp did you?
Hey John kind of like blocking repeal and replace. You need to retire
He's no hero...he's secretly a Soros puppet masquerading as a patriot.
Looks like 7 blocked full repeal of OCare which 6 of them voted for previously but lied to their constituents now that it actually mattered.
Just payback for what u did...see how quickly karma kicked in
When are you 2 learn you cant take it with you how much money is enough for you how much do your kids really need if you taught them to work
And then you proceeded to screw the Country because you were upset with @RandPaul
Well just they dont want to do their share i own a company but all in all its the rich not wantimg to help the poor its alwasy been that way
Huh....1 Senator fucked everything up. Sounds familiar.
Is there a bigger obstructionist than you?
Oh well SongBird! Sucks to be you doesn't it
Like YOU did with the Repeal?! I guess it's a good thing YOU don't have Obamacare!!
God bless you.. for holding your principals higher then party
Unfortunate one senator blocked #Repeal!  #Alinskitactics
yep, 1 senator can block a lot these days.
envy & spite will get him nowhere
Unfortunate one Senator failed to vote to lift the misery of Obamacare.
UNFORTUNATE YOU BECAME HONORARY @TheDemocrats and stated derogatory statement about @potus Time for you to #resignandreplace. Take care.
Thank you for saving my family from going bankrupt quickly. Need a double lung transplant and the proposed lifetime cap would have done it.
3 Senators just screwed an entire country into keeping CharlieGardCare.
Unfortunately, one senator blocked the at least partial repeal of an the abdominal ACA!  YOU...
A donkey wearing a rhino skin pretending to be an elephant... https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
1 Senator also blocked the repeal of obamacare ???   Who was that again.. oh right... whoops. @RealJamesWoods
Not the best way to end your legacy. Still seeking approval from elites. Hopefully your republican replacement will support the President.

Don't you hate it when another Senator blocks a bill that all other Republicans like??  Hope does it feel??  You reap what you sow!
How about putting the constitution and our freedom first?
How does it feel to disappoint who u claim are ur base?  Many military men & women also have to buy into the ACA marketplace after serving!
We don't need more defense spending. Use the money better. 1/2 Trillion per year is an insane amount of money as is!
Politicians like u are the reason Repub had trouble winning elections prior to Trump!  U have nerve to hate him for doing what u couldn't.
Thank you for your Vote! Get well soon
Who was that u. U seem pretty good at blocking things
Like you did ? now my two grown working children still have their $7000. deductible which for them means no insurance
When u are out of the way this bill will pass. U eff'd over your colleagues and they returned the favor. Please get well but get out now.
John: I am deep state!
Republicans are a joke. They will pay the price in 2018.
Sort of like you and the repeal. Retire man please go away traitor
Unfortunate one senator blocked repeal if Obamacare.
One Senator prevented my wife from getting health care. Waiting for Medicare now.  18 months and holding our breath
And one senator decided to not repeal ACA...you're a disappoinment, John.
thanks for having the courage to vote now! The skinny senate health bill was crap and you knew it? Others didn't care?
Term limits are needed now. Career politicians must go!!! Time to retire John.
Just like you turned your back on America with repeal and when you gave up your comrades in Nam.
Why would anyone do that? Maybe an isolationist following #trump's America First.
Pay back
It sucks when one senator cockblocks your bill doesn't it Johnny. Oh well, couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.

Bye Bye McCain, you won't be missed!

You are a vitcom
Yes very unfortunate that 1 Senator blocked the path to bipartisan Healthcare reform....oh wait, that's YOU!
These words, in particular, ring very hollow coming from you.
Praise the lord. A republican who puts country 1st! God bless you sir. You're my hero. Thank you for standing up for what's right. Smart man
Respect you even more now
Actually it's good
@MeghanMcCain don't lecture now traitor
I Stand With Rand! No more unnecessary wars!
Like #OneSenator colluded with Schumer sidetracked healthcare repeal
Unfortunate 1 senator block bill for additional troops? Who was that? What should be fine to that ONE senator?
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
Kind like he blocked the senate from going to conference on Obama care. Sucks don't it. Shame your dad isn't forced to use Obamacare
Mr. McCain, I have seen as years have passed you more motivated by donors. How much $$ do you need? Do us a favor - RETIRE, you have lost it
Yeah his diagnosis really explains alot. O wosh the bitter old prick would spend his last few months with his family

If true, he put himself headfirst into the trash bin of history... https://twitter.com/jackposobiec/status/891033871181021184 …
Just like one senator block the health care bill, DC is filled with hypocrites
And you see No parallel with your stunt health care vote?  You can't be that clueless.
This is how I feel about your vote last night
The biggest traitor in the GOP.  Please, just switch over to the DNC already.  That's where you belong. SELLOUT!
Rand Paul was punishing you. THANK YOU for taking the hit for the 16 million that would have lost all insurance & millions more priced out.
Unfortunate one blocked the skinny repeal
You should have to use Obama Care you hypocrite... The world will live perfectly fine if you aren't on your pulpit! Retire Benedict Arnold!
Why aren't u getting med treatment @ VA like rest of vets? Instead you get the best of the best at MAYO & hang your constituents out to dry.
Kind of like him blocking the insurance bill I needed
Whoa!  One senator blocked progress?  Color me shocked! You can cut the #irony with a knife.
Like you blocked healthcare for millions. Go away!
How juvenile to play tit 4 tat with Americans' welfare. So disappointed in you and the legacy you will leave behind. Shame on you!
Well you have a history of blocking things with 1 vote....
You can expect more of that, you wanted the adoration of the media and DEMs by sinking health care repeal now it's time to pay up
Sounds familiar one vote, you mean like your BS stunt you pulled on healthcare. Your in fantasy land, Dems want nothing we want.
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"


