@WSJopinion 
John doesn't tweet unless it hurts POTUS.
Retire you angry old jealous man.
Why doesn't Trump do his damn job?
Do you consider the US military a handout?
Yep.
#USArmy @VIGUARD, @DeptofDefense provide hurricane relief efforts in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. https://go.usa.gov/xRhWj  
Have you talked to anyone from PR? seriously. 
EVERYONE, EVERYONE says they have gotten nothing. Who do yoy believe?
Isn't it overdue for PR to become a state?
I believe it is. Many young men and women from Puerto Rico proudly serve in the US Military.  Each year P.R. petitions Congress for
Statehood status, and each year they are denied.  You know it won't happen while 45's in office they have brown skin...
Hello??? Congress has to approve!!  Can you hear me now???
Exactly!! Trump has been trying to pass the Jones law approved but CONGRESS, including MCCAIN, won't pass it!! This has 0 to do with RACE!
Wow r u a Russian? The Jones law aka Has Been around over 70 years. No Trump is not trying to pass he denied the waiver.
He did approve the waiver, MSM won't publish the truth. Their agenda is to keep you in the dark to further their political cause.
Sorry,ive been on this since last wkend.Asof Tue DENIED waiver, Wed Gov begged & DT rever posit esp aft DT shipping industry stmt RESEARCH!
Thank you for your effort Sen. McCain. We all know DT is vindictive & he only did it because you saved our HC & are a true Patriot. Maybe
as well as him being a well known racist. Maybe there is another way help & assistance can arrive there ie, AF Transport planes? Please keep
trying, Puerto Ricans are also American citizens & what Trump is doing or not doing is a crime against humanity by stalling/delaying aid
Their getting Aid and he sent a hospital ship also. So that's a lie dear
USNS Comfort will take 9 days to get there. So no it's not a lie. They need aid like last week.
And he only sent it after Hillary publicly suggested it.
It had been moored in Norfolk all that time. Such a shameful disgrace due to his racist behavior
Every day this administration never ceases to amaze me.
I bet if Trump's kids lived there, it would be a different story!
Thank you, sir, for being true to your own conscience, for not repealing ACA! We have 2! Scientists in our own tiny family that have Multiple Myeloma (oh, and a cousin in NJ), who thank god for ACA.  Our son, also has been saved from bankruptcy b-cuz of it.  Tu, tu, tu. Angel.
There is and has been help there, and there is more on the way. You won't hear about it though, because it doesn't fit the agenda
Omg. Thank you. FEMA and others were put in place before they got hit. Trump is handling these hurricanes better than Obama ever did.
SHUT UP TRAITOR MCCAIN...YOU ARE A TRAITOR...A DEMOCRAT...AN ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE OF THIS NATION..RESIGN NOW
McCain you are scrum.
Thx! There should be no restrictions on shipping relief to Puerto Rico! American lives are at stake! @SenToomey @SenCasey @RepMeehan 19083
Just another opportunity to slam Trump. You spoke too soon.
PRAYING FOR OUR PEOPLE IN PUERTO RICO!!!
is the National Guard there to help with delivery?  
#HelpPuertoRicoNOW
So proud of you for standing up for  and USVI.  This is a bipartisan issue to help our fellow citizens of the 
Thank you Senator McCain. Prayers that you stay well.
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!

McCain for president.
No, the $tupidest thing U should have heard today is ...

Wait for it

DRUMPF IS PRESIDENT !!!
GTFOH..
Go Figure !!
Your name says you're a Vet. Thank u for your service. Have a nice day. God bless u and our wonderful country.
Thank U for the Acknowledgment,

God bless U and Urs as well
Absolutely. We may differ in opinion about politics, but its no reason not to get along. I habe nothing but respect for our military & LEO.
Wrong. Trump is UNFIT
Sort of like the way YOU declined to repeal Obamacare? Will you please go back to AZ and retire?
Unbelievable that u don’t support it. There’s tons of containers waiting to be delivered on PR but a lack of drivers is the issue not ships
Maybe you haven't heard? Bring all the ships you want. Doesn't help if it can't get past the docks!
That was for you Johhnyboy
When the Pot Calls the Kettle Unjust, Both  Recessive, Controlling Mentalities  (Liars) Have No Hiding Place. #IndigenousSouls
Good news: with public pressure, the Trump administration  waived the #JonesAct 

Bad news: for only 10 Days! 
Actually, Scavino just tweeted this morning that the PRESIDENT waived the Jones Act. 
End O'Care!
POTUS did waive the #JonesAct
You are part of the swamp. Try putting the American people first over your hate for Pres Trump. U stab him in the back every chance you get
Lie HARDER http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/28/politics/puerto-rico-governor-white-house-jones-act-waiver/index.html … you only had decades to repeal this Union Protectionism
Lie HARDER https://pjmedia.com/instapundit/276839/ …
Maybe sometime during your career you should have tried to repeal that Unionist protectionism that Trump just WAIVED?
Retire, John. Just leave. A Senator with nothing to lose is a pointless one.
Thank you Sen McCain for showing what a douche Trump is.
McCain, why do you claim to be both a Republican AND a hero when you're  neither. Might be a good time to come clean since you're now 80 
McCain! Too late to play hero! POWs & the Viet Cong KNOW you for what you are (more importantly for what you were)! You can only FOOL kids!
Even Republicans see the injustice of this!
I see you have lobbied to roll back this Act. how can we help to make this good for the Island and the people of Puerto Rico?
And still the GOP defends this pathetic so-called president #ImpeachNOW
One week too late. Anyone who thinks he will still be in the White House in 2020 - let alone beyond - is completely delusional. #sad
#TermLimits!! #Draintheswamp  how long do we have to suffer as a people because John McCains plane was shot down decades ago? How long?!!
Your a liar!  I'm so glad U never became president. Please retire, your brain tumor has clouded ur decision making. https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/09/28/politics/puerto-rico-governor-white-house-jones-act-waiver/index.html …
Really you liar! Retire!! You lying corrupt thing!!
I'd like to hear your take on dt wanting PR evacuees to pay full price for being airlifted out & holding their Passports until debt is paid!
dt has treated Puerto Rico as a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY and not as the US Territory it is!  MILLIONS there are in desperate need.
Another lie and opportunity to divide. What a scumbag McCain is.
Conflicting information https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/09/28/politics/puerto-rico-governor-white-house-jones-act-waiver/index.html …
He has signed to waive the Jones Act, I dont understand the gov takes its time for everything, our POTUS takes time to review it.
Mc Cain, instead of fighting our POTUS why dont you work with him!
@POTUS come on these people need a leader
I don't understand why nobody asks them to their faces "Why did you waive it for TX and FL? Explain!"
DEPLORABLE hypocrisy!!!
Why are the R's allowing him so much power?!  Stop blaming and start acting!
Way to go Senator.  You have stepped up and filled the integrity void in Congress  created with Ted Kennedy's passing.  Thank you Sir.
Despicable cretin.. that's Trump.  Gosh, in. my lifetime, I don't think I've ever hated anyone as much as I hate Trump.
@marybschneider @WSJ congress approve PR statehood


Nice house john


Why doesn't everyone just call out Trump for the asshole that he is, God I hate that man.
He's remembering that his golf course went bankrupt there. Angry little twerp he is...
I wish Trumpholes would read this article. They're critical of PR, and Puerto Ricans have been taken advantage of, treated like 2nd class.
Keep kicking his ass, Senator. Give him hell!!!
retire... retire...   go away...  you suck... go away... retire. You are a traitor to Republicans. You will not be remembered well.
F u
@SenJohnMcCain : DO SOMETHING. FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, DO SOMETHING
lives lost, starting yesterday, from lack of water, respirators not working or in hospitals with no generators, he should be tried 4 murder
Thank you Senator for continuing to do the right thing! Your efforts are not going unnoticed and your fellow GOP colleagues should take note
"Second class Citizens" such as @AstroAcaba @ricky_martin @Lin_Manuel, Roberto Clemente,  Rita Moreno, @jjbareapr @MonicaAce93 .. Go figure
He doesn't care about anyone that's not white!!
Absolutely HORRIBLE!!!  When will he be kicked outta office?!?!?!
They are American Citizens, and you refuse??? They need relief now
@SenJohnMcCain Please do something! You have seniority in senate!!
Thank you--we need to help these Americans!
Democrat McCain just exactly why is waiving the Jones act necessary? FEMA director said it's not need with the current power situation
YOU LOST JOHNNY, GIVE IT UP
If only congress had power to change law.
@realDonaldTrump is a real dick #SorryNotSorry @SenJohnMcCain thank you for being you 
Glad you are responding to PR!!!
Thank you for your vote to save our healthcare! I am praying for you! You are a Hero to many of us! 
Get rid of that evil shit John! Stop your president and party from hurting AMERICANS!!

What are we going to do about this?  
American citizens are dying.   
Sir, that man is a disgusting human being and an even worse @POTUS. When will the @GOP put the country before power n greed? We r waiting!
Still an as@hole John.
I wish you could help them and us, from this crazy man. I'm scared for Puerto Rican's , I'm scared for all of us ! I'm scared of tomorrow 
@realDonaldTrump is a heartless vile excuse 4 human being. Had this been a posh resort w/ rich forced 2 drink tap water, things be different
Better headline, Senator John McCain lied to constituents that he would vote to repeal and replace O’Bamacare!
Yeah, the ship companies are concerned about a TEMPORARY LIFT however when victims are white in TX, FL they don't mind @SpeakerRyan PLEASE
Shameful
Wave the Jones Act now and save our fellow Americans
I wonder if POTUS realises that Puerto Rico is totally destroyed. Their infrastructure has been totally and completely obliterated
Every day, I lose more and more of the great respect I have for you. Soon, there will be none left. Couch, Kenton, Radioman, U.S.S. Intrepid
Retire traitor
Its has been for so long.PPD members have been making alliances to stop pro statehood movement and that must stop to resolve the issue.
McCain is first class stupid even for a American Hero, John it's about DISTRIBUTION of goods that are on the docks. He needs a picture
trump is a national embarrassment.
Can Congress suspend the ACT for now?
I need a "wtf" jar that I put a $1 in every time I say that. I would have saved so much $$ since trump took office
and you save Obamacare. Constituents in Arizona are suffering
You've become a muckraker. You will resort to any anti Trump propaganda you can. Your legacy is shot. Bitter old petty punk.
This unacceptable!!!!!!!!!  @realDonaldTrump RESIGN!! Americans are dying!!!
@SenjohnMcCain I am quite aware of this, but you are in a better position to do something about it than I.
How much influence did Ms Chao have in this decision? It's insanely wrong on any level. If N Korea bobs Guam in the "middle" of the ocean?
You are just like Hillary,  always pointing out someone's faults but never man up to your own faults
@JustSchmeltzer @WSJ 
Senator, thank you for acting with dignity and conscience.

Please go away Senator !!!
@realDonaldTrump Puerto Rico is part of America.  Just thought you might need to be reminded of that. #PuertoRicoRelief
Can 45* be charged with negligent homicide for Americans dying in Puerto Rico because of his delays & refusal to waive the Jones Act?
John McCain, go down there a distribute the fuel and water, it's not about supply it's about distribution. Still getting your facts from NYT
And what of usa second class? The one you dont see. Take all that you have and who are you! I will never vote for you again!
And you declined to keep your promise to those who elected you.
45 just found out they were American citizens and there are not enough white people there to care.
This is an Emergency these are Humans he is the Devil God have Mercy
Is that in retaliation for #PuertoRicans voting for #MarcoRubio during the 2016 primaries instead of his emperorship? #JonesAct

Unbelievable. I wonder if it was his family
Second class? Like your 1st wife?
If u were a badass before, you're really a badass now. Thanks. America needed a hero.
Impeachment now before the damage becomes worse. He is not able to handle the position of President.
Sen McCain, what planet is @realDonaldTrump from, please? He cares nothing about anyone but himself.
WTF @SenJohnMcCain @Politics_PR @WSJ
Please recruit candidates to primary this man in our WH. #NoTrump2020
Why??? Can't you do anything about this in the senate?
Puerto Rico - where white America goes shopping for maids and soldiers! Now they'll be desperate and available for even lower wages.
They aren't his base.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. I'm praying for your health 
People are dying and Trump is worried about profits of shipping industry.
@JadyJacobson @WSJ Sen McCain is a hero&patriot. BTW  if the Viet Cong cudnt break him, ur vile comments sure as hell won't.
McCain will always be a hero.

Shame on Trump
http://www.nsu.org/nsu/jones-act-good-for-the-seafarer-and-for-society-as-a-whole …
Number one RINO tweeting again.
How do we as citizens let the government know that the Jones Act has to be repealed?   Who do we write to?
I hope they get more assistance but you must be a jealous sore loser to be criticizing potus all the time.
No excuse.  Some corporate shippers have gotten his ear.  It's unbelievable.  Hope you are doing ok!
POTUS is POS.

Thank you for standing for P.R.!
They're Americans too!
RINO
Thank you Senator McCain
Money and greed. Its destroying the reputation of a nation. Help these people.
:'(
Thank you for speaking up sir!!! And thank you for your service, you are a true American hero!!
The GOP can kiss the Hispanic vote goodbye for the next 30 years.
@realDonaldTrump  YOU'RE A DIGRACE...TELL THE TRUTH #LiarInChief ....YOU HATE BLACK N BROWN. PERIOD #FUCKINGRACIST
Worth noting and was punted out on another thread, Much McConnell's father in law is in the shipping business. Coincidence?  Nope
how many trailers are there full of hurricane supplies which  would help the people yet no one wants to help them open those containers
Thank you! It’s been a trying time 4 us who have family in #PuertoRico. I can’t get a hold of my dad & I can’t get a flight to the island. 
He's not declined it.  stop getting this wrong
I-M-P-E-A-C-H Sir! Stop this disrespectful dolt from endangering the WORLD! None of this befits the POTUS. You know it. Country over party!
#impeachTrumpnow
I’m glad you stand up for the people of #PuertoRico. You would think any Christian person would c the need there.#HelpPR
WTH @realDonaldTrump @POTUS ???  Waive the #JonesAct now!!!!
can't the military intervene without his approval? People are dying, how can this admin be so uncaring?
Selfish ignorant....
The jones act relates to oil transport ships. It was waived for all texas, florida, puerto rico but was expired on the 22nd. Mcain is lying
Trump defaulted on payments for his Puerto Rico golf course, leaving the territory with a $33 million tax debt
Thank you for focusing on this crisis!
3k containers of supplies at the port. Ask the unions in PR why those containers still have not been delivered to the people!
Save Naples. Screw Puerto Rico? C'mon Man!
Please don't send a ship named the USS John McCain, it will do more damage than help.
For Trump PR doesn't count.  It's people are the wrong color and poor, and they don't vote for him.
Please act to remove the Cheeto in Chief.
Puerto Rico has been treated as a third world appendage for decades.  You've had so many opportunities to make it better.  Shame on you.
Thank you for your effort sir. #ClassAct
Thank you John McCain. You are loved by many. I wish your fellow Senators would jump on your bandwagon. #McCain is a hero
