Our amdt imposes new sanctions, strengthens existing sanctions & prevents attempts to ease sanctions on #Russia http://bit.ly/2rwWNtL 
Retire McCain, your time is up!
It's about time Russia was punished for what it's done to us. It's ridiculous that it hasn't happened previously
What did  do? , please.
She got a really nasty hangover from a #WhiteRussian.
17 US Intelligence agencies agree Russia manipulated our election to get Trump elected.  This isn't a partisan issue, It's an American one.
That's incorrect.  Yes, Russia tried 2 influence our election; they always try 2 influence our elections, & we do the same 2 them (& others)
It absolutely is political, as it was put forward by Clinton to push the fake narrative that Russia is a big bad enemy & Trump is too close.
The "17 US intelligence agencies" is like telling someone that he/she is getting a whole ream of paper free with a copier; it sounds good.
Do you refute that all 17 US intelligence agencies agree that Putin interfered in the US election?
Symbolic, only hurts the people we need to be strong
perhaps thats his intentions?
The "Intention" is to Distract US from Seth Rich Investigation. Stay On Point! Justice For Seth!
from one old Swabby to another, keep on givin' them Hell, Senator McCain!
Trust but verify, Brunhilde, trust but verify... I've had enough of wars- so has the Earth. #COEXIST 
I fought the Russian's already in the Cold War. And you were????
On top of sanctions, what is ANYONE in the US government doing to ensure this doesn't happen again?
First step I'd think would be removing the fruit of their labor from "office"
Nice but not enough. How is it that we know election was rigged but still stuck with illegitimate winner? Seems no one has real backbone.
Good work! Now make sure the House doesn't screw this up!
Please John McCain, retire and make the world a safer place!
100000% agree out o pasture for this old fossil
You're senile and need hospice care

Let's take a look at who has been financing YOUR campaign (s) Old John.  THEN we'd have a REAL scandal to look into.
Hearing that WH wants to tone them down...
yes we know Russia needs to punished but Dems and scared republicans are caught up Investigating conspiracy theories #HelpTrump
Trump Jr. knowing meeting was Russian govt. related is a CONSPIRACY THEORY?! What planet are you on?!
Why doesn't the President of the US care about this?   Or even acknowledge that it happened?
Lack of proof.
Putin admitted it.
We see you with your Trump deal.  I am disappointed in your lack of integrity.
Set down old man!
Oh John pissed off Russia killed top ISIS leader.Keep killing ISIS Russia. McCain was at the bottom of his class. He thinks he's Ike. 
BFD RHINO
While you're at it, juice up the investigations of Trump! Let's get to the truth and not impede the investigation!!
#TheUnitedStatesOfAmnesia's #TheBiggestShowOnEarth for fanatics so either #TheBananaRepublicOfShamerica or #TheWarProfiteerMafiaOfShamerica
Please also ensure those who would benefit from Russian meddling are also held accountable, if the investigation reveals their involvement
Russian meddling in the 2016 electioni not nearly at the same level as say the John Walker Spy Ring. So why beat that political  drum?
Give this idiocy a rest, will ya?
signed a #neocon #warmonger working for the #MilitaryIndustrialComplex zero credibility.
Thank you.
Would you like a glass of warm milk to help you sleep grandpa?
Wait, I thought the @POTUS said this didn't happen? I'm confused! @realDonaldTrump, can you help us understand what your friend John means?
Oooh you want to punish Russia for the same thing we do to the world......RETIRE OLD MAN YOUR OUT OF TOUCH
That is how to lead
What a tool.  How about Iran?
Your good friends at the DNC attacked our election & raped our democracy.  Russia had nothing to do w/the outcome.
You just need to retire seriously
Hold those responsible if they don't support it Rs and Ds!!!
.@potus WHY does CONgress wants to declare war on Russia? Is our economy THAT BAD that only a WWIII will fix it?
I have great respect for you senator. Please get our president to change he is embarrassing America
Ok...so when do you punish Trump?

9 years ago you were so honorable.....what happened man?
On this we can agree. Doesn't excuse your sexist behavior against Sen. @KamalaHarris 2 weeks in a row @Sessions hearing! 
Put up the EVIDENCE that "Putin attacked our election" ... or stop raving, fabricating & lusting after ever more wars you EVIL WAR CRIMINAL
No one cares. Please build the wall
Why did u interrupt Kamala Harris twice during Sessions hearing? Is it a mild form of Racism?
lots of respect for you.  I didnt quite understand your questions for comey. Show us more bravery and stand up against trump
yet there you were, vigorously & insanely defending @realDonaldTrump at the hearing on the firing of James Comey over Russia investigation
NEED TO DO MORE THAN PUNISH.
We don't believe any of this Russia hacked our election bullshit.
Did they give you an ipad to tweet this from in your new home?
Yet more lip service from you, did you clear this with your wife and new employer?
What about the government leaks & other organized efforts by Americans to overturn duly elected president?  Where's punishment for that?
Maybe now you'll do something about this treasonous White House. Actually have some independent guts. Actually be a patriot.
Words, just words.  You won't do anything.  This is just an effort to get back on the Sunday talk shows.  You used to have principles.
Yeah great, when do we punish T rump for his collusion w/them?
you have zero credibility and no integrity. hard to believe you withstood torture during war but can't stand up to a toddler sitting in WH!
Has hell frozen over?  What the GOP Senate found their spines?  Hallelujah and congratulations - I'll take that small glimmer of hope.
Now if DJT + AG would take interest + prioritize the threat to US w/ Russia's interference. You revealed AG is dangerous incurious.
Are the 2 Republican senators who voted against the sanctions from USA or Russia?
Wait, you call this punishment? Until Putin is overthrown, and Russian govt as we know it no longer exists, THIS WILL CONTINUE!
Thank you Senator McCain! These are important sanctions
Senate has done nothing in years. Russian sanctions are good. Trumpcare bad vote NO
Yes of course! War with russia!! @SenJohnMcCain's favorite past time
You do nothing but talk incoherently and now your wife is taking a job with the Trump admin? Go away.
The US been interfering in other countries elections since...forfuckingever. Arming/funding paramilitaries etc etc. Rank hypocrisy
Thank God our legislators took action. President was too busy with his agenda to care about our democracy. Thank you!!
You're a freak John. Fortunately, the people (particularly the young) are getting wise to your false anti Russian neo con militarism.
I see a VETO
TRUMP WILL RESIST AS HIS FAMILY BUSINESS/BILLIONS COME FIRST 

HE AND KUSHNER FAMILY NEED MORE MULTI MILLION $  LOANS FROM RUSSIA
Wherever there is war,death,famine,terror...John Insane McCain is there!
When the time comes to put all idiots in a jar, you will not be sitting on the lid , Insane-nator McCain
Watch Oliver stone putin eye opener
The replies in this thread are so stupid they can only be Yanks. This hyperbole wld not take place with evidence. Is Propaganda for morons

Makes good chips though
Word is that Russia has offered us cyber treaty. That sounds like a better idea. We had a lot to do with Yeltsin's elections FYI.
The Russians didn't interfere in our elections.
John I do not know far to created discord with @PutinRF_Eng United States has enough enemies with ISIS,Al Qaeda, North Korea and Iran @POTUS
Any action you take the doesn't lead to Setting the manipulation of elections straight is of no meaningful significant.
shut up! Farce:@JamesComeyFBI  Struck Insider Immunity Deal With 
Mueller  Avoid Criminal Charges @theintercept
Thats nice but they didnt attack the Election idiot
Or country thanks you and the other @GOP leaders for taking threat seriously and not as fake news!
Traitor MCCain speaks. Warmonger MCCain speaks.
I thought the sanctions against Russia were inspired by the Alexei Navalny torture & murder and by Putin's annexation of Crimea.
Thats awesome thanks 
Can u verify Cindy's new job title think it's important to have full transparency.
Again thank u for much need sancs.
Rest well, Senator. The USA  needs your best day, every day.
Are you really stepping up?
What will you do when @POTUS vetos it?
Finally you do something right. More of that, please.
Thanks to you and all that voted for this.
It is, but it's not the biggest one ...
Show us, Senator. Do something. The writing's on the wall for the Trump administration; which side of history will you be on? #Trumprussia
I hope your wife will help in that by not working for comrade trump.
Good job
now do one more really imp't step and stop making excuses for Donald Trump. You know in your heart what the danger is, country over party!
Thanks, again, for your courage and independence.
Really like there is an obstruction charge ? What are the sanctions thwt you imposed on Iran
Excellent, our President only concerned that HE is not focus of investigation. The Russians have sophisticated methods to disrupt our system
Senator. You need to be diligent in pursuing any foreign interaction in our government. Your pledge to the constitution is paramount l.
How inconvenient it is voor Putin that US Senate is not (always) a rubber stamp Duma.
Your wife took a job working for a President being investigated for obstruction of justice. I'm SO frickn disappointed in you guys right now
Putin won't sign off on his own sanctions.

And if his puppet ignores him and signs anyway, your pres gets pee pee tape released.
Arent you being investigated for Russian $$$?
"Hey we just wanted your money, we didn't want you to hack your election"
Go enjoy uour retirement. Let a younger in tune with world person be on the senate! Enough of you geriatric fools! And take Bernie with you
This house vote better be televised.
You represent the worst of the Democratic party. Stay focused show the American ppl proof, we dont believe anything u say.@realDonaldTrump
You just mad Putin is decimating your boys : ISIS & other jihadys who you armed & support.
What else are we doing to protect our elections RIGHT NOW??
https://sputniknews.com/society/201703301052123678-rare-photos-mccain-vietnam/ …
When are we going to punish your friend obama for attacking israel elections with taxpayer money?
Maybe the international community should be looking at a no hack agreement w/sanctions...remember we have interfered before

FYI, you've got a lot of coo coo birds following you on Twitter.
Yeah, we should also probably take the very real possibility of collusion on the part of the Trump campaign seriously, too.
Love when he gets to choose when he's a "maverick" while most other times being a coward. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The company cut his hours back on account of age. He's only a part-time maverick now. A goodwill ambassador for maverickdom.
Russia didn't "attack our election". 
Please do us all a favor and retire.
What will you do about Trump for his part/knowledge? You know you hate him...grow a pair, Maverick
Just quit with the war mongering #BlameRussia nonsense.  We the SANE people are sick and tired of our self-serving Congress. #SinglePayer
Retire John! I regret voting for you when you had the nomination. Back the @POTUS or leave!
What did they do besides shoot you down?
Perhaps, Mr. McCain you'll Allow @SenKamalaHarris to utilize her RIGHT to ask TOUGH questions of the liars. That might help. Eh?
If telling the truth abt Hillary was an attack, only she was hurt by it. Whose side are you on, anyway?
No evidence for your insinuation. Cui Bono?
zero evidence completely fabricated narrative by podesta and deepstate establishment to de-legitimize trump.

I've seen 0 evidence of Russia involvement. With all the leaking going on, I'm sure we'd have heard something. Please leak names of hackers.
Knock it off over Russia!
Russia! Russia!Russia!
Retire soon real soon please. You are just making it worse. I am a republican and u are acting like a Democrat
You are deaf or was u asleep ... There is zero evidence did u not hear Comey no Russians. Putin even said it was false. Wake up John.
Sad that it took YOU the senate and not the countries leader to take action.  Bad leadership from the pres
Where is the collusion evidence? You don't have it. A year of investigation and nothing. Stand with your party...or retire!!!!!
So, you advocate Party over Country? Got it.
Patriotism is dead in the Republican Party.
You do realize legislation affects POTUS46 too?
@SenJohnMcCain Dear Sir, utmost respect for your service....but as a republican and an American, I expect you to stand with the POTUS!
That's good Senator Im Citizen of California, but I admire you because you have, love honor respect for this country and for the People...
It's time to take back the WH from these Rogue Radical Republicans! #impeachtrump @FBI @CIA @NSAGov @TheJusticeDept @DeptofDefense
So, wait. Sanctions on Russia that 'attacking election'. Which according to Pres didn't happen? I'm confused...
John McCain is an #American #Hero
#TrumpRussia = #TREASON 
@POTUS = #ObstructionOfJustice 
#TrumpTower  = #DenOfThieves
#MAGA
Give it up John. We all know the truth. Hillary lost, period. So did you, by the way. Get over it.
Thank you for finally taking real action.
Except Russia didn't attack our election globalists did so #SanctionGlobalists you sell-out & support our @POTUS 100% or #ResignMcCain #MAGA
How about ANY country

@GOP @realDonaldTrump This is not what we voted for.  You guys are full of sh_t, especially McCain.  We want America set right.

I  guess Putin is making his move. AT&T internet speed just took a dump. Trump won't notice until Twitter goes down....
Will you be just as willing to punish those in government who worked with #Russia to do so? Are resolved to find out the whole truth?
More attacking of election was done by non-citizens voting than the Russians. They brag about it. Check that out. Maddening
With all the hoopla, there has been NO PROOF they actually ATTACKED our election. That is Communist fiction Propaganda.They hack/We hack?
Would you allow Trump to return properties to Russia that were taken away as part of sanctions? Looking to you as our white hat in congress.
The American people voted for Trump, kindly get with the program and support the Trump agenda!
I won't believe a word @senjohnmccain says about being tough on Russia until he takes an actual stand against Trump.
Amen
-- there were no moderate rebels -- only foreign terrorists waging proxy war for you/globalists
-- Saudi Arabia & Qatar funded ISIS. You - McCain - armed ISIS & Al Qaeda in Syria => http://bit.ly/ISIS-Truth 
-- stop being a globalist puppet, please. We know why you hate Russia/Putin:
I've not seen any evidence of our election being attached
Yet you spend your Intel Committee time questioning #Comey on Hillary emails when Admin is not being truthful about Russia connections. 
You may not like Pres. Trump but it does give you the right to FUCK America. We need leadership and no where to be found.
Well John it seems we Pubs have everything except the guts to move ahead and get it done. The DEMS are controlling everything, STEP UP
Will trump veto it?
Will you override a veto from Agent Orange?
Now stay out of the hearings. Since Trump hired your wife you came to the hearings to protect him. Go home.
Way to go Senator McCain!!!
McCain won't be happy till we're in nuclear war with russia.
That's not exaggerated. He is real life Dr Strangdlove and Senator Palpatine in one.
Not today John,not today. Russia sanctions cheerleading can wait til morning.
Dummy up, Putin can only attack what we allow them to attack, Putin banned you from Russia because of your insane talk, time you retired..
http://www.debbieschlussel.com/4314/exclusive-who-is-majida-mourad-muslim-americansarab-americans-for-mccain-chief-committed-federal-crimes-lied-on-top-secret-clearance-forms-right-hand-woman-to-hezbollah-bud-abraham-plus-who/ …
Dear Senator,

Great job sir: it is important that we stand up for our values and defend our democracy.  Wonderful to see bi-partisanship!
You continue to make a fool out of yourself. Retire to Sedona.
Well, THANK YOU, Sir
About f-ing time u guys cared.  This is SERIOUS business
That's def a good moved.
Don't waste your breath Sir. Our president is more enthusiastically claiming "no foul" than pushing for swift confirmation & decisive action
You lost your mind completely.
He has, but he has been correct about how dangerous Russia is to our or any democracy
Wow how u flipped since ur wife was appointed by Trump 4 an ambassadorship I guess all of the @GOP gophave A price
Retire McCain
You are a sellout.
