So when will you pressure Israel to stop depriving millions of their basic human rights John? I expect better of you.
1/2 Basic Human Rights 2 kill Jews? Arabs in Israel >rights than any other arabs IN MIDEAST, & more than most muslims ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD.
We aren't talking about Arabs in Israel. Nor are we talking about a right to kill Jews. Take your hyperbolic lies and get a grip
Then u r talking about so-called "palestinians" ruled by FATAH & HAMA  & the only think Israel limits IS their right 2 kill Jews.
Yawn... troll.
"troll":  typical answer from Leftists who whine BS re USA & Israel & then get answered w truth. PS the mosque called, your turn to cheer.
What truth. Nothing u claim has been said or implied. We r done. I've more important things 2 do than waste time with a senile paranoid.
You're a deluded old fart rick. You pick on the one liberal democracy in the entire Mid East. You're a champagne socialist, get stuffed!

We are not caring... prevent your aid. Releasing spies is unacceptable.
Probably all you will get done this month. Worthless
I'm sure POTUS will be glad to hear from you. Certainly will value your advice.
America thanks U for your Service to our Country, and Want you to keep up the hard fight that we know you can do for yourself, keep fighting
What an amazing service, aiding Muslim Brotherhood terrorist cult aganiat a country that has been fighting terrorists for more than 6 years
We got enough of our own problems without worrying about Egypt
Time to DRAIN THE SWAP and start with Arizona. McCain and Flake need to go away.
Is this what Soro's wants 4 his donations to your "Institute"?  No more institutes or foundations while in office.  Americans aren't stupid!
Please keep fighting the good fight @SenJohnMcCain. And @POTUS how about listening for a change?
Lol
#McCain ur best buds are either terrorists or Ukrainian Nazis
How about the American people keeping pressure on you to vote to repeal and replace Nobama care. It's time for you to retire you has been.
and What about Turkey & Israel
ROFL.
You are a nobody to the Republican masses now JOHN.  Retire.
I'm wondering, Mr McCain, does he listen to anything?  I mean except for Breitbart & fox?
Our relationship with Egypt was fine until you and Obama screwed it up.
@BiancaJagger you might have to remind him about human rights in our own country.he is a disgrace to the office
Oh yes I'm sure it was all because of you the sanctions happened. He could care less about you, you traitorous RINO!!!!! #RINO
- This POTUS has zero moral authority to preach human rights to anyone due to his support of nazis.
Hey dummy.  What is your proof
The problem is that his example doesn't give him the moral standing to talk about Human Rights!
Too bad you blocked all trips into Vietnam to look for left-behind prisoners or their remains.
Wow. Americans that POTUS already got released from Egypt was result of his negotiations & not demands. McCain bravado vs. Trump results.
He doesn't listen or read. He only reads TelePrompTers and listens to Fox news
How about saying something about Venezuelans human rights violations instead or is MB your friend now?
.@realDonaldTrump we are sure it was a strongly worded letter too - RESIGN JOHN, ONLY HONORABLE THING YOU CAN DO NOW- HERO TO ZERO...BIGGLY!
Impeach him!
How about fixing a f#cked up Navy ?
Just take a knee traitor.
Thank you Senator but you must know 45 doesn't care. I am ashamed & disheartened to call myself an American. 
On health care  Thank you Sen. McCain for standing up for what's right. Massive tax break for the wealthiest? NO.
We have no @POTUS. We have a toddler who has perpetual temper tantrums. Elected with a little help from his Russian friends. #ImpeachTrump
How about concentrating on repeal and replace!!!!
Sorry #McCain, those guys in the #MiddleEast are hopeless case. They are corrupted thru their DNA, chaotic and their secret accounts in USA
Thanks John, I’m sure you lit a fire under him.
They got caught?  He is going to say they got caught. The logic is not linked to success
I so wish you would go away, you have been in Congress for over 16 years why have you allowed USA to be in these wars so long, declare war
Don't forget to pressure Israel too , they are still expanding their settlements in non Israel territory !!!
Practically , the US will never take any measures to bring Egypt anywhere close to democratic practices .
He should read your letter,  pretend he agrees,  and then at the last minute,  say nay and go have a good laugh with Schumer.
When are you going to do something about the violence happening in this country? See you're just a traitor..  goes in the toilet.
Human rights violation @SenJohnMcCain are u kidding ? You supported #neonazi & #Antisemitism & #radicalisation of #syrians .
We should stand up for the Christian minorities around the globe. If not us, who?
U R a good man
Can we expect you to call on him to pressure the KSA for their human rights violation on male guardianship and targeting Yemeni civilians?
too bad POTUS doesn't read.....maybe you can send him a drawing..?
Why bother?  Impeach now!
Demanding ??? Yep that's how it will get accomplished ....
I hope he threw john McCain letter in garbage ...
REPEAL OBAMACARE
are you kidding , see who is talking about human rights !!!
Considering who heads the UN council on human rights, i dont think anything will happen until the UN gets its head out of its @##
It is not a letter that the Egyptians need, they need serious intention and real acts on the ground to stop this tyrant from further killing
Sir, when @stevenmnuchin1 was talking about Venezuela I honestly thought that he could be talking about Trump. Please act. No dictator!
We will never forget or forgive
Great when will send a letter to declare Antifa a terror group?
How about supporting our President, instead of siding w/Dems? Trying to prove something or get publicity?
He sent a letter back with the words, "thanks, RINO for your vote on Obamacare".
Why don't you keep your promise to us..support the President and pass health care repeal & replace, pass tax reform and fund the border wall
How did a one time war hero become a complete dumb 
God bless you for holding strong in your believes for what is best for the American people the hell with trump & his ass brain followers
Retire songbird
Mr Islamists' Harlot.
سعيد انت طبعا لان حقدك و كراهيتك لمصر معروف
Could you please send him a letter asking him to resign?? Please...

Repeal Obamacare is more urgent than #Egypt human rights issue. You have no shame after promising repeal and replace for 8 years
Use small words and pretty pictures so he can understand the letter
Oh ya - you have his ear.. RINO
Sorry Mr. McCain, but the President is a walking Human Rights Violation.
he kept the letter in the bathroom in case they run out of toilet paper .asshole
Why would you give any advice to POTUS when it is obvious you can't stand him. GOPTraitors like U have no place in WA,DC
POTUS only cares about human rights if it increases his Nielsen ratings.
Please stop working for him and join the resistance! Why would you of all ppl allow him to destroy America?
Did You Act Sanely During Obama? Or you just Agree to pay the billion dollar to the Iranians for releasing Hostages
#deplorables let's all send Sen McCain letters to focus on his real job. It's time to repeal & replace Obama-McCain Care. #gop #healthc
so we must to close Guantanamo earlier !
Would rather have you worry about Dawna's (61) obamacare premium.Not everyone gets a susidy or reduced deductibles.Only the entitled.Eg.U
What u doing here? Graduating new ISIS fighters?
Please get strong, and well. Help guide & RID our country from a leader who's destroyed our respected democracy.
Thank you Sen McCain.  
Wishing you the best and a fast recovery- in our thoughts sir
US suport of Muslim brotherhood take over of Egypt with out tax $ was a human rights violation !!
Good luck, he doesn't read!!!
Senator, thank you for your service. Now retire. You don't represent people, you represent special interests that pay

هل قطر تدعم الإرهاب بدعم هذه القناة ؟
هل تركيا تدعم الإرهاب بدعم بث هذه القناة من أراضيها ؟
هل جماعة الإخوان تدعم الإرهاب بدعم قتل الأبرياء؟ https://twitter.com/yousef45600/status/899331012861276160 …

الإسلام السياسي الجهادي والإسلام السياسي الحزبي أصلهما واحد
#رضوان_السيد
Concentrate on the human rights herein America , before taking American dollars overseas admit. Stop this pork.
He can't read & you're off his squad because he's that petty! Keep fighting the good fight, we need you!
Send him a letter of resignation. Do the right thing for America.
U mean US /Egyptian citizens u sent to support regime change? Did u send condolences to Bagdhadi?
Did you sent Obama and Hilary a letter to not  support these people into power?
How many letters did Sen McCain send to The Muslim Brotherhood demanding they respect diversity & human rights?
But you have failed this country
Where's your letter apologizing to the American people who voted you in  for what you did on the sen. floor ? Your a war hero and I salute u

Please don't forget about democracy in Poland. It's going worse with every decision of Polish government.
How can the US comment on the actions of other countries at this point?
What happened 2 you democracy in Iraq Senator ???
There is a Big crack in democracy body))))
democracy shaped with interests
Democracy is being sculpted just as you like
If you read your responses it looks like mostly Libs following you. Tells us what you are.
Should have had an honest senator send it. Why would he read your letter?
WE ALL GLAD YOU RECOVERED AND BACK TO WORK.
Send him letter to tell him #ResignNowTrump

Article 2,Section 4 The President shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes
Did you thank him for bringing jobs back to Az, and helping you get re-elected, and don't forget to ask forgiveness for your Obama care vote
After what you did Rino , You shouldn't expect nothing !
Great Job Senator McCain. I wish you a quick recovery.
Knowing who POTUS is and to what degree he cares about human rights (zero) there is only one course of action that will truly help: IMPEACH
A formal bipartisan letter of censure against @realDonaldTrump would really do our country well right now...we are hurt as an entire nation
You have one of the highest disapproval ratings in the senate now just under Mitch Turtle McConnell.  Do you ever wonder why? Do you care?
He doesn't read...try a singing telegram.
Well with all this democrat support you may as well switch parties.
Yeah, I am sure your letter will go to the top of his pile after your "no" vote.
Unless it was full of pictures I doubt it was read.  I pray it was.
Good luck. He thinks POW are Losers. How did we get here?!?!
There's a real good chance he could care less what you think
@KimberlyBozman @POTUS hope you kept it under 140-characters
@SenJohnMcCain why not send a letter of resignation since you're not doing your job
It's landing on deaf ears..that man could care less..sorry!  Hope you're doing ok!  You're in my prayers 
What about American rights. The fed gov is being completely dismantled by GOP
Sent a letter? Senator, #RepealObamaCare.

He doesn't care. We need people to stand up to him.
Like #Trump listens to anyone intelligent or informed?
Hope he reads it.  His attention span is minute.
Thank you, Senator, for always doing the right thing. I have undying respect for you.
Thank you Senator for trying to get this Prez to do the right thing. for you and your family.  needs you strong/healthy
I am sure he will say he will, then Tillerson will say we won't, and Kushner will be ignored while Kellyanne takes drink orders…
. Im glad america sees its congresses fault. 78% sees it is Congress not letting trump do what we voted for
Thank you for your service Sir.
You should retire and spend quality time with your family!
44 would have


He sent you several messages to help with healthcare and you didn't,  maybe he will listen to you better than you listened to voters.
Thank you for your service... you are a true American hero!! I hope you know how much you are appreciated!!
Right, I'm sure he's looking forward to all you have to say after you put a knife in his back.
Thank you sir. Get well and God bless.
In return, you'll vote to repeal Obamacare?
Too bad our vets can't receive the same consideration - apparently only DC Royalty/Millionaires & special interests matter
Thank you Sen John McCain for keeping Obamacare God be with you through your journey with cancer Thank God I'm a 9 year survivor Prayers
How about taking care of Americans here at home Senator? Or will you continue to allow personal vendettas dictate your actions?
This is who the Democrats support and are actively protecting. Dressed in black, hooded THUGS!!! This is on u
Should #Antifa and #BlackLivesMatter be labeled as domestic terrorist organizations? I think so... 
you should write a letter to your constituents apologizing for selling  them out -
I sent you a letter, to support the President, and stop your obstruction, just because you lost and Trump won...Geez
Could care less what you do, you lied to us about repealing obamacare. You are a liar and a traitor.
Let's not worry about Egypt let's repeal Obamacare now.  Stop trying to change the subject you betrayed the Republican Party and owe Trump
You have the nerve to say "Let's not worry about our prisoners in Egypt" and drop millions in health care!! You are truly a Trump supporter
The problem is, he doesn't read...
DID YOU WRITE A LETTER TO OBAMA  ABOUT THIS TOPIC JUST ASKING
Just tweet him next time. He don't read you're fricken mail anymore.
Well Senator @POTUS really does not care about human rights. Supporter of hate groups don't
Thank you John. Thank you for your No vote on the ACA. You did the right thing. God Bless you & keep you well!
Thank you Senator. It seems you are the only Senator that has a moral compass these days. Truly, thank you.
Spoiler alert: he won't
trump on human rights is a joke. He doesn't care about anyone but himself an his family.#WakeUpAmerica
12 year old Donald Jr told @realDonaldTrump "You don't love us. You don't love mom. All you love is money!" Trump left with Marla. Bye kids.
I sent a letter to @kelliwardaz that she has my complete family's support.
Just like how you listened to your state about Obummercare!? You will feel the pressure next election.
Hey McCain ..what about Saudi Arabia where they chop heads off. What about it pal?
Sent letter to Arizona urging voters to kick your Vietnam song bird butt out of the Senate, traitor.
He will call the pharaoh,
Mccain - are you ready to meet Jesus? Why did you not vote to stop obamacare?
Because he cares! You are low just like Trump!
Yet McCain is soft on N Korea?  I think he is bought and paid for by special interest.
