Some Americans want to take responsibility for ourselves. Repeal and replace Obamacare. Stop single-payer insurance we don't want Medicaid
@SenJohnMcCain sen, you are the man! As a Democratic voter, I'm proud to say great job! You vote your conscience, not party diatribe!
More than ever, John McCain's sensibility on healthcare should be heard. Without open discussion, there should be no vote!
Do u honestly think the Dems will work with the Republicans or help Trump with ANYTHING?! Seriously stupid.
Maybe conversation is a start! It is not about helping Trump. Trump can't be helped! It is about Congress working together! Trump is stupid.
Haven’t u heard? Dems whole strategy is delay, resist or anything else to screw Trump! That’s THEIR statement not mine! Won’t work with GOP
FYI. Trump does not understand healthcare. Remember, he said "Who would have known how complex healthcare is?" That is the current President
Please Bullwinkle, go back to your Bernie Sanders memories. You’ve got no clue.
Actually, I am a Republican. Shows how much you observe. I do not think Obamacare works, though until we come up with something decent..
Be well Mr. M.
too much power gained with the special interest money.  We need term limits to prevent people like McCain in Washington!
Please vote for Graham-Cassidy my family is surrering due to OBamacare
And they won't under this one? They won't HAVE insurance under Graham-Cassidy
@SenJohnMcCain I want you to know, that you are in my prayers, and regardless of what doctors are saying, I'm trusting God for ur recovery.
I won't be watching this male who left an injured wife behind when he came home from Vietnam. Five months to go Johnny
Seriously???   Such important issues to discuss and liberal MSM wastes time on this guy.  Give me a break.
Lying McCain should be forced to use Obamacare for his brain cancer!!
I hear snoring
Please go quietly and quickly into the night.
We need more like hI'm in both parties
Sore loser!! Just like Hillary.
Please retire John
The Truth About John McCain, American Traitor ~ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZp8sEqQAIo&sns=tw … via @youtube @WashTimes
@LeslieRStahl Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted re #USSLiberty cover-up on #MemorialDay: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #60minutes #navy
Bullshit.

Pleas retire John
John McCain's Legacy will be the senator who saved Obamacare and implemented single-payer insurance. McCain is a disgusting piece of garbage
Pass he is traitor and liar to his Voters Pathetic!
Good GOD, @SenJohnMcCain makes me sick to my stomach
He ought to be helping his Party & the Citizens & vote with the other 49 Senators that he apparently believes r stupid? It’s all about him?!
Decades in pursuit of political power over all else.  You are nothingness Incorporated. Hollow, hateful, alone. A coward in the end.
I'll avoid this broadcast like the plague, cause I can't afford my insurance to pay my healthcare insurance
I'll be watching one of my favorite shows!
What is it when 2 pompous asses are in a room ? Useless talk & bullshit
Boo!!!!
McCain loves being adored by the liberal media.
McCain's legacy is now one of selling out the American people.
Ask him how he can show his face after campaigning for 8 years to lead the charge on Obamacare Repeal? Regular Order? Laughable excuse!
Are there any answers to these questions? Any corrections?
The Mayo clinic doesn't except Obamacare because its worthless.

McCain gets treatment at the Mayo clinic though.
No matter your politics, he is a national treasure. A needed trusted leader in a time where trust and integrity are scarce.  God bless him.
Y A W N
Two dynosaurs. I'm their age and no longer consider them relevant.
Who cares he's a traitor
You are our hero. Stand strong for America. Thank you.
When have you done for our country that compares to Senator McCain? Disagree, but how dare you call him a traitor.
#Boycott
McCain should retire or change parties. Sick of his resistance. If he has a bone to pick with Trump don't put America in the middle.
NO ONE CARES!
@SenJohnMcCain he should not be allowed to make this decision, for God's sake he has a brain tumor. He wants the spotlight...
So God waited 40+ yrs to avenge a phony treason claim? Please seek out a new pastor.
@SenJohnMcCain Predict very poor ratings.Bitter,hateful,foulmouth man who subverts the middle class.Resign RINO.
Let's get other senators on record why they're voting for a bill that hurts the people they are supposed to support.
To bad they don't put him on Obama care plan he be dead and gone today!!
@SenJohnMcCain   Who cares! Do we pay the mortgage or healthcare bill? Do we lose our homes or become criminals? Obamacare SUCKS!
e
I hope God has something stored for you @SenJohnMcCain good or bad according to your deeds. You've had 7 yrs to work together, LIAR sold out
Lesley should ask you do you have any balls and why didn't you run as a dam democrat.
I'll be there.
@SenJohnMcCain is a fraud. He has used capture and cancer to gain popularity. He is a liar and and Soros puppet. He is a bitter man.
I won't watch.  Traiter.
I LOVE 60 minutes 
Who cares? He does "not!" Worst & calls himself Republican? CBS liberal interview? tells it all! AZ votes for him? not about POW hero status

Should be like watching dinosaurs mate
Will YOU & @DNC @GOP EXPOSE, STOP, PROSECUTE #PoliticalSpying or is #USA = #Russia #China ?
Why not talk to someone suffering at the Phoenix VA ?  Under his watch for 30 years! 
#RetireMcCain
Old friends. And political allies. Friends, allies, and cronies.
Do the right thing for the people suffering with a mortgage paynent as high as their health care!!!!!! Vote yes and get rig of the imploding
We all want to know his opinion on the #GrahamCassidy bill that taxes hard working people of #Arizona to pay for healthcare in SC
Does he represent his constituents or his political party.
PLEASE VOTE NO
Please leave your legacy as a senator intact. Please vote No to #trumphealthcare. We need you now to support our regular american citizens.
Please do what is right for Arizona and the country.
We aren't getting any help with Obamacare, my daughter has brain tumors & heart problems and does not have a doctor or insurance. Vote yes!
Protect Medicaid. Protect the vulnerable among us. No one should worry when illness comes calling. VOTE NO on draconian #GrahamCassidyBill.
@TRANDERSOL got the vision over 21 years ago. Expand Medicare! Proposed it to House members, Obama and Trump. Under plan it's paid for.
Won't watch democrat John McCain. Traitor to the Republican Party. Took cash from HRC to kill the Trump election campaign!!
Hey John how is it u paid 100,000$ for a fake russian dossier ?
Senator McCain, I've beg that you remember your country! Vote yes! We need you! Please don't be bullied or bought! Vote yes! 
Screw @SenJohnMcCain Sena traitorous pos who turned commie in vietnam & has screwed the American taxpaying citizens ever since.
Please vote the country over party. Stay strong.
They put your friend's name on it & are holding sham hearing just to get your vote on this bad bill. Not regular order. Don't fall for it 
Cool.  You gonna have Soros and ISIS on as well to brag on their good buddy @SenJohnMcCain?  You gonna ask about donors to his foundation?
Sir, please continue to fight against trumps horrendous policies:
Please vote NO!!! I have admired n held u as person of honor n courage. I have LUPUS I will DIE if you vote yes. My life in ur hands!
Sorry for your health it's time to retire don't play the role of hero anymore your brain isn't functioning coherent enough to decide for us
Please vote no and insist on bipartisanship!
When r you going to put your family first and retire. I find you selfish; continually defying Trump instead of time with family.
 won't watch 
Fuck this guy. 
It's a Generational Ideology Known as;
Doing the #RightThing
Remember the USS FORRISTAL, 133 DIED
God bless protect and guide you Senator McCain

And bank fraud Bernie wants single-payer can you imagine 10 times worse than the VA is now. And will 100% sure bankrupt the country
he should retire and go home to die from cancer now the ExPOW sold out his country during Vietnam war has veteran i am shamed of him actions
How many have actually read & understand the new policy or are your opinions just politically motivated? @SenJohnMcCain 
No longer relevant, just a worn out contrarian octarian. Give us a break, RETIRE Brutus, fade away.
He has the Dumbo Rats on their knees begging. Watch him go from hero to goat with these crazy liberals
Dont let you life be measured by speech many AMERICANS cheered for &vote for this bill-VOTE NO!-fellow brain surgery survivor-VOTE NO!
And the funny thing is his boyfriend is mr. One-percenter now you think he's going to vote against something that mister one-percenter does
stupid liberals kissing his ass. They don't realize that he does not give a s*** about Democrats or Republicans only about himself

No surpriseNever Trumper John MCCain will go to his Deathbed before Repealing Obamacare just for spite & Hate #MAGA
http://dailycaller.com/2017/09/21/dem-rep-mccain-will-make-good-choices-on-obamacare-repeal-because-hes-dying/ … 
If anyone tweeting here needs an education on this bill, here is the bill
Sorry about his health. Hope he beats it, but that's about it. Most Republicans incl myself vehemently regret voting for him in 2008
I am looking forward to it. I hope you are feeling well Please stay on the stay on the side of the people #savemedicaid #johnmccainforpeople
I don't trust the exPOW lied voted with the democRATS to defund Obama care
Did she ask u about the 2 meetings w Deripaska that Paul Manaforr set up for u when u ran for pres?
@realDonaldTrump 
@Cernovich
Sen McCain please stand up for those of us on ACA. Those of us in our 60s cannot afford private ins. Laid off in my 50s & unable to get ft
Keep your legacy intact
And McCain is brave enough to vote down Graham Cassidy, even though Lindsey is his friend. John was, is and always will be the Maverick!
Trump told u weren't a hero. U r our hero. Stay  & vote no on this bill. This bill is about Trump winning not about what's good for .
Where is your $9,000,000 from Soros?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1731929363781720&id=100008940185537 …
Well John, did u say how you DON'T deserve FREE healthcare while harming millions of AMERICANS with "Drumpfcare"?! Stand up! GOD will judge!
3/Be sure to FOCUS ON NO REGULAR ORDER in.@SenateGOP,NO CBO,NO EXPERTS,TOTAL OPPOSITION OF HEALTH,MEDICAL & INSURANCE WORLD, LOSS OF LIFE.
Put all of them congress & senate, on the new health insurance plan they came up with this plan will get fixed right away ASAP!!!
Hi.  where can I find interview with "Warsaw " that almost go to Siria and ISIS?
Who cares what that Traitor to the Party has to say. Will not be watching.
John stand with people on healthcare! Please it's a horrible bill friend or not! You will be bless standing up for the sick! Thx
my friend john
america won't  survive you
just islam could do it
You all just love @SenJohnMcCain, I want him to remember which party he belongs to
Susan party bias is what's got us in this mess. People need ins. he should work for betterment of Am people & not party. Life changes daily
I agree
Cassidy made case health care bill bearing his name must protect people w/preexisting conditions, because President Trump said so in tweet

Vote to repeal obamacare, Or did you lie to us when you said you would repeal obamacare. ????
Ask him why he stabbed the people of AZ in the back regarding Obamacare.
He didn't stab anyone!  just protecting us who actually have w/pre-exiting conditions who would loose coverage or not B able 2 afford it.
Fake news & liars
Tell him to retire!   He's lost it
Stay strong! Vote no on @BillCassidy and @LindseyGrahamSC's bill! Don't let them bully you! Keep your legacy intact.
We need your voice and strength to help us to have a descent #healthcare coverage. Being a pt sourself is important for your legacy.
Boring
You're a creative dolt.
feel free to watch, ill pass
Like Trump's UNGA speech? Trump ran from serving country & insults those that served or died serving. He doesn't care about you.
Fame Only
spare us your silly insights. You must be an Ivy Leaguer
 No served & find it offensive that our commander fails to respect the countrymen that serve rather then Clip His Nails & Abusive History.
Ok you dont like the President, got it. But not sure how he has not respected the service. I see him quite active in that area.
McCain & Gold Star family - many of the security services that provide protection to him and family. Not to mention he'd rather S.S. Pay him
