I love your dedication!  God bless you. I’m praying for you and my daughter who also has cancer.
We all know John is a democrat. Why won't he admit it? Please resign John. Cornville is calling.
Follow Corker and ride off into the sunset before we primary you and send you out to pasture
To hell with MUSILUMS
Must watch!  Once great man becomes bitter liar!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Hey johnny snitch whats this??
Mad Dog Mattis please don’t share your plans with this man. McCain is a disgrace to the USA.
Sen McCain, we are in dark & dangerous times in our nation. The Pres is not well and is deteriorating daily. Please join Corker in speaking
Don't hold your breath.
Aung San is a disgrace, not worthy of the noble peace prize. She has allowed the murder of over 3000 Muslims. Noble prize is a joke now.
Disgusting.  Bowing down to the Muslims while they slaughter the Hindus.  Good for you McCain.  Can't believe I voted for you.  My mistake.
Also pls don't forget. Compare to OIC, Burma is "minority" at UN. Pls listen to fair minded Burmese Muslims instead of others fr OIC and UN
"Whatever we are doing, we are doing in accordance with the law," she said.
There is nothing honorable about her stance. 

Silence is never the answer.
You would regret to say that if u know what happened in Maungdaw in the night of 08/25/17.
I cannot believe a Buddhist could have ignored what is happening.  Tired of so much hypocrisy
The Rohingya have ties to al Qaeda and IS
They have murdered Hindus and forced them to convert, even as they idle in refugee camps
Good thing we have you to defend the “religion of peace” (islam). LOL  @LV_DouDou_Bear
She looks underfed. Underfed ppl can't think clearly.
John Maccain, the reason the
Rnc has such low approval, is
because of you, you are to old
for politics you are obsolete like
Nancy Pelosi 
Sad you don’t recognize true bravery.
I read it and I still think her Peace Prize should be rescinded.
Hey johnny, your favorite leftist media is calling..hurry!  They want you to carry their water
#ImpeachTrump NOW
You lied earn your pay crook
May God cure you n give you healthy long life sir. You are the pillar of our freedom and our democracy. Thank you sir and may God protect u
Because she is the equivalent of a female Donald Trump!
Thanks Sen. for continued support. Don't forget, unless Burma's current Constitution is amended, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi has no real power.
This is for you mccain...what a childish a ss you are .  A traitor to the American people just so you can get your petty revenge on Trump.
"Whatever we are doing, we are doing in accordance with the law," she said.
"Whatever we are doing, we are doing in accordance with the law," she said.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/07/gop-donor-says-senate-republicans-creating-major-fundraising-problems.html … Must read! Senate destroying the GOP!
https://twitter.com/bitburner/status/916858832751435778 … @gop
"Russia is our friend" is what they were shouting tonight at torch march. Put two & two together people. This isn't fucking rocket science  
So, what they are telling you is to accept terrorism but don't ever respond, as you may look bad as a Nobel prize recipient.
Your country has banned Muslims from a number of countries. Please focus on that rather focusing on Myanmar
This shows how dumb you really are. You consider the nobel peace prize a credible committee.
Please get rid of trump before he starts a nuclear war with N Korea! The fate of the world is in the Republican's hands!
Imagine a world of peace, imagine a world without Islam
Islam has taken over almost all of Asia’s buddhist countries, Thailand &the Philippines are next An Sang Su Chi is fighting for Burma’s life
You are a Rhino
now we know  Trump is just trigger happy & will just sit  in his WH cocoon while Koreans will die as his sacrificial lambs
@SenJohnMcCain you're a disgrace to Arizona and America. Time to retire
I thought congress was supposed to be a stop gap on this kind of stuff?:
Trump’s “America First” foreign policy has left a huge void at the U.N. that China is rushing to fill. http://atfp.co/2fPucfJ 
I honestly believe our congressional leaders are so insulated in their nice rich worlds they don't realize what is happening to our country
Kind of like lying about repealing & replacing Obamacare as millions of Americans & Sm Biz pay more & more.  You're no better.  Judge not.
love for chair and politics will make you do ANYTHING.
They should strip of her Nobel 'Peace' Prize!
You would regret to say that if u know what happened in Maungdaw in the night of 08/25/17.
Thanks 4 your service to our country,but it is time to resign.
So much for her trumpeted "courage".  Is that what Mandela or Ghandi would have done?
You would regret to say that if u know what happened in Maungdaw in the night of 08/25/17.

America waves goodbye to values, and hello to thugs, dictators and strongmen http://econ.st/2fYMX47 
Why aren’t we talking about this more? Ethnic cleansing any where should have the attention of the world.
crackdown = ethnic cleansing
Disgrace= Forrestal, songbird, wetstart, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute. Having served in military is not a lifetime pass RETIRE Brutus
And  why is this important to you and other democrats, RINO?
https://twitter.com/AmericanHotLips/status/916643035236233220 …

If you really think your way of life wouldn’t change if magically the US population was suddenly 60% Islamic you’re just ignorant
I am tired as hell from hearing the term "ethnic cleansing"...makes it sound like a good thing...clean and fresh....it is flipping genocide
She is worried about losing control....she has lost it....military is in charge 100%  job isn't worth it if you cannot condemn murder
Look it’s all fun and self affirming to be tolerant when your way of life isn’t threatened - when it is - different story #BeRealistic
Muslims are far from a minority for 1 they are not a race! 2 they are the largest religion in the world mostly by attrition!Convert or die
Because taste of power and fruits of  authority she is now enjoying and fear of losing power

Thank you John! We (Myanmar-American citizens) need you for the truth. There is no #Rohingyas in Myanmar as Ms Su said. We voted u in 08.
The inaction of Aung San Suu Kyi in the face of genocide is disheartening beyond belief.
Try to learn about#Bengalis, #ARSA,#Rohingya, #Maungdaw, #Rakhine. You will feel better after that. And don't forget about #FakeNewsMedia.
So her defense is to say that the end justifies the means, even if that means enabling ethnic cleansing.
Terrible news, informative piece.
This is what she said "Whatever we are doing, we are doing in accordance with the law," and these were happenning.
Excellent. Not a comfortable position to lead from. “A parody of democracy is infinitely worse than dictatorship” is a trial to be deal with
Kim Dae Jung essentially helped NK dictator Kim to develop nuclear weapons missiles w massive NK ppl were starving to death n threatening SK
Oh jeeze. What next whacko.
Nobel Peace prize is a joke! Kim Dae Jung who gave millions of dollars to NK dictator Kim received it.
Arafat received it too!
And I suspect you're some dude sitting in a shitty apartment, with a shitty life. 
Have another cigarette and a shot of shitty vodka.
Again and again must read John McCain screws Americans of affordable healthcare
Dear Senator, we hardly succeed to know d truth behind d curtains.. but d violence by d rebels against Buddhists n Hindus do make a reason..
McCain just get lost, your relevance is Irrelevant and you continue to disappoint America. Not much to really hook your star on pal
Oh, you now a muslim protector.
Pssst, hey John, you’re one of very few that lends any credibility to the Nobel Prize. Obama won it. You’re either out of touch or a liberal
Both.
She is essential leader for myanmar.
She always choice truth.
Please,understand&help to her.
Thanks you.
Just to be clear! McCain is defending Muslims who are terrorizing BHUDDIST MONKS!
I think you are delusional.
As someone who has always voted Democrats and will always do so, if you eve run again, you have my vote sir. You are a tru Hero. Salutes.

Thank you again, Senator for pointing me to important articles that provide answers to vexing questions.
To all the liberals that respect this "Republican": He's not. This jizz bag is left of Schumer.
Bla bla bla go away
Typical John. The oppressed always turn around and oppress others. #Liberia #Israel #SouthAfrica ...
You let us down John and you have officially contributed to the 8% congressional approval. This will be what you are remembered for, SAD!!!
This man is so arrogant ... he does not hear your or my comments. He believes his family is royalty.
No, famous people dont want to talk to lowly regular americans until they need our vote! Or money! They suck and we will not patronize any!!
Whatever good he has done over his careers is overshadowed by the stupid crap he is doing. So much for your legacy senator. You blew it.
Maybe she's not really that nice. Just a dog & pony show. Like our fearless leader
There is no valid reason for that but she wants to keep her “power”.
I'm on the "left" side of the political spectrum but I can't help but have the deepest respect for you @SenJohnMcCain . Thank you.
Fake worm.
Are you with them John ?
