please retire you are an embarrassment to your military service by the views you hold and how you have acted as a senator!!!
I agree, funny how the Dems think they can sway him, probably because they can. Soros owned.
Be the hero you are and really start shaming this dangerous fool..for the majority of the country that is afraid.
You might be our only hope. The POTUS is quickly running us aground. Please do something. The American people need you.
ceux qui sont contre @réalDonaldTrump
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY. TRAITOR!!!
I am a democrat and respect you. I have lost respect for all Republicans for their support of Trump.
Les Démocrates veulent l'"Invasion" des #USA par les Musulmans, pas les Républicains
Wrong
Yawn

@SASCMajority 
I Support What Our @POTUS Is Doing
I Implore Our Public Servants To Expeditiously Help DJT Get America Moving.
He's most likely to move us into war, sorry to say.
@SASCMajority #FREECLINTLORANCE
you're a war mongler you're a big mouth you're a democrat in disguise you killed over a hundred sailors you should resign
Why not say it in English? Commie spy pig!
you are a Democrat in conservative clothing!!!
you have become such an embarrassment to our Armed Forces. How old are you? Just counting the days
TY for your service & sharing the SASC statement.  What outlines success from the USA & World's perspective?
Hey John, do you realize America has lost all respect for you?? You have no business in our gov any longer--go away, just go
You do not speak for me and I'd encourage you to research McCains life. He deserves your respect.
get off our backs guy, we have the right to speak our minds about this fool. @jawonliberty @SenJohnMcCain
8 years U did and said Nothing under Obama!
Soros Puppet
Thank you for maintaining your values and holding high your moral compass. Especially amoungs such negative apposition.
don't care about anything you say--shameful the way you attack our presidnent-shame on you
honestly Sen. I don't care what you think any more!You've become traitor to GOP taking $ from Soros!Sorry ever voted for you
establishment or maverick.  Clearly establishment.  Time to retire
I appreciate your years of service to our country. That being said, please retire & salvage what little dignity you have left

SHUT UP !! LOSER
Are you still a SUPPORTER of Muslim Brotherhood,or now you're supporting ISIS"fighters"? DISGRACE!!:
#devos $50,000
you are the one that is on the wrong side of every decision, by the way when are you going to fix the Va
you should support your president and quit being a contrarian to everything he says. You did not dare to contradict Obama aD
Sen McCain, you appear to be the only Republican in Congress who has any ba!!s.
why do you want to destroy our country I am very ashamed that you call yourself a Republican. You are a evil man.
a good hearing
TRUMP &veterans demand YOU stop talking about ongoing missions.Yemen mission success..hero Ryan memory MUST be respected
You are a real hero, Sir! Please keep standing for us against this fool in the White House. #respectmccain
you must call out Kellyanne Conway on her blatantly illegal behavior. If you want to lead, then do it now SENATOR!!!
do you remember our slogan mac? I doesn't have a state and i life only for the freedom and human right. Go a way
two Afghanistan individuals were caught trying to get into USA on TX boarder - support @realDonaldTrump
Why talk about national security stuff that should be kept out of the news?
.I don't know why you support all of his rasist cabinet picks is the Republican Party that afraid of him trump is a mentalcase
What about the situations in U.S.-Russia conspiracy, Trump ethics... I'm ur constituent & ashamed of u.
thank you You are a real American hero thank you  for your service to our country don't listen to trump From a Dem.
are you going to announce your undying love and support for George Soros. Come out of the Soros closet.
as a female combat veteran it troubles me the way @realDonaldTrump insults you a POW!! Stand up to draft dodger Trump!!!!!
how do you allow this man to attack you? Are you all going to Idalee standby while he destroys the USA
what do you want to hearing my command. How about you we are standing on vietnam today?
please help us, have courage against Trump/Bannon
I am disappointed in your vote for DeVos .
so glad. Afghanistan needs attention. Our troops need help. Stop spending billions middle east
So are you and GOP going to insist that Trump deal with Russia as our foe instead of demoralizing our country!
you are truly an American hero! Thank you for standing up & speaking out. Not proud to be Republican these days. You rock sir
I'm a Dem but I respect your service to our country. Stand up to Trump. Heroes don't back down!
Thank you for your past military service. But Americans want to know: When will enough be enough? Pres. Is dangerous.
Thank you for being an honest man.
time to retire.
. You sir are to old or senile to do your job. You need to step down. You are an embarrassing mess
I'm amazed by the blatant disrespect your showing this man. Go right now & read about McCains service!
I know about his wonderful service that dose not mean the cheese has not slid off his cracker
Sir, I wonder how differently your ear buzzes when President Trump's talking about you.I recommend neosporin. You are a #hero
Hold him to the line, hold his feet to the fire, he's been given too much slack already.
Prior to #DJT the #GOP was over. You are the type that let us down for the last decade. Unite w @potus or resign from #GOP.
STOP this madness John.The current POTUS wont ever care about service men STAND UP FOR AMERICA AND STAY PROUD
Good Thursday Morning,Sen.John McCain and Family(wife) Cindy McCain
thank you for your service!!!
Thank you for your service, dedication & honesty. Please do not let them get away with degrading our great country further
I might be a liberal,but I respect you and I think you are a hero and a true patriot. Ignore Trump's tweets.
it is disgraceful how POTUS disrespects you. If he does that to you, imagine what he is doing to the American citizens.
where's your comment on @POTUS/@realDonaldTrump saying you're a loser who shouldn't talk about military missions?
has become a sad, sad old man.
whereas you've just become a pathetic 40 something who trolls a war hero...
if the US leaves the Taliban will have the country back in a week and just like Nam thousands that backed the US are dead.
No thanks.  Caved on DeVos and Sessions.  Coward.
thanks for your service
Stop voting along party lines and do the right thing!
#ShePersisted #Impeach45
