John your wrong again. TPP was NAFTA on steroids. Bad for the USA
.@SenJohnMcCain #JohnMcCain #traitor #GLADIO #McCain #GLADIOA #Svoboda #Azov #OlehTyahnybok #Ukraine
@UnkelFred @Doghouse451 @JohnMcCain
This space is not for Russian propaganda! Pathetic trolling...
If I were trolling, I'd do it well.

The NATO flag is blue with white compass.
And since you're from Ukraine you probably know which of those guys posted it.
Do you think the red flag is photoshopped? I do. But that guy did it.
The guy who posted that flag on his pro-Azov blog got kicked out of the unit.
.@SenJohnMcCain Why doesn't the President understand this, Senator?
Actually, @SenJohnMcCain and Obama were right, and Trump and you are wrong. Are we even?
Back it up w/ facts, then we'll discuss. You have nothing. Get back to me in 4 years when we're much worse off
Why not a wall along the Canadian border?
TPP allowed china a backdoor in to our markets tariff free. Either way, China won.
1. China is not part of the TPP. And 2. It was never ratified. #FakeNews
true, they weren't a part but china has separate deals with most Asian countries that were part of TPP. 1
TPP also had country of origin requirements but not on raw materials. A majority of those countries get raw materials from china. 2
it would have allowed them free access to through the back door. Plus it was always the intent to allow china to join eventually.
getting tariff free access to those countries would have been a good thing. Not bad.
it would be good if there was level playing field but allowing products made at slave wages to destroy our economy is unfair.
you can't have a free market when governments set regulations unless regulations are applied evenly to all countries.
Respectfully, why do you consider TPP to be a win for the majority of Americans? What is the game?
So the USA no longer wields great economic influence through the WTO. Who really cares?
.@SenJohnMcCain Let Trump lead as you RINOS accomplished nothing in 8 yrs of Obama destroying America. Pathetic weakness NOW you play tough.
Amen!
his time has come. Remove and replace
TPP is an abomination designed to send US jobs overseas and import foreign labor. You should be ashamed.
clueless person. Trump just took out US leadership over China in 40% of global trade. Coal jobs morons ruin US.
Bet your cell phone or whatever you tweet on was made in China.  Foxconn to move jobs to US. Thanks to Trump.
Fake news.
So everyone is happy they can still send their US dollars to China? NO! Trump administration will stop it.
will stop what exactly? Even with a 40% tariff Chinese labor is a fraction of US labor costs, still cheaper.
Anyone w. business experience knows labor is a fraction of product costs. Tariff will work, but w. risks.
other primary cost - raw materials. China has us beat there. Transportation - again China. Energy - China. 
#muslimban forfeits US leadership globally. Trump has dismantled all we stand for in 7 days. Why no resistance from congress?
Because the voting majority is Republican and they also want the world to burn.
Leading, is not trying to run in front of the crowd. This was a Clinton strategy that did not work for them either.
you are no Republican that i support.  You've been Liberal brain washed - up. Retire!
Sorry McShame our voice will not be silenced by traitors to the American people.
who's opportunity?
Quit betraying Americans.  We voted for you, but now you run to any microphone to sagatoge conservatives!  Shame on you!!
who from #TPP bought your support.
You're on the wrong side of American history old man
Resign Now, U R no longer wanted. U R a hinderance to the US, it's peace & it's truth. U do NOT represent our best interests.
John McCain received funds from George Soros during 2008 President campaign.
This idiot has no clue what he's doing! But no Mike Pence, he's worse!
100% right. Xi Jinping has been drinking champagne with a huge grin on his face for days...
John McCain, you sure have a big mouth. Support our president. You sure supported Obama and he was a traitor.
@ElaineSowersby are you going to do something about this delusional man?
you seem to want to handcuff America and it's workers. you care more about other countries then those who elected you.
so stop him
#WeMustStopTrump
lol. You are senile retire already
TPP is a rip off to America
Mr McCain you've done so much for our country but it's time for u to move on... you're in the way, new day new USA
Take a business lesson from POTUS... You've been in the swamp too long. Luv ya, but ur wrong.
GET BEHIND New POTUS John! YOU'RE A REPUBLICAN! Becoming Outdated???
《Old Sage》 Mr. McCain ,How smart are you¿ Now is NOT the time for you to disrupt & show your defiance of R president  @R_REV
shut up RINO
Unfortunately your wrong, we can do it just need a better deal, don't want NAFTA all over again.
Globalist and America Last McCain-Retire
Globalist and Ameria Last McCain-Retire you are a traitor
If you're against it, withdrawing from TPP must be a great idea! #MAGA
you are 100% correct.  China is coming across as the stable "good guy" and will take full advantage.
This is y we need term limits
Total bullshit. Go home.
forfeiting jobs isn't leadership.
get back under your rock, McShame!
New Zealanders have been campaigning against TPP for months. We don't want to cede basic rights to corporations. For off
Where's Jill Stein when we need her? Ppl of AZ:  demand a recount in your GOP Primary!
we started winning 6 days ago with  @realDonaldTrump president ! To hell with your American killing trade agreements !
I voted for you when you ran for President but I'm disappointed in your actions lately. The TPP was a wrong move
So Sorry that I ever Voted for you. But  I didn't in '16 and never will again
go home.
silence has been. Your time is over, your globalist agenda was voted out.
thank you for your service now exit stage right.
Perhaps you'd care to explain why, if #TPP is so great, negotiations were in secret and no public scrutiny?
I WASTED MY DONATIONS ON YOU, YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING WHILE IN THE SENATE - YOU NEED TO RESIGN LET THE NEW SHERIFF DO HIS JOB
two words Senator - TERM LIMITS.   Go home, write a book, etc.. Or hell even better, go run as a Dem which is true colors.
you're a liberal democrat
There needs to be a TPP v2. TPP v1 sucks for America.
Word on the street is he'll be debuting his pant suit next week
sorry, you're wrong
Yes and that is what we have to be the leader!
uh, no.  It allows the U.S. to lead with unilateral deals and not be forced to follow #china

NO TRADE WITH SLAVERS
You &BHO gave China leadership in Asia by letting it manipulate currency rates, not POTUS breaking TPP. McCain = #FakeFacts
you do realize the funny business you pulled during the last election cycle against @kelliwardaz is going to end you, right?
You are always a sellout. Please zip it and muzzle your poodle Graham too.
you should be arrested, tried & impriosned
you are a big old fraud!
You have lost all respect from Vets.
Shut up John.
Senator, I agree with you on this & on banning torture.
turn yourself in traitor!
you sir are part of the swamp that needs to be drained along with Lindsey
#TPP Eat our lunch & took our JOBS
Just remember Y we send U 2 Senate 2 represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE
WHO DO U REPRESENT
Only in USA a vet serve USA comes home & he or she R HOMELESS no job
CUZ  Mccain PROPRIETIES opportunity 2 #Asia SHAME ON U
Hey U have a job THK 2 TAX PAYERS 
UR TPP took food from my kids & my family
We send U 2 DC 2 serve USA opportunity first
The progress of senility is an ugly thing to watch.
Why are you still in Senate at 80 y/o-retire already-you're out of touch with ppl  TPP is dead
you really think other countries wont trade with us bc of China? We're the preferred trading partner of the world act like it
As usual you are wrong and @realDonaldTrump is right.WE DO NOT NEED AGREEMENTS WITH 6000 PAGES #draintheswamp #MAGA @nytimes
retire old man! You have made your billions on USA TAXPAYERS Get on the Trump Train or vacate your seat! We want America 1ST
Keep on cuckin #tpp #cuckservative #TrumpPence16
Dear @SenJohnMcCain,

FOAD

Sincerely,

America
McCain McCain McCain, WHYY do we still have McCain in Washington?   Est RINO, lifetime politician.LOOK where they took us
John McCain  please go away. 

Trump is rocking our country 

in a #MAGA kinda way!!
STOP with this paternalistic globalism. Retire!
Staying in "cuts off our nose to spite our face"
Now your tweeting like Trump .
Where are all your MSM buddies ?
Why not let them filter your meanings and support of #TPP?
you are a dem tool
Probably should have thought this nomination through just a wee bit more, huh?

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Same old globalist mis-truths. Get on board and #MAGA
are you senior or something like paid off???
retire plz, u r not a nice person anymore and I voted for u.  That was a terrible thing u tried to do to Trump
In other words we'll be letting an Asian country control Asia? How awful. @SenJohnMcCain
Withdrawing from #TPP abdicates US leadership in #Asia to #China - US can't win if we forfeit opportunity http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=75B5FF88-7343-427C-BC95-E2D4960E8B3B …
TPP or no TPP, China will be looking out for China. Getting us out allows #USA to look after #USA and maintain sovereignty.
Mr. Irrelevant wants us all to be treacherous neoconservatives. No thanks we love having a country!
vote out John McCain as the clown he is
I'm so sorry I voted for you in 08. You are BHO's twin, but a RINO.
YES! @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC are both DC swamp creatures! #DraintheSwamp
I am so in awe of how much you think you know.
yes forfeit the opertunity to enrich your self at cost of the American worker.

NO IT DOES NOT MR MC CAIN!!! YOU STILL DO NOT GET IT DO YOU? WOW....
@SarahLudford Tell that to your President, Senator.
Took a large stock hit from your Chinese investments, eh Senator McCain?  Invest in the US, heard they're on the upswing:)
Yes John you have experience and I respect you for your past war hero sacrifice but please retire. You are no longer needed
#retirement
thank God you were never elected President!
just go home

