BEWARE OF GEORGE!!!!, HE IS STILL A CLINTON LACKY!!!!!!!!!
can U resign please we are sick of your negative rude comments how about being nice for a week
discuss the price of a spine, Bloomingdales is having a sale
we're counting on you and your colleagues to protect us from @realDonaldTrump
don't be a snowflake
Hey McCain.  You were caught. Why do you always get caught? We like people that weren't caught.
Tou are a despicable human being. Just sayin'.
That hurt my feelings.
Are you one of those mormon women who has been convinced by the men she's just a stupid breeding cow or do you have a brain?
stand up against the "alternative facts" Senator and get the GOP congress to stand for the people! Please!
on Sunday, asked about the Women's March, you said nothing but looked tickled/appreciative - which was a pleasant surprise
Guess you missed the memo from the #WomensMarch We the people will not stand for this Expect us
Senator McCain, you've been there before in hours of great need. Our country is in great peril.
.@SenJohnMcCain @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos Can't the Senate Intellegence Commitee simply subpoena Trump's tax returns + follow ze money?
Did you just sell out?  Marines don't do that...Semper Fi!!!
.@SenJohnMcCain @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos On air, you state that Russia committed war crimes, yet it's okay to support #RexTillerson???
I hope that you will begin supporting President Trump wholeheartedly the same way you supported President Obama. You R part of GOP after all
Like selling America out to Exon Oil? I had hope that you really cared about our country!
Two traitors on one show. One trying to out HRC the other.
the hero of the Democrats running as a Republican, opportunist POS
please stay strong and vote against DeVos, Perry and Pruitt.
Traitors. Now you both sleep with the enemy.
we are looking to you and @LindseyGrahamSC to be the #checksandbalances on the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Very disappointed that you will be affirming Tillerson. Expected more
if you confirm Tillerson you are not putting this country first. You are putting it in danger!
hijacking of USA, destruction of land, ban, Russia sitting with dump, or alternate facts?
That's all you love.  Attention,Attention attention
you are a coward if you vote for Tillerson. You Republican are scared to defy The Orange Fool aka DJT
Ask him why during Bush's Iraq war he scrolled names of battlefield dead. & not for Obama wars.
it's time for a change in your seat. MAGA!
where is the independent nonpartisan investigation into Russian hacking our election?
Defer to President Trump Senator McCain
I have so much respect for you Mr. McCain! Please do all you can to keep our democracy alive!
You buckled on Tillerson? SHAME.  I thought you would do the right thing
Saw you, sorry you didn't support Pres Obama more often.  You're hands are full now!
Cannot continue to support you if you support Trump's picks / policies! Country first!!!!! 
with all due respect sir I can never take that man serious.....
McCain needs to do more...for women!!
Or maybe cut to the chase and discuss IMPEACHMENT NOW!
Will you be discussing, Russia Sex Tape Compromised PUTUS or maybe conflicts of interests, or ?
Thank you Sen. McCain for bringing up the "remarkable" #womensmarch
What exactly did he say that could change your mind about a Friendship award recipient??
Saw you on This Week. Already fighting President Trump!  Couldn't even say you have confidence
never thought the russIan's would get to you too. So disappointed in you. No to tiller
I had so much respect for you and you just lost it with tillerson
Please don't turn your back on us, we need you in the age of "alternative facts" to stop them..
from being the norm, from being the accepted!
Please address the mental instability of our new POTUS, and his disconnect with reality.
This grandstanding right after the election was for show. Russian puppet
Glad to see you keeping it real! Please don't back down. We need a decent Congress
I CAN NOT  BELIEVE that you are going to vote in favor of Tillerson.
Just saw you on This Week... you are a class act Sen. McCain. Truly a man people can believe in.
You are the GOP's Harry Reid. You're unhinged and irrelevant. Resign.
You continue to be an embarrassment to Arizona and this country.
I know I do not need to remind you of this, but country first! Not party! NO on Tillerson. Stand your ground against Trump!
we weren't marching for more military action or weapons. We marched against Trump agenda
You, sir, are a gentleman and a patriot. Thank you for staying true to your values and ideas for this country.
Thank you for calling #Russia out for war crimes in #aleppo
heard you are going to confirm Tillerson? Shame on you!
I am grateful that you are a man of honor. You are the best hope for survival of our Republic.
Let's See IF Even1 Of TheseTopicsIsAddressedOn #Fakenews @abcnews @drudgeheadlines @PRNews @cnn
Please hang up your Republican pants and join the protesters. You have lost my support. @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos
What we need you to discuss and vote FOR is investigation into Trump
I hope you'll be discussing how youll oppose Trump at every turn BC of disrespect to women, vets, muslims
No word on a massive worldwide protest but you're going to vote for someone the masses dont want? How much did they pay u?
tuned in and disappointed. You have responsibility to US not Trump.
I had hopes for you but we are doomed
so disappointed that you once again towed the party line instead of doing what's right. Already having Palin flashbacks:(
look forward it, talk in detail to investigations / Russia, trump/Russia election coordination
if you vote for tillerson you're a sellout.
Enforce the immigration laws we have..and get Trumps nominations approved.
Thank U for not normalizing what isn't normal & strength on Russian hacking. Pls keep us safe.
This is an opportunity for you to lead the sane branch of your party! Resist this fascisism
Very disappointed that you, of all Senators, would vote for Tillerson.
The FBI investigation Should be a Main Topic.Trump/Russia info they Have. America should know
Great job on Russia, but PLEASE DON'T vote for Sessions or Tillerson PLEASE PLEASE please
Great job on Russia, but PLEASE DON'T vote for SESSIONS OR TILLERSON PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!
Thank you for speaking out.
Traitor!
everybody will be watching you whether you protect Americans' earned benefits
Keep youriberal opinion to yourself, no one wants to hear it!
ABC and @CNN prejudice propaganda! They are not credible.
Senator:  PLS EXPEDITE confirmations of REX T, @RepMikePompeo ASAP!
While there explain why you hugged this group on Dec9.
It's a shame you have to protect America from a self destructive President
U spoke of the pwer of socl media & the march in response to Trump & twitter...it was Facebook that started & spread the word
Don't forget to mention the 5 trillion  you want for the MIC
History won't be kind sir!
thank you Sen McCain for your calm and deliberate thoughts on the show today.  I felt hope.
so much respect for you and your views. Thank you!
I hope your voting against Tillerson. Send the President a message.
I disagreed with your assessment of Flynn, Mattie, etc.  But you are correct yesterday's marches were remarkable.
loser talking with a station that lies @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos report correctly
please figure out how to work to get things done and not be idle.
Let's see: ...upgrading our Capabilities for War; blame everything on Obama.
George will be sitting to the Left, as always. In this case, they both may be off camera Left.
Will you ignore the message from yesterday?  Hope not. You are better than that.
will you fight for all Americans or will you fall into trumps line? Be the hero we know you are
I cant wait !
go away you old songbird of Hanoi. You can't be trusted by Amer. Ppl. Pockets stuffing croanie
Good Sunday Morning Sen.John McCain and Family; GOD BLESS
WE also care that DT is unfit, hr is a liar & has had traitorous interactions with Russia
will you address your parties President is a tool of Putin?  That's our biggest nat sec issue
Precisely where you belong...on ABC...Birds of a feather!
because WE care, and we'll care during election time. GOP decisions are unifying opposition
Better stand and protect the Grand Canyon!
please talk about how 6mill + protested not just DT but GOP healthcare cuts. Does GOP care?
Are you going to admit your a democrat this weekend? 
#RINO
just be careful hanging out with the socialist propagandists @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos
SO WHAT YOU GOT CAPTURE...YOU WAS FIGHTING FOR THIS COUNTRY!
Please talk about the fascist now in the WH and what you personally are going to do about it.
Reign your boy in McCain he's become increasingly delusional.
YOU HAVE INTEGRITY UNLIKE TRUMP #I AM A DEMOCRAT
No one cares what you think yellow Mcstain.
IF YOU WOULD'VE BEEN THE PRESIDENT WE WOULDN'T HAVE THESE PROBLEMS TODAY #I AM A DEMOCRAT
such as why ACA was scapegoated by GOP ... premiums will rise FASTER when repealed
yeah he's pissed me off redneck style Isis camps in the US and you're supposed to be a soldier
don't make us rednecks come out of the woods not this time get rid of that Isis camps in the US
hope to discuss term limits. Because you are one of the main reasons.
Pls start Senate investigations next week. This hacking/Russian ties cannot stand. @CIA @FBI
because anytime you politicians think y'all can whoop her ass jump we will send you home
@GOP @seanspicer @JeffFlake @KellyannePolls America is watching. The OTHER America.
or are y'all letting them in here thinking you're going to take over good luck with that one
pls discuss the lies from new admin. It's important people hear truth.
Watched raw video feed on @POTUS at @CIA. @PressSec is a liar. All wild hooting & clapping only came fm upper hallway guests.  <than 30 secs https://twitter.com/somebadideas/status/822995488081399808 …
well let's talk about Isis camps in the US and you are damn Soldier government is a disgrace
so true
Are you Senator going 2 discuss #Iran' terror with its militias ?
Thank you Sen. McCain working hard 4 check & balances 4 our country...
is @GStephanopoulos still on the Clinton payroll?
When you do, please put the country you fought for above your party affiliation. History is watching you.
Exactly the poor old man is a sore sour loser thinking of his wounded ego..instead of people
