Coverage Losses Under the Senate Health Care Bill Could Result in 18,100 to 27,700 Additional Deaths in 2026.
Amazing stupidity of Americans!!Insurers are leaving Obama care!!Don't you understand what that means???Insurance card no care!!

Your answer a link to CNBC Very convincing????

If you can't see through NYT or CNBC news twist, no hope &  waste of my time! Obviously  written to  blame GOP  (gullable Americans) 4 Dem's
AND you & @JeffFlake are voting yes or no on the healthcare bill? Constituent minds want to know.
Republicans  to take Pensions of 181 Thousand Vietnam Veterans and Throw on Street PTSD Pension from $2500 -$793
Republicans Hate Veterans
It took Trump to get it done.  How long have you been in Congress?  #TermLimits
1 in 10 veterans rely on Medicaid for their care #ProtectOurCare
Jeez. It's almost like socialized medicine isn't working correctly.
2) Russian interference
Sad that it took Trump to get it done... a NON Vet. POTUS has more respect for our vets.
The bill that you had nothing to do with, didn't even show up for signing!!
You have his number!!!Acts more like a liberal!
The system is "broken" and you have been a Senator for how long?
And AZ is where everything blew up! @SenJohnMcCain  What have you been doing for veterans all these years?
Why are you working against our President??
Will you sign #AHCA #HealthcareBill that takes insurance away from millions of Vets?  Where's the @GOP accountability for that?
Trumpcare is a $1Trillion tax cut for the super rich & gutting of Medicaid.
While you still review the tax care disguised as healthcare? That will disenfranchise vets, the rural poor & millions to #tax break the rich
How far over budget is the VA hospital in Denver, labeled the Ta MahVA by some locals?  Couldn't those$$ have been used a lot better?
Already happening with Obama care!
Cocos Uprising Sandies HusbandMaliosMiscDrLs Off 4?DaysagoSpbloadMethcp??,Needs RespitJojoBrnHerionStaulkgThu FloorsnoPants JustChang Strjac
Heart chest pains DrPershad Tues Move Sandies toTempe Ring
Dora's Mattress Daughter Jacked sold me Mattress StonNutSwtBrestJonRadarinOverhead!!!As AlwaysBus Station nowMidHowardThrout Badgerg
We can thank president TRUMP!
Look out, vets.  Here it comes.
1) here's what you REALLY need to be worried about Senator McCain...Trump admin has taken little meaningful action to prevent future
CONGRATS TO TRUMP!
Joni's Stone IgnorgSlacherMoveRoomDown Severe ElectricalSpasmsL5Tailbn
AFTER YEARS IN OFFICE IT TOOK TRUMP TO DO THIS WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN .
Do not support Trumpcare bill that will deprive tens of millions of health care
So it's ok to hold those at the VA accountable but not any of the people in Washington? We are not free without our health. Save ACA!
Yea Cain we got a lot of homeless vet's.  Don't through Medicaid under bus.  I 'll be watching u
My mistake more important God is watching u. Remember HE brought thru that hell. He didn't throw u under the bus
I like u. Even though I'm a democrat. I feel bad what trump said. Remember Satan runs around like a roaring lion waiting to devour
I Love You Sir.
Songbird, you haven't done ANYTHING  to be pro-active about vets rights.Shameful any illegal alien gets better healthcare than any veteran!
Voted for you not listening to active service people and vets who described you as a arrogant pathetic & self aggrandizing . I I Was WRONG!
Protect Obamacare and don't sign that garbage
Hope you're enjoying your last year in office...you'll be losing your seat soon enough.
OFFS John, this isn't a new bill ... It's recycled from 2011 AND 90% of your base don't know what's even in this bill. #GOPDECEPTION
Senator, you have a lot of lives in your hands.  Don't play idiotic games of party politics.
WHERE WERE ALL OF U REPUBLICAN SENATORS WHEN OBAMA TRIED TO PASS BILLS TO HELP VETS? ONLY A GOOD IDEA WHEN REPUBS DO IT? U DON'T CARE!!!!!!!
Mcain institute hs same donors as crooked Clinton foundation. Saudi Arabia OCP IRan Russia , starting a petition-investigate#crookedmccain
And something you couldn't accomplish in 30 years.  Why would you recognize this now?  You should be ashamed of your record.  #abysmal
Can you live with yourself after you vote along Party lines (yes vote) on repealing healthcare? Can you face your constituents?
First time McCain signed anything FOR veterans

are still a Hero and Vote down this bill that won't kill your rich family, but will kill many of ours! Are you a Hero or was Trump right?
That was President Donald Trump who signed that into law a signing you failed to attend don't even talk
I wondered why last election John McCain may lose his seat! John McCain? He's a war Hero? Then flushed that to support Trump/Rep! Prove you
Once a Hero (not in Trumps eyes), then Palin!,Supporting Trump!,babbling in special session!, now healthcare! Vote No, then step down! Hero?
Thank God for President Donald J Trump for getting this done!
Thank you President Trump!!
America deserves affordable healthcare too...sad how so many of these veterans will lose their healthcare with that HORRID bill. #voteno
If you can't back up Trumps plan, you might as well love Obamacare rule...
What a joke, the president is wrong doing things everyday, said he recorded Comey saying things, which was a lie. Demand he show his taxes.
When do you fire the losers that have been running the show up until now?!?!

You're not fulfilling your promise to #veterans by destroying the #ACA & taking healthcare from vets that don't qualify for VA Care! https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/878281315967279106 …
"Our bill"? This was a REPUBLICAN bill by REPUBLICANS. Continue on your drive to be the Dem candidate for 2020 you senile RINO. Or retire.
Millions without insurance and many will die but this bill is being pushed to make the rich richer. The people who elected u deserve better
If GOP votes trumpcare in they should have the same insurance. Sad they rather give tax breaks to millionaires than doing what is right
Help on one hand, harm on the other. Just as two faced as you have been. Vote NO on the AHCA
Not a bad accomplishment for a 30 year career.
So wrong on so many levels. Definitely won't vote for you ever again. Stand up for your retirement state
Are u kidding?  I'm disable with a deadly disease , 56 yrs old, and Medicaid wion't  be there for us! What about veterans who need help ?
Time will tell.
Looks like the breeze must have started to blow from another direction
https://twitter.com/Chemzes/status/877911999799283712 …
@donaldherring11 @FoxNews. ARE YOU
TALKING AS A REPUBLICAN OR CROSS THE ISLE AS DEMOCRAT....sir,
Thank you Donald Trump!! As usual, you had nothing to do with it. VOTE KELLI WARD!!
COMMON SENSE LAWS THAT PROTECT PEOPLE ARE A BLESSING TO ALL !IT GIVES PEOPLE A SENSE OF COMFORT AND RELIEF ;IN OUR GOVERNM ;TO WHCH TH SERV
You are knee deep in this one. Looks like Trump Care will hurt vets along with 23 million others. Now what?
Right now America has no accountability thanks to GOP selling their souls to the devil.
Not until ends the practice of cyclic promotions. They leave a high level slot open and "promote" ppl into it for six months then repeat
Give credit where it's due: Bill Clinton reformed the VA. Sad that you promote this minor bill yet would kill thousands with Trumpcare.
When do Chapter 61 retirees get to keep their retirement and stop paying for their own disabilities? $T for war, $0 for chapter 61 retirees!
Trumpcare will destroy the finances & lives of many of your constituents in order to give tax breaks to Wall St & CEOs.
GREAT! So... When are you going to stand up to the Russian puppet in OUR White House sir? Have you NO COURAGE LEFT? VOTE NO  #Republicowards
Please save lives! Oppose the AHCA!! Real people at stake!!!
Why don't you hold Trump accountable for his lies and obstruction of justice?
How many of our fellow veterans rely on #Medicaid ? Are you going to support #PutinCare ?
A bill to fire people who are generally doing the best they can under the impossible circumstances of a Republican-underfunded agency.
How about some accountability for the White House sir? Or are you not interested now that Mrs McCain has a State Dept posting? Disappointing
You have nothing better to do then the news media's job
Country over partisanship, Senator. Seniors will suffer & die if you vote for Trumpcare. The pain of your constituents will haunt your soul.
What held you back from doing that the last 8 years?!  At least you get first come service at the VA, screw the rest right.
Hey Sen. it appears as though this new TRUMPCARE takes benefits away from your beloved vets so will you vote no?
as you know not all vets are on VA and rely on medicaid. don't cut their funding.
Right. I'll believe it when I see it.
Vote no on bullshit #trumpcare and we might believe you actually give a shit about vets and the Americanpeople.
CARE NOW is what Vets need, not GOP rhetoric & photo ops.  CARE NOW to save their lives, a debt we owe...not accountability in the future.
Oh, ya, that is just brilliant, now they will quit because it isn't their fault it is the gov't fault for not providing what is needed!
Where have you been for the last 20 years John ???????????????????
That's right!
Enhance your accountability by getting your wife out of the Trump administration.  Be the man I thought you were.
Yet if you vote to support this trumpcare bill many vets won't have insurance. Bet that's disturbing huh....
Don't believe the hype!
