Thanks for traveling safe, sleep well. #SenJohnMcCain +etal w/Regards to #CindyMcCain 
#Kompromat is it true that many other #NATO countries' intelligence agencies already have this? We need some arrests #trumprussia #treason
I bet u promised boots on the ground everywhere
The best way you could keep Europe in peace is by don't putting a foot in it.
John, you don't speak on our behalf... Please resign!!!
S hut u p, u old f ool
Democrat war monger John McCain. Add traitor to your credentials. Rand Paul is an honorable man. You're a Chinese globalist plant. Retire
You seriously just called McCain a democrat war monger after the president you are retweeting sent Tomahawks into Syria, MOAB into Afghan
McCain went to Syria 3 weeks ago. He is colluding with deep state agencies to war with Russia, Syria, North Korea. Trump being manipulated
Ok. Your tin foil hat is ready.
WMD in Iraq was a lie by your corrupt establishment hero
Yes, I'm well aware of that.
And it's not my "establishment"
@YllMatic look here.
Is this comedy?  Why isn't McCain in Arizona?
Songbird will be back in AZ, right after he records another anti-US message for the enemy, and hangs out with more isis members #warmonger
Thank you Senator McCain for being our global face of reason.
Why didn't you take Sarah Palin with you on this "almost President" lap around europe?
You might want to have a chat with the man-boy in the WH about peace.
I liked the video, particularly the photos of Sen. McCain with U.S. troops. Like many veterans, I respect him for his own military service.
@TheWarMonitor Kosovo je Srbija!!!!!
Keep Dreaming Kosova je serbia.
That used to be milosevic dream too.
But where is he now, oh wait he died.
Dream Come true
You ? Peaceful ... Come on, leopard can't change it's Stripes. It wouldn't be long before you advocate for bombs to be dropped somewhere
You are a terrosist!!!!
We don't want war in N Korea!!!!!! Stop 45 from authorizing strikes without congressional authority please! 
Traitor , the Russians turned him in the Hanoi Hilton , his job is to destroy America , he's doing a good job of it !
Trying to top Trump's travel bill$?
yes!
Thank you for Visiting Kosovo and Albania true allies of America
I am a U.S. Army veteran and I thank you for again reassuring Europeans of continuing U.S. support for their freedom and security.
A Europe that won't pay for it's own defense, so it can provide free tuition to citizens and then mock the country that defends them?
Why don't you stay home and effect positive change in AZ instead of meddling?  Checking on your ratlines?
Traitor
So you don't breathe air or drink water? Explain the reins act...why do republicans want to Nunn poison Americans
Thank you for sharing
Where do your Muslim brotherhood and ISIS pals fit into this equation?
Why are making promises for USA

Are you aware you lost the presidency? You seem to be confused.
good for you Sen Jamal McCain, congrat for your conversion to the death cult

Do your job.  #IndependentInvestigation
Sir - stop trying to further distract the public. Stand up for your damn country against the treason occurring right under your nose.
Neo-con!!!!!!!!!
Support Steve Bannon drive. Say no to neo-con, globalist, insider, deep state traitorous slime bags!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like a beautiful place.
now move there and ruin their country.
We are waiting for your town hall
That's great.Luv wht u do. remember the power to declare war is in the legislative branch not executive. Why r u letting this happen
PLEASE, you are one of the few who can do something b4 dt blows up our world. Protect Tokyo & Seoul!!! Is he nuts. Why are we butting in?
While your out gallivanting around the world the puppet president Trump plans to start world war 3 without congressional approval 
Please save us from that lunatic, Trump.  You are one of the few republicans with a conscience.
I like your poster, you are now the senator of Kosovo. Stay there.
Yeah affirmation from Senator McJello is sad. How's that Russian investigation going?
But not his constituants.
You misspelled MAOB
Please help us get the kleptocrat in chief out of office before he kills us all!
Who is paying for you and groups trip. How much money is bring spent on all of you
TY, Senator! To smack-talkers: "Twitter"-Where everyone w/ an opinion can deliver digital shoe-leather. Any ACTION by them? #DeedsNotWords
Maybe u & @nikkihaley team up for a presidential run?
and lose again?
Reaffirm your commitment to the citizens of the  and impeach The illegitimate potus DJ Trump.
: Stop wasting our time & money on stupid, self serving Junkets. You are a has been that doesn't know it
And then Trump dropped the MOAB.
Who remembers when McCain is actually supporting his POTUS and GOP PROGRAMS instead of his own agenda?
Stand up and be the man I've always admired. Do something to get Trump out of the White House
We no longer know when you will stick to what you say & when you will say, oh what a shame, but I have to vote against what I said I believe
@congressdotgov @GOP @SenateGOP Hey old man hypocrite .did you feel the mother of all bombs drop? Damn they missed u?
overrun by Russian owned shadow banking.
Hahahaha! If that were true by Pachyderm conspiracy theorists a Republican would never be allowed to visit.
JOHN do us Arizonaians a favor and take a helicopter ride around our state to see how bad shape are all our roads and bridges.
Yes, and you need to call the president out when he works or speaks against NATO.
never gonna happen..When are you going to address the collusion of#trumprussia ?
"Warmonger McCain". That's what America is calling you? Did you even realize that?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain God bless USA!
I hope you had to turn over all of your passwords, genius
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service and commitment.  A true honor to be in your presence today!
Do you have no control over this ignoramus in the WH? $314 mil in bombs today and $100 mil less than a week ago - 414 million dollars!
#EUROPE,  The Land is a Land beyond all others.What has been created by God, can only be destroyed by him. SenJohn McCain ; One TRUE .......
Trump's tax returns now.
Tell that to your boss.....
God bless you, for being the true voice of human compassion and Liberty.
Senator, please way in on the bombing today. Your insight is so valuable.
You snowflakes seem to home in on Trump's military service. What about Obama and Clinton. Keep the argument honest.
Neither actively dodged service. Done.
Should have taken Chevy Chase with you. He's already done the European vacation and could have taken you to some fun spots.
Well then Fuckoff back to the failed state of America!
Respect you f/your military service. Speaking out against t/nuclear option good; you voted for Gorsuch given your stance;respect was lost 1)
on t/politically platform. Throwing "who ever would...in 200 yrs. invoke nuclear rule...stupid, yet don't refuse to vote=Party over Country
So you won't be at the Town Hall tonight with @JeffFlake ?
Travel to getting this idiot out
Terrific. Now can you please keep your draft-evading POTUS from starting the next world war?
Thank you Senator McCain!!!!  You are just the man for the job!
Ok, well I'm not as confident as you.  Did you see the news today?
Can you help remove the #Kompromat from the #WhiteHouse? The one who insulted your brave service to this nation...the #DraftDodgerInChief.
#AbuMccain
who paid for the trip?
Which is why you want to escalate the conflict in the Donbass.
Try to travel by your own car. Maybe yoy see real problems.
Do u have a hard on after the MOAB was dropped. Euphoric wasn't it for you? What next, nuclear holocaust? Bunch of bloodthirsty warmongers
