For our country's sake would you please not enable this Trump-Putin relationship and get to the bottom of this?
he is not enabling it. He is one of the few that continually brings light to the huge problem.
& Graham forming subcomm 2 investigate Russ hacking.I bet will expl y T's so in love w Putin.
why isn't he being brought here?he was poisoned before
The country is concerned that Trump might start doing this to his enemies. He never says one bad word re' Putin. Why??
@JeffersonObama Please tell me more about the relationship with your dear friend, Vladimir...I'm intrigued! #TheResistance
I'm certain there's more to this story than that which we the people are aware.  #TheResistance
Our country is suffering with Trump's cabinet and you are just going to fall in line and vote lockstep for its destruction.
I'm sorry to hear this very troubling news. When will we the people intervene? We can't allow our Pres to compare US to that.
Sir, please bring him home or help facilitate getting him to England. He is not protected in Russian hospital. Thank you!
to Russia.That time there was also a hysteria by western MSM which shut up aftr it turnedout Kara-Murza
I wish you would vote against the people who are in cahoots with his poisoner. Why do you support Trump?  @JeffersonObama
Please stand with @SenateDems and Vote No #StopDevos she is not right for American Public Education
why did you accept funding from the George Soro's cabal and will you resign from the Republican Party on principle?
We r sorry too. Keep doing the right Senator. We need u right now. #respect
and wish you would continue the streak by voting against #Devos
I am so so sorry. My Dad escaped Latvia and I am glad he's not alive to witness these atrocities again
Is anyone doing anything?!  Or has Trump basically sold his soul to Putin? Kara-Murza, Ukraine, Poland, ...then US
unconstitutional acts that are trying to be passed
Will Trump bring Kara-Murza back 2 US? Will he abandon him in favor of Putin?It would suggest s/t untoward abt Trump-Putin.
Wish you were heartbroken over Arizona Vets!
@NatsFamily. While Donald praises (Ras)Putin & disses our fine military. Why are you folks standing by, let him destroy us?
as a military bet you know what risk our military are being put in by trump too.i hope your fellow senators will oppose
@SDSunchaser And yet you continue to support @realDonaldTrump who is a puppet of the #Putin . I am sorry about your friend.
It's another sovereign nation. Leave them alone. Stop trying to undermine the guy who won we you couldn't.
please have transferred here. His wife and children are here. He is being killed.
this is horrible news. Thank u for staying on path for USA. We truly appreciate it.
@Reuters Be as sympathetic towards your own country. Why did you take money from American hating Jew hating George Soros
. Senator...My heart breaks over this .My prayers are with him..?.
please leave the party of the dark side and help America.
Please senator, start a special investigation into Russian/Trump involvement. Smells bad.
have Putins friend Sec.of State Tillerson get him the hell out of there!
Time for you to step back, let President Trump do his job.  You lost your bid, we are tired of hearing you whine!
@realDonaldTrump won't speak up about Ukraine, will you call him to speak up here?!? or you prefer #alternativefacts
Has Tillerson issued a statement yet?
Good ques! Last time it happened 2 Kara Murza, he was brought back to US. Will Trump side w Putin?
@JeffersonObama And your president is Putin's puppet. You are doing nothing about it.
can you put a stop to the trump/bannon/putin reign? Please vote NO to Devos
I refuse 2 believe Americans r so stupid they eat evry BS they r fed.Especially if they fed by McCain,t friend of AlBaghdadi
everyone see this and do something about it. He is making us look like fools in front of our allies. Please do something.
Please help this country. Trump is saying Putin is a killer but he still is praising him. He is mentally unfit. Why can't
Crickets from TRUMP!  WHY ISN'T THE INVESTIGATION MOVING FORWARD?
I'm heartbroken  that you support an insane man like trump,as a leader for America.We all want trump http://impeached.Help 
@realdonaldjtrump  Interesting?  You also have a friendly Russian connection?  Quit worrying about POTUS then.
Where your sympathy for the Apache tribes in your own state? How much are you making off the copper mining you got thru?!
you owe it to your friend to follow through. Defeat Putin's puppet here before it's too late.
is the only person with a close Russian Friend. Does this mean he's a spy? Is McCain on Soros payroll or is it Fake News?
Please think of your legacy and go down in history as doing the right thing: join Democrats when Trump oversteps.
. Thats what they want. Thats what bannon wants
and Trump speaks so highly of Trump so sad for America only there to help the wealthy not the majority so sad
I fear Bannon will have Trump begin to poison his enemies time to impeach Trump please do it for America
would be great if you work to stop Putin influence in USA
@tenthousandjoys John! Just move over there! We won't mind!
thought u hated Russians. Don't trust them. U would be all over Trump admin for comment like that
This person is not someone outstanding, his opinion means nothing to the Russians. There is no reason to kill him.
It is not a patriot. He is an enemy and a traitor.
get ready for 4 years of heartbreak - will Tillerson who u voted 4 get involved in this case like US did w last poisoning????
go and fucking get him like last time don't let him die over there
hard to take this seriously after u voted for Tillerson
friend haha you have no friends songbird
@hulucthulhu sen mccain i ask u everyday to save r world from trump u and sen graham r the only 2 people that can do this
this is sad and frightening news.  I thank you for rejecting the ban and rejecting torture.
So many have sacrificed so much in defense of their country and principles. Thank you for your service.
All the more reason to investigate russian assets.
@lolalolita0 send help! Help him
Please stop Trump and his support of Putin. I fear there may be a traitor in our (White) house.
You are our moral leader now. Tho' I'm a Dem, I listen to you and L.Graham. Please oppose DeVos.
Wait a minute, you condemn President Trump for his Russian statements all the while YOU HAVE A RUSSIAN BFF!!!!
Did you read more than the tweet, follow the link? It’s short, an easy read. It will be instantly clear why your rage doesn’t fit.
my deepest condolences. Stay strong. We need you John McCain!
yes the USA DOES #no to Devos
y would u care you don't care about kids in this country $from Devos#no on Devos
Important to remember that Putin is number one death cause of Russian patriots.
So move there delusional old man.  You are not needed here. in fact you are obstructing the work of the Republican Party
DO SOMETHING.  I believe you connected the dots.
so you have ties to Russia? Somebody investigate!
we are all disheartened for his family in the US. Please continue your pursuit of Putin and Trump. Thank you sir!
We need to get him out of Russia ASAP.
Can we get Trump to help get him out of there and bring him to safety?
@puppymnkey Very disturbing and unfortunate. Putin seems to be making some bold moves lately...
@puppymnkey I don't always agree with you but Thank you for being an American over a Republican.
@puppymnkey can we get him to a safe place? Probably not the US but somewhere?
@puppymnkey What are you going to do about it Senator?
@puppymnkey can't someone get him out of Moscow? Is he even safe to have medical treatment there?
Dear  @SenJohnMcCain They poisoned my friend in the same way. I can help to diagnose the poison. Please contact me urgently.
well you could ask your orange boss to ask his boss Putin to stop poisoning the dude!!
Your courage at this time with this adminstration may test your convictions as never before. Stand tall.
again
Stand up to Putin's Puppet in the WH
Prove it. Trump is in bed with Putin, You know it. 
IMPEACH TRUMP FOR PITY'S SAKE #Treason #Illegitimate
yes prove how heartbroken u r. Start a criminal investigation against the thuggish  in the WH. #impeachNOW
@PrincessBravato Help Him!
@PrincessBravato You CAN avenge him. Investigate Trump + Putin.
@PrincessBravato DT is responsible for this Impeachment needs to begin now.
@PrincessBravato Do you feel bad for an entire country suffering under the GOP's spawn of Satan?
@PrincessBravato will you stand against your party? As a combat veteran what he said about you is disgusting. Get the traitor
@LouiseMensch Is the administration helping him as in the past, or does that conflict w/ Trump's Putin love affair? #Treason
@LouiseMensch Can we get him here for treatment?
Uncover Trump's ties to Putin!
You have the power to stop what is happening. Do it, for America, for the world. Walk the walk...
This is scary because I can almost see the same happening here in the US in the near future! Fight Senator! Save this country
We pray for a speedy recovery!
typical for Russia and now we will soon follow? You are not a sheep!
it's time for President Trump shows his move....
Then why does Trump want to get cozy with these murders, Putin and company?
he is proof that Trump is corrupt!! Save him again!!
Geez, I wonder what happened to your dear friend? Putin is a murderer and DJT's BFF!  Does this sound right to you? #ExGOP
and goofball doesn't believe that Putin kills people...  I hope he recovers
Wrap your head with aluminum foil! Do you hear the black helicopters? Why not just go work for Nat Enquirer? Wow! #MAGA
Many hearts are with yours. Senator
coming soon to a dissenter near you.
Putin poison him again for speeching out against him and T wants to be friends with him he hacked R country r enemy
Thank you for showing the sense and maturity that is lacking in the White House
like you are for us. That you for your investigation into Russian hacking
.  Russian Us election
 investigation? Special council? What happened to outrage over Russian hacking?
I am a democrat who supports what you are doing to bring a strong voice of opposition to what u see happening in DC. #respect
And, thank you for being one of the few with ethics and integrity to stand up for democracy
Please take action to address the national security council changes.
Let's hope he pulls through. Please keep speaking your mind. Thank you for your service.
another victim of the Kleptocrats- in my opinion our America is headed down this same road- look at cabinet appts and the WH
Get Bannon out now!
Bring him home
please do the right thing for Americans @SenJohnMcCain the president bannon and Trump are dangerous for America
it's an obvious Putin assassination attempt
Wish you could be as heart broken about our patriots in uniform that sacrifice everything chasing your agenda.
You sir are our beacon of hope for the future of this nation.  Thank you for your courage
please help him
What, you don't want to go make a war over it? Such a hipocrite & dangerous. Trying to start WW3 with friend @LindseyGrahamSC
Can't your Leader get him out with a phone call
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats  please set up an inquiry into this. Also on the Russia hacking in elections
Keep up the fight John. You are one of the only heros in the Republican Party.Don't smile and nod and take it from Trump
why do you hate America??  Party over country.  #notamaverick
this is so sad. There are things we don't know. What is going on Putin, Trump, and our new white supremacists in Whitehouse?
Putin retaliation. When are you going to investigate Trump's Russian collusion? OUR DEMOCRACY NEEDS YOU
vote no de vos
vote no on de vos
.   Interesting so you have Russian friends?? Maybe you hacked the DNC
thank you for being the voice of reason.  I am a committed democrat, but you would have my vote.
. Sure he does because he's a Democrat to
This is why @POTUS refuses to say he is being blackmailed. Please investigate this.
u better get him out of Russia
Yes! Now speak out for "true patriots" in our country protesting Trump. Same thing! America under siege
help him please
thank you for being a great leader that is a bright light in dark days
awful! Honor what he stands for by forcing inquiry into Russian involvement in US elections & business with POTUS appointees
because he knew more than he should about Trump and he's probably poisoned.Maybe you can open a committee &blame Hillary
Thank you for even mentioning this as @realDonaldTrump and his SecState buddy up to Putin and overlook this & Ukraine for $.
what is a "true Russian patriot"??
Yet we're getting right into bed with Putin. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP could actually avoid this but are choosing not to.
go visit him with a one way ticket.
Trump doesn't even have Russian friends Warmongers are always trying to overthrow somebody.
Do what you can to get him away from murderer Putin, please. We know Trump won't.
it is truly sad. Watch out yourself, we seem to have a president who wants to silence his opponents
do something
I'm so sorry about your friend. Been following his story for some time. Can't believe he's been poisoned again. Bless him!
senator, you know what’s going on here. Please help us all
and will the US help again since he has a green card or will we leave him there so putin can Finish the job he botched twice?
I'm sorry. I've been praying
what is being done to investigate ties w Russia?? Democracy is disintegrating under Trump and GOP does nothing.
he just posted a hint to his own ties to Russia right here. He will do nothing. Getting dementia if you ask me
Very sorry to read this. Many Americans support bringing matters re: Russian violations of civil libs under strict scrutiny.
Where is Trump's statement?
Senator you need to forcefully defend this republic or you won't have a party that means anything to us, or you.
I hope it not because he is one of the spies who works for you. Do you feel responsible for this?
.@SenJohnMcCain We need more pressure for a thorough investigation of RUS connections and @realDonaldTrump administration. Keep speaking out
than help him!!! Talk about it on the Senate floor today!!!
Couldn't we get this person to a hospital in USA to determine whether or not Putin had them poisoned?
so you are the one with ties to Russia and had the fake pee gate story on Trump it's becoming very clear your the fake news
× Will you please run for President in 2020.  We need a Republican in there with a compass to set us straight.
Have Rex call his good buddy Putin to help.
All this is becuse youre country is a Joke, Obama was to weak on Putin and now Trump is even worse!
Vladimir Kara-Murza patriot?lol)))
I'm sorry for your pain + your friend's struggle. We value the sacrifices you have already made, but need you to take action.
well we are all heartbroken you're ignoring the hostile take over of our govt by the people prob involved. So ya know.
John-as an AZ senator-why do continue to undermine POTUS -justkeep your mouth shut
Truly sorry for this, praying doctors can help him or at least keep him comfortable and not in pain!
At least he didn't get the Putin treatment that Boris Nemstov got...
Keep pushing for Russia investigations. We need to know the truth.
Keep upbthe pressure Senator!!!
, let's stop talking about Celeb Apprentice and talk about Moscow and The Ukraine and poisoning people.
Too many coincidences just aren't coincidental anymore! You fought war, were a former Presidential nom, please HELP US(A)
and we just eased sanctions on the FSB while they are poisoning perceived opponents of Putin.
And, what are you going to do about the Russian hacking? Soon opposition will be mysteriously poisoned in the us.
#impeachTrump #RESISTANCE #NoPresidentBannon #NoBanNoWall #BowlingGreen #alternativefacts
Yes, sir he is. What is U.S. doing to help him? We need to bring him back to U.S., if it's not too late. Bromance continues?
