ASHAMED  criminal Arpaio free  IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT IMPEACHMENT
Were u ashamed when baraclk released thousands from jail, drugs, terrorists, hard criminals. One killed girlfriend after
unlike you on your healthcare promise
Stroke it SOUND BITE, PHOTO OP Johnny! That is about all you are good at along with BACK STABBING, LYING, CHEATING, STEALING and MURDER!
Why aren't you working on healthcare and taxes ?  Too busy on vaca

Stop wasting time and fix healthcare while we suffer out here!
WELL AT LEAST HE HAS SOMEONE TO SIT AND LISTEN TO HIS BORING BULLCRAP !THEIR THE ONLY ONES!AS PPL OF OUR Country WE SURE DIDNT WANT TO
Lookup JOSH UMBEHR
Hope all is well with your treatment. Keeping you in our thoughts and prayers. Thank you for your service to our country and to our state!
Oh, he will NOT survive that brain cancer. Brought to him by Karma
McCain needs to go!!! 
Joe Arpaio is a patriot but you're a traitor
You can do this every day Senator - but you must retire first. Please. Thank you. All the best to the Cardinals, class team. Great coach.
Bet that made one of you.
Song bird doesn't sing when 5 top taliban released by obama . Also you traitor didn't you receive a pardon !
We see you John we see you are even going back on your previous stances just to tweet the opposite of Trump ...America sees you
Wonder why POWs still call you songbird. It's been so long.  You'd think they'd let go that you gave info to Vietnamese
Looming for someone to screw over
Disgusting that the worst @potus in the history of the USA has just pardoned horrible racist namedJoe Arpaio. GOP should be ashamed tonight
Worst that Clinton pardoned pedophile Epstein and drug smuggler rizzo, and barack pardoned manning, a spy felons in jail
Senator you are helping me grow as a person. You're the first R follow on my twitter and now I'm liking this Cards post. But...Go Niners!
Yup, all the Liberals love McCain. He's a traitor and an obstructionist, so no big surprise that Democrats love him.
Why don't you do something to support your @POTUS and the American ppl...like #RETIRE!?! We  @realDonaldTrump !!

And she doesnt speak on Fox becuz of the dirty deepstate tricks you seem to keep pulling. Whats wrong with u? 
I'm sure you enjoyed it
Too bad you can't work that hard for the people of Az. Maybe you should pay the premium increases for a Arizonian.
You are a fraud @SenJohnMcCain You are a disease, you and those like you, Republican and Democrat both.
#weseeyou
When will you focus on Americas needs. We wounded if you have been controlled by th democrats or Sorols.
Did you let them know about your relationship with nazis?  @stranahan @__0HOUR1_ @TrumpsBlonde
Go away
Well there goes are season. Thanks traitor
resign
Please don't stop demonstrating your Elitism through these wonderful pics & tweets.  Hypocrite.  #hero2zero
So glad the D.C. Royalty is afforded special privileges unavailable to the Americans you crap on every day you do nothing which is every day

Wow you voted against so many veteran bills!
McCain deserves Obamacare.
You should've dropp the right Vote to end Obamacare...Mr fighting to stop Obamacare.
Apparently the 'geniuses' in GOP can't see that this is our party! Like it or not: Trump's Party! NO RINOS NO DEMS 2018! #maga #harvey2017
Think you're repeating yourself. Read that yesterday. RETIRE
Support our President.  Why did you vote against repeal of Obamacare?
I hope that was on your dime and not the dime of the taxpayer.
Repeal and replace Obamacare like you promised coward!
Ur looking gud 2!  God speed, tell meghan she is missed on air. Love from Rubio land!
Working on the Tax Reform Plan Senator????????
From Rick Roberts Show: McCain should switch to Democrat for simple reason we would then know where he stands!
Deadman walking -you will not be strong. Getting weaker... who's side are you on: Russia? America?
Get to work and support our President!

