- Retire RINO.
We don't wan't your New World Order.  Do us a favor and stay in Brussels!
Deflection.  Needs to be reusable energy, as little pollution as possible
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

Senator,
I worked a rally in 2008 when got your hat handed to you! You are an envious back stabber!
Errand boy for the Clinton's, dossier delivery boy, no credibility at all...
Judas to your party and our new President!
I hope you read this and know the full measure of disgust and disappointment I feel with you!
-I'm a resident of Peoria , AZ and want to urge you to move forward with Impeachment hearings against Trump
The future of US power. I don't think you know the meaning. Back the president.
Senator, how about leading fight 2 straighten out power in US? Fight 4 indepen pros. on Russian treason!
"TREASON"? this is a big word and no basis or real evidence beside what MSM echoed.
WHY??? US power is not Brussels business.
Globalism more important than Jobs 4 Americans - Always on Wrong Side, Want War W/Russia Why?
U do know U R not Our Pres don't U? After what U did against Trump U never will B  WE Not 4get UR actions
Please defend our democracy & fight for US > party.He is consolidating power to fight this & we need patriotic senators asap!
all Republicans need to stop fighting against The President. Y'all don't care about the people.
Liar.  Your are discussing how to take away our country and give it to the globalists. You are a sociopath
hey singing bird,  don't forget to check with the Russians first, they ultimately decide what happens in US
Hey, Brussels, this man is a LIAR and a TRAITOR. He's conning you. He has secret links with Putin and Russia.
the US is going to put you in prison where you belong McCain.
I'm discussed that I voted for you again and you have no option on the Health Care Act
#IndependentInvestigation
Please come forward and make clear the US Government has been compromised. Russia in WH
Thanks for nothing! Power without freedom is hollow! You voted to sell my privacy to corporations!
INVESTIGATE trump "CABINET" for COLLUSION/GRAFT/TREASON
#trumprussia
#RESISTANCE 
That's nice. WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION RE RUSSIA. ASAP.
challenge trump in 2020
can you save our demicracy?  Get Trump out, give Ryan a conme to Jesus meeting. Lord help us if we have national emergency
Cry wolf enough and no one listens. Pick real issues to whine about snowflakes.
Impeach Trump or the future of US power is Russian power.
@SpeakerRyan a lot of republicans will be voted out if they don't defend the country instead of party!
Nope.  They are defending the country
John McCain join the democrats.  you always sound like them
That's just the thing. He says what the public wants to hear, but his actions all favor Trump.
make this urgent top priority
I think you need to discuss the future of US democracy.
Sir, please help us remove and investigate @DevinNunes. He is obstructing Russian investigation. We need an #independentcommission. Help! XO
Does US power really matter if No. Korean SWIFT hackers hack any unregulated HFT platform?
we. I can not trust Nunes.  Independent investigation of #trumprussia ties!
wind and solar! No to oil and coal!
manly man you are!
will you bee leaking anything today?
Acknowledged,Sen. John McCain
Stay on Trump like white on rice. He in #russianhacking up to his comb-over.
Hopefully in the end it includes you resigning
#with all due respect retire to your estate in Sedona. That $15 million taxpyer paid!
we don't care
how about discussing @DevinNunes selling US to #czartrump demand open hearings! Demand it! #4luvofgod
what or who gives you the right to discuss anything.  Never trumper and swamp leader
You need to be talking about the future of our democracy under this idiocy.  I've never been so worried.
Gee! Another PC drama queen fretting about a democracy that finally righted itself and shook off 8 years of Obama tyranny!
RUSSIA !!!THEY CANCELED THE HEARING? DO YOUR JOB
we have no power without trust. We have no trust without #IndependentInvestigation of #Trumprussia !!!!
MCCAIN IS AS BAD FOR U.S AS LIBERALS ARE, MCCAIN SHOULD BE VOTED OUT FOR GOING AGAINST TRUMP
Speak up, no cover up !
Do you get a stipend for your Secretary of State duties?
lol
Thank You!  We need to do something about Comrade Trump before he is awarded the "Order of Lenin".
No one cares!
won't have to worry if you let Trump stay in office- we will all be dead
