Only took six hours for you to prove yourself a liar.
Well, I feel like a little bit of an asshole right now.
Only took six hours for you to prove yourself a liar.
You're still right
Watch: he flips in the next 15 minutes and I have to take back the takeback. 

This fucking country.
That's why i'm not really excited, just pensive and annoyed.
Yeah. And we know they are going to keep trying with this shit.
Amazing doublespeak
His sad legacy is sealed
How many Presidential candidates don't give up after losing support & the money that goes with it? He just kept traveling & taking.
He had to. You have to spend donated campaign  $ once you drop out of the race. It's the law
He'd spent it. He didn't drop out. He was the nominee.
Tomato,Tomahto.

Then, why are you doing this? You speak like a patriot and vote a coward. I'm beyond disappointed.
McCain also talks conservative then votes along with liberals@
I think that's called bipartisan. I hope democrats and Republicans practice it when it's in the best interest of Americans.
I'm a Veteran. You just stabbed us in the back! You can't die soon enough! You have no HONOR. #NotMyPresident #nomysenator #fuckMCCain
Not to mention McCain funds and arms terrorists in the Middle-East. He's a disgusting human being that doesn't deserve to called a
McCain saved us from Trumpcare!
He gets universal health care and forces the poor and working class health insurance. What's your point?
You shouldve done the right thing and voted no but u gave into political pressure not constituent pressure!Uhave aligned with Mein Fuhrer!
Voting for this to get on the floor was a horrible move.
Your speech falls on deaf ears with your yes vote! You're a spineless Senator! Trump, who's your bully, told you how to vote
What an absolute sham on a person. 
Shame. Shame. Shame.
You could have stopped this right now. Why didn't you? Time is running out to make it right. Please Senator, stand with the people.
That is a lame ass cop-out.  You of all people could have been a hero and said NO but you now are scaring 22mm people.. SHAME ON YOU!!!
Callow yes-man. Removed barriers & increased chances of harming millions of Americans. What was your service for, jst to throw away lk this?
cop out
So gutless yet so predictable ! #theonmccain
Strong words, Senator. I can't help but wonder if you're strong enough to match them.
You're a useless old fool
Did the brain tumor grow today and make it even more difficult for you to be in touch with the American people!
There is no honor in your vote today; no compassion for your fellow citizens; you put party above Americans. I expected better from you.
Despicable work today. You're complicit.

Good day for Putin and Trump though.
Happy that you have tax payer supported healthcare as you battle cancer, wish u best,  wish that R's extended the same support to others
One Vet one American Thanks for selling us out Senator. I was wrong to think so highly of you all these years......
You are a Trump Republican first and an American Patriot last. Did you forget who you are?
I want a refund on your salary AND WHAT I PAY FOR YOUR DAMN HEALTHCARE!
You made the decisive vote to keep this bill on the table. This moral 'high ground' expressed in this tweet is sickening. Hypocrite
thank you sir for thr clarification on your vote today. God bless u sir please take care of yourself. we all need your voice right now in WH
I'm sure you're "very concerned" I don't believe the things you say. You could've forced bipartisanship today, but you chose otherwise.
With respect from Vietnam for Sir, McCain
We watch what you do. Not what you say. #saveACA
Just so you know, we don't sleep at night because we worry about healthcare. This motion makes it harder and worse.
You are a fiscal conservative. Fiscal conservatives trust the CBO's analysis and vote accordingly.
You could have put an end to this and just voted no. Words, no action. Why go to the next step?
U r a traitor&if u don't start voting how ur Ppl put u in u will answer for it.U sold ur soul for money&power.Karma is what ur dealt with
By "springing" it on skeptical members. How inclusive. #traitor #bloodonyourhands #disgusting
You had one chance to do the right thing... vote NO... and you blew it. You blew it BIG time. Shame on you.
You are (by your vote today) an enabler to the dysfunction in the Senate! A rousing speech does not absolve you. #cnn #msnbc  #FOXNewsWorld
Thank-you  Sen. John McCain, for a inspirational speech today.  LEADING other Senators to serve with humble servitude for this great nation.
Words mean nothing when his actions show the truth.
I wish I believe you, but you have not behaved like an honorable man.
Millions of Americans prayed for your health and now you will vote that these Americans suffer and die? Cowardly & wrong.
You've paved the way for muscling, deceit and backdoor dealings that will hurt the people that trusted you. This Senate is broken. #SaveACA!
Instead of panicking let's keep calling and insisting on our voices being heard for the UO or down votes on Repeal and replace.
10/ but they want to use the loopholes to avoid providing insurance to employees that need it. Walmart was a good company in the past.
Very very disappointed in you Mr. McCain. Has everyone lost their mind including you.  This is such a meanspirited bill.  Wow!
Thank you Senator. @SenJohnMcCain @suziferg0806
Say you will vote to repeal and when the time comes you stab us in the back.
LIAR!!!!! You just voted YES a few hours ago! Hypocrite! I'm aghast at your nerve. We soften up bc of your health, we believe your lies! /1
Since you vote to cut our healthcare, can we have the same option not to fund your cancer Tx? Oh, no? Time to retire early. /2
My way or the Hiway
dont be bitter help the people
You people had years to work on this. You are all a disgrace. Should have left well enough alone to start with.
Since you failed to End Our Obamacare Nightmare we will contribute & to end yours & the 6 (R)traitors Senate Terms Fuming
It won’t be electoral politics taking McCain out of the game.  It’s unfortunate that the cancer affected his brain and he forgot how to vote
I owe you an apology. You were true to your word on this.
Thank you being open minded and NOT being bullied into a bill that hurts the nation's best interest THANK YOU!!!
Hero to Zero.
Back to hero. Thanks you
, I know when they have the right bill you will keep your promise and get rid of act but first get healthy prayers
Heres a man earning respect @SenJohnMcCain
You of all people should know the value of quality healthcare.
You have spent 44 years crafting an image of an American hero, and the past 4 days pissing it all away.
So you vote against the President and the people of this country who voted for you

Given your speech, how can you vote YEA on any version it becomes in a couple of days? They are all reprehensible.
Thank you Senator McCain for voting no early Friday morning.
leave 22 million more people uninsured, by CBO’s reckoning. McCain voted aye. go back home, john.
Sir Paul......... 
every citizens right to healthcare. But then I realized he wasn't  denied. He received his healthcare. He has no idea what it's like if they
The American people don't trust you anymore...
Shame on you, Senator. Not much of a maverick after all. Nice speech, though.
You allowed the farce to go on instead of forcing what you say you wanted. Be ashamed. You sold out.
You had a chance to save 20-30 million people today. Few people have ever had that chance in the history of humanity. You failed them and us
How easily you crumble....
Ummmmm....Never mind...
But you did... six hours later. 

How would you like to be remembered? Think about that. Still time.
#Keating5
I'm rooting for your health, but you let me down today. Must be nice to have affordable health care...
It's about action, not words. You were complicit with your yes vote. Shame on you. #TrumpcareKills
You never seem miss an opportunity to disappoint me. I am sorry for your ill health. I am even more sorry for your lack of empathy.
You lied.
Democrats did hold hearings on ACA.
You lied about how you would vote.
Liar
@SenJohnMcCain You can call your excuse any way you want,  but we all know you're a #despicable coward.  #mavwick #hypocrite #confounding
How could you even entertain this disgusting legislation? Hypocrite.
THEN YOU. COULD. HAVE STOPPED IT.
If u don't support current bill why vote on motion to proceed
PSA: Heroes do not vote to take healthcare away from those who pay for heroes healthcare.
God Speed to recovery Sen McCain. Am born and raised in AZ. 
1 thing though, IMPEACH TRUMP HE IS a DISGRACE TO USA..
The ACA is not inherently flawed. Don't repeal. Don't replace.  Fix it. #SaveACA
You had a chance to create a historic legacy @SenJohnMcCain and instead you rolled over. That's what we'll all remember. #hypocrite
Yeah, except you did. Talking out of both side of your mouth is not an attractive quality in a person, McCain.
Extremely disappointed in you senator McCain....
Then why did you vote to open the debate? If the bill isn't good, you could have helped kill it. Instead, you've helped open the doors.
Very disappointed that you support GOP culture of cruelty while you have the best medical care at your disposal. Others are not so lucky.
But you set us up for repeal/replace! You talk the talk then betray us. You say work together but destroy that possibility. How could you?
You lied.
This war has to stop. Your a republican but can you ethically and morally back this current president?     Tm
How hypocritical! You should have voted NO!
3. Get well soon Senator, but just know, that because you've allowed this bill onto the floor, less fortunate people may pay the price.
This is your circus and these are your monkeys, so get your shit together, you sometimes patriot.
You've voted for over 90% of Trump policies and cabinet picks so...color this AZ native skeptical.
You should have voted no at the start. You know how bad everything about this is. And you had the power to help stop it.
What happened, Sir?!
Your party's only consistent idea on healthcare is to cut access for as many poor people as possible.  It's despicable. Just stop.
Shame on you.  You liked to American people on repeal.  You have been undercutting the party consistently.  I wish you would retire.
What a shame that at this point in your stellar career you get slapped into line by Trumpski. So disappointed in you. Go home and rest.
Actions speak louder than words. If you truly wanted a move to bipartisanship, you wouldn't have condoned this mess with a yes vote.
Words
You shouldn't have voted for it today. You have lost the faith and the support of people who were behind you. You're getting FREE HEalTHCARE
Paid for by US taxpayers.  People like me who have worked and paid taxes their whole life. Yet now you support threatening my healthcare!
You did!

you an hypocrite, talking at both sides of your mouth for convenience and always voting not for values but for who pays you the most
When is the U.S going to bring in a universal health care system like most responsible countries?
4 hours later, you vote FOR the bill as it was. Fucking liar
is a selfish, selfish man now.  Either that or a sellout and it kills me because I had so much respect for him in past
except you are a liar because you *did* vote for the bill in spite of saying you wouldn't  -- either you are dishonorable or confused.
You talk the high road and vote the low road. You may not have many more chances to get this right
YOU DID VOTE YES, SO YOU LIED TO US
You have let down the people of this country.  You are no hero. Shame on you.  I PAY FOR YOUR HEALTH CARE. #ShameOnMcCain #SaveACA
You, who just received the best healthcare available, now wants to keep healthcare from Americans who matter.  U lost all sense of decency.
wait but you voted for it as it was today lol
You would figure a senator recently stricken with brain cancer would be  sympathetic towards the American people and vote to protect
Thank you for your integrity. I know that you will consider all options, including those put forward by your Democratic colleagues.
Like any of us believe that 
While I thank you for your service, you have become an empty suit as a Senator. U speak a great game, then vote to take HC from millions
So you say, coward
I am an #activist.
that cancer needs to be more http://aggressive.you  had a chance to do it right,instead you delivered a bs speech to feel better.
I'm very disappointed @senjohnmccain. We're paying for your healthcare and you're trying to take it away from so many. Smh #gobama #misshim
Honestly, McCain needs to focus on spending time with his family. Cancer is a sobering realization of how short life is. 
Family > Politics.
FOR A SENATOR TO VOTE YES ON THIS LEGISLATION..IN ANY FORM IS A TRAVESTY..JUST REMEMBER YOU WORK FOR THE PEOPLE..AND THATS MORE IMPORTANT
Senator Please, we need everything in the ACA. If healthy ppl don't enroll, if Medicaid is lost, we will all lose
.
https://twitter.com/kronwalled55/status/890019089351155713 …
Vote NO
If you had the same plan as the bill, you would vote it down!
McCain always votes to proceed to debate, but in this case there wasn't really enough to justify moving forward. He should have voted no.
Could you propose replacement of current GOP #healthcare bill being offered with medical plan you currently have along with private airfare?
Please vote for us to get as good of healthcare as you do!
Sen. McCain, never have I questioned your bravery, your commitment, your decency.  But today, sir, I can say you are NOT the man I thought.
Thank you, Sen. McCain.  Ultimately, your decency won out, for that I am grateful.
No one believes you'll so anything but rubber stamp what's put in front of you.
Meanwhile you're getting treatment on the taxpayer's dime .... how hypocritical
What if this was a test from God to determine whether your are worthy to live? Just something to think about.
And then you voted for it. You're a liar and a sniveling toady.

Yet you did.
Many people voted for democrats to represent them in DC. When your party shuts them out your denying the people representation. Tyranny.
Shame on you.
I wished you would have repealed with a yes vote
But we know you will vote for the bill. Because that's what you always do.
You could have backed up your "strong words" with a no vote. I wrongly believed you would do the right thing for America.
I'm holding you & your Honor to that There seems to be little left in DC. Integrity has been bought and paid for by the Greedy GOP God bless
When TedKennedy was dying of cancer, he dragged himself to the Senate floor to be sure others had healthcare. A tale of two Senators.
and then you voted - yes.  You are lair sir!  You are no hero - just a killer - have he decency to look those you kill in the eyes!
You may be blocked by tricksters #trumpputin. Seize any opportunity you have to save our country.
@SHSanders45 Reading Dylan's letter was an act of desperation right out of a @StephenKing novel. 
Didn't you just vote for this Bill? No offense, but people with brain cancer shouldn't be making decisions that affect millions. Retire!
But you'll eventually cave and vote for one version of the vile Trumpcare bill because that's what you do. Wonder what your bribe level is.
Let's see you prove your words are true.
And yet you did

That didn't last long John
I would hope not. Seems pretty unfair to do that to those who are more ill than you and depend on the healthcare coverage. Sure u understand
But you did vote for the bill. You negate the wonderful speech you gave from floor. #kittenofthesenate
The hashtag is a joke. Still think your great
IOW, you know the policy is wrong, but you voted YES because you value your PARTY more than your PRINCIPLES.  Shame!
We need you Senator McCain.. Go get some rest.. you did the right thing for the American people tonight.
So you're coming to D.C. to deny 30MM People the same healthcare you need now. Seriously?  That's your legacy Maverick?
Then WHY on God's green earth did you vote FOR it??????
You should really be ashamed of yourself
And you gave a heartfelt speech about how BCRA wouldn't & shouldnt pass and then you promptly Voted FOR it.  McCain has lost all Honor.
Senator McCain please walk the walk and stand up to this corrupt pres. administration. America is looking for your leadership.
And then you voted for it?
You know this plan is dog shit, you know there's no replacement yet you still stood up there to give a speech. How's your healthcare btw? 
you voted your conscience and now you have to accept your decision. It is what adults do. Please don't play both sides. You voted yes. Fini
Nominating Sarah Palin was a betrayal of your country. Didn't think you would do worse in your lifetime. Don't vote for Americans to die!
@SenJohnMcCain you spoke today wanting transparent, deliberative process & regular order, and yet you just voted to break the rules on BCRA?
You could have had a great legacy but you chose to betray the people who needed you the most. For what?  U can't take your $120mm with you.
I'm sorry to say Sir... you can't have it both ways. A great many people believed in you today and you let them down. You let America down.
