As usual! John McCain lying and leaking to the press! Arizona's gangster politician hard at NOT WORKING!
You old Republicans are out of touch and are ruining this partys future. If you cared about this country then you'd step down.
Top issues facing #Arizona are that you stole donations from your constituency via Obamacare repeal lie and are sabotaging US democracy
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for securing your legacy as a hero of democracy. Legislation takes real work with bipartisan cooperation. #hero 
Bro are you serious ? This man is a traitor .
This man is a war hero, "bro". 

Wtf have you done for our country to have the balls to call him a "traitor"? 

How dare you display . 
Are you serious ? A war hero ???? you're so brain washed. Do your research. He is controlled by globalist  are you aware of this fact?
I'll help you:

Pilot, shot down. 5 1/2 years as a POW, tortured & did not betray his country. 

Just saved healthcare for 22M people.
#hero
Shameful vengeful little man.  And total bull shitter.  That's your legacy.  Ask Military Press.
By any means necessary. Thank you John McCain.
A BurgerFlipper wh oConsistently UndercooksBurgers is aThreat toPublicSafety andNeeds tobeFired.POTUSis aTangibleThreat to thisNationFireHim
Sessions Trying to Protect Country From Leaks? Americans Need to know Exactly How Grossly Mismanaged we are by an Inept Self Serving POTUS
You've gone too far. Only the Democrats can trust you now.
Actually I think Americans can generally trust him to do what he thinks is right, your partisanship shows you to be interested in dogma only
And, he wasn't elected to make decisions for you/ us. He was sent there to follow our wishes. He works for us as our representative.
Getting rid of ACA will do nothing but hurt Trump's folks.  I know, since my mom relies on it to live, and voted for Trump.  You were conned

Is being represented by a man with brain cancer one of them?
Cruel troll or BOT?
Russian bot, obviously. Vlad stuffed a check in my USB port just this morning.
KhY whatever motivates, systematically sniping from the sidelines... 
The tool may be wrong... Nonetheless...
While outspoken, the 'person' does not want to be identified...
More on this persons (?) website
As an AZ voter, your anti President Trump mission has completely turned me off.  You stopped listening to us a long time ago.
A dem following u. I have always respected and admired you TY for voting for country not party. My r with u. Need you now more than ever.
Lib bots are controlling .@SenJohnMcCain tweet. They like him. Ha!
Thank you senator for not just going along. Congress is not a slave to Trump. Fix ACA...its more popular that the president
.@toyainATL is a lib bot
What u tell them how to lie and screw Arizonans because are an LYING EGO MANIAC TRAITOR
How did you like talking to these guys? A fool gets made a fool of https://youtu.be/snDpp9DxcEE  #Ukraine @Stranahan  #LeeStranahan #DOJ
You are a liar.
Like healthcare..please 
Please step down and care for yourself. We don't want you in the Republican party
Yup the geniuses gathered around @SenJohnMcCain look really interested looks like you're writing lots of notes
Great are the traitors of the USA and AZ loves traitors
McCain you traitor God knows your heart he will have his justice with you no evil deeds go in punished if I was your daughter I would be 
Single biggest issue is getting rid of you from Congress. Liar campaigned on repeal replace last year. Nothing but a opertunistic fake
You are one of the biggest issues facing the nation.
you don't give a crap about Az. Your goal is revenge on Trump. Unfortunately your corrupt big money donors insure your power continues.
The biggest issue is leadership, and the lack thereof.
@realDonaldTrump Sure beats a Trump cabinet meeting aka kiss Trump's ass time.
Liar @SenJohnMcCain still trying to save his legacy after his Healthcare treachery.
Pre-approved questions.  TRAITOR!!!
Were both AZ senators on the agenda?
Our top issue in Az is getting rid of you.  #retire
Traitor , pardon was give to you by Nixon you have no right to say anything any more . You said it all with your vote on health care
Disgrace!
Your right just talk
You are cursed. @azcentral
Perfect. Talking to a democratic owned fake news media. Wonder what kind of bs is coming out now..
I have been suspecting all along with JM's behavior (not worried), that this is a ruse...soon, they say, 'it's a miracle, he's healed!'

Was Uranium Mines in N AZ brought up? Anything about the Navajo REZ or any other REZ? Clean water up North?
Like how u screwed & lied 2 the people of Arizona & America on repealing #Ocrapacare Comrade McCain or how were all paying xtra 4 ur Insur
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Like sabotaging the GOP on healthcare!
....Did they ask why you r funding terrorists in Syria. Did you tell them that you are funding terrorists in Syria
top issues in AZ is that your a lyer and Corupt.
No one cares (602) 952-2410 call this office to complain about this looser
I hear THEIR OBAMACARE IS going WAY UP after YOU BETRAYED THEM...AGAIN!
Item number 1, two defective state Senators.
First time to support a Democratic, wow how smart smart are those board members, colluding at its best
Courting the media again huh Senator McCain? You're supposed to be a voice for your constituents, not your own political ambitions.
Progressives stroking other Progressives not are never Trumpers, I cancelled Repulsive years ago a few stopped referencein Az central sad
Your topissueshould be repealing obamacare like you cried for during obama. Were you just barking?
He can't make them vote yes it's not a dictatorship
He voted againstthe repeal himself. He is working for democrats.
Those media folks certainly love you Senator McCain, but you should be talking to AZ voters about what's important to them. #Dem&MediaHero
You are no Republican McCain. I thought you were going away? GO
Did you talk about YOUR war?
How you kept the Americans saddled with Obamacare, that you don't use?  Let me guess, you don't use it because its so good and affordable?
If you cared about this nation you would have voted YES to appeal ACA. You didn't because you take $$ and orders from a man that hates USA
Did they bring up the subject that you let all republicans down
Sen McCain...part of what divides Americans these days, boils down to not talking to each other!  Way to set the example!
The top issues facing AZ is the sham the people are facing after electing a War Monger. Your part on the SWAMP john we've had enough.
How mad are they you couldn't secure those Medicaid millions for all of you to line your pockets?
Bet you're wishing you'd spent more time in AZ with the people you represent. Tell your colleagues in DC.
The democratic is who he represents!
Your recent vote reflected your words & showed courage.  Even more, it demonstrated compassion & millions of Americans understand this.  TY.
How about how the Pheonix State Veterans home & how some veterans getting poor care???
He is just a senator, with NO compassion for Arizonal VA unless it's a photo shoot to raise money for reelection, sad little man
Didja show them your Syrian passport stamp?
You talked retirement? You have no clue about anything else. That is why you were rejected for President...twice...
You're a top issue facing Arizona and the nation. Your friends and family should convince you it's time to bow out instead of being removed
He's a person with a conscience. He'll do the right thing in the end, because he knows time is not in his favor.
You mean the way the Senate almost screwed them by trying to pass a shity bill?
You will break your promises to them as well. You lack integrity
I thought he was taking a medical leave? instead he's on a press tour on our tax dollars. unreal!
You should be resting!
