


I think Obama wants transgenders welcomed everywhere, because he may B1 or he may want to become one himself? Or is Michelle already? Hmm?
Seriously - I have always said Michelle is a man in drag .  That explains the Obama's support of transgender.
The healthcare fight is not over Senator.  Quit being bitter about @realDonaldTrump comment  towards you.  #MAGA
It's something called country over party, something Trump supporters would know nothing about!
You mean party over country concerning the Dems.  What could possibly be on Jar Jar Binks (Debbie) labtop!?
WH officials say McCain is the one who leaked world leader calls. Wouldn't be the first time he betrayed country
Great, that makes him even more of a hero in my book!
I have no doubt it does
You don't like Bill Still? A journalist who used to report on the White House? You like to read an article instead?
You suck you Political pony The government can't fix the problem because the government is the problem You're the problem Term limits 4goons
I respect you tremendously. But really ACA has hurt me (and my kids). Please retire. Take care of u & family. Please. I'm a USAF widow
Where do we get rare earth metals for the catapult? China!
Did you ever consider Secretary of defense, or Navy?  You're more important where you are, just asking...
Spoken like a real #traitor #coward
you would wet your pants for another wet start huh
Did anyone ask what seawater does to rare earth metals? It eats them up!
And without steam!  Take that!
you are the poster child for term limits, with all due respect, sir.
I think you and other Trumpers should be the first drafted when Triump starts WWIII or another Civil War.. perfect way to show your love
Trump supporters would have to be the ones to stand up and fight...you liberals will be hiding in your safe places with coloring books..
Trump new low in Rasmussen right wing approval poll
WOW! The haters on this thread are pretty lame...can't even come up with something new. Just the same tired shit over and over.
Yet again another area that you and the Great Pumpkin  disagree. One has knowledge and is a war hero, the other is inept and is a Loser!
Yeah, he's a loser. He lost. He always loses. A loser. Mmmhhmmm. #MAGA
So you side that Trump is in fact a loser?
Stop this,   get on track and repeal Obama's mess.
You talked against these new systems in 2016, and try to take credit for them now. Brilliant.
Absolutely beautiful!  Prayers for a long and safe life of peacekeeping and war making when necessary for the Ford and all who serve her!!
TRAITOR
Congratulation to CVN 78 & its Crew. Having served on CVA 64 it indescribable to see and feel flight ops & the power of an aircraft carrier.
Yes, NEW , like NEW ideas! Time for u to retire!!
reason Exit polls WI MI PA didn't match is it was a Russian hack fraud Rump was never elected
"They took turns over three days cracking into 10 examples of voting machines and voter registration systems." https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/891758564565549058 …

You once fought against Obamacare. Where's the fight now? You're no longer representing the desires of the people.
Senator, thank you for having the courage to stand up to the party and say no to a bill that would have thrown millions off of healthcare


Sir: Thank you! Hope all is going as well as it can be! 
http://www.usanewsflash.com/mccain-game-changing-phone-call-before-healthcare-vote/# …
Senator, I read an a article regarding the proposed cuts to IU, which impacts older vets unable to work. Who is fighting for them?
Legacy Traitors
We don't want you to visit the USS GERALD R FORD, we are concerned about the possibility of severe fire and heavy loss of human life.
You are a #LIAR.
Shut up McCain. Nobody can believe anything you say now. You know that right?
Need boats to help fight your war with Russia huh.
21000000000 debt! What's another boat right.
Think @USNavy will let you take a shot off?   Could be fun.
Your dad would be so upset with you!
go away John McCain. You should be ashamed of your self selling your soul to the Evil Democrats..

https://www.facebook.com/pretty.ricky.75/videos/1236212926490802/ …
HOWA ABOUT HIS CARRIER THAT BLEW UP>>WHERE YOU THERE JOHNNY
We will vote u out!   We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  How much of the Medicaid extension does your state benefit?
The USS Gerald Ford - A $13 Billion Boondoggle?
Aren't you swimming in Mexico s shit yet ?
Shut up McCain...you are s traitor and your words mean nothing.  Go away!
Explain how it is OK to spend 13 billion dollars on a carrier instead of health care for citizens.
History called... it says you're a liar
Here's McCain's fraudulent campaign ad from 2016 that claims "John McCain is leading the fight to stop Obamacare." What a liar — resign now! 
No one really wants to hear from you. You screwed us over and you are a liar. Please Shit up your words are meaningless.
So sorry for your loss The Donald. Sadly many more have almost the same story but with different ailments.
Seems at least one person tweets about this serious issue from Washington unlike Trump who does everything else
It's ok bc midterms Republicans will Lose house and senate numbers! Failed HC  @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump
Trying to change the subject isn't going to work. Traitor. You'll get yours in the end.
So you got the call from Joe Biden to vote no on Health Care?  Still being a coward to the end
Retire now McCain! You are nothing but a war-mongering globalist stooge!
Ur a traitor to all American ppl who hate this fkd up Obamacare! You and All Republicans we re elected to fix healthcare? Bunch of liars!!!!
Thank you for your service and your No.
Lyin'McCain is a traitor to USA.
RINO...
He is a national disgrace.
Catapult McCain... use the new carrier. Put him in a chair with flag of. Venezuela attached.
Thank you John McCain! I can never express how much you have saved me and many Here's sample here a charts from just prior to ACA. HealthyNY
You are a shame to @GOP thanks to you Obamacare stills alive ! Traitor !!!!!
You're still a traitor
Go away little bitter man - a traitor to ur men in Vietnam a traitor to America
Are u on obamacare
Stop trying to change the subject off of repeal and replace liar!
Shut yer trap McCaca. <- remember that? Yeah we haven't forgot.
Good work Senator, now what's next? I have soo many ideas.
John I respect you but how much longer is the Republican going to stand up to Trump hard to believe we have cowards running our country
I will not vote for you!  You are a Democrat!
We are no longer interested on anything you have to say. Traitor


Thank you again for voting your conscience
US Navy, I happy they have not forgotten honor, like some of there kind has.
No amount of money can fix our Military. No personnel, planes, parts, ships. The GOP allowed the sequestration & transformation under Obama
Congratulations on your FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PROMISE. YOU PUT ON A GOOD SHOW JOHN
Go Navy!

Songbird McCain I really don't care.
.@SenJohnMcCain
Hard to trust anything you say. Do you realize there are people out there struggling to pay for life sustaining insulin? You suck!!!
congrats on blowing up the Forrestal .@SenJohnMcCain
RESIGN #MAGA
McCain has only talked issues.  With specifics. Ad hominem attacks make for a poor case for building a consensus. Or to be influential.
Running for any high office is a dance with the devil.  Regardless of party.  Special interests co-opt candidates in party's machinery 1st.
Why don't u stop.. u can never have the opportunity u had. U hurt America. Just go quietly. Away....
I wish you would retire now so a new Senator can be named to replace you soon. You could concentrate on your treatment and family.
Three years late ....2-3 billion over budget. Excited about a launch and recovery of a plane on a aircraft carrier? WTF
I thought you resigned last week. My mistake.
Sorry about your coma. Last week Senator McCain, 80, kicked a bunch of pussies' asses. He's a hero twice over now! You missed it!
...will they use it to unconstituionally invade Syria or will you continue paying terrorists through backdoor?
Go to bed old man.
Thank you, @RandPaul!
THANK YOU SENATOR RAND! BLOCKED McCain From Voting On His NDAA Bill Before Leaving for AZ! http://waynedupree.com/john-mccain-angry-rand-paul-blocked-his-ndaa-as-he-left-town-for-cancer-treatments/ … via @WayneDupreeShow

Could use some help up in N AZ. When your done messing up everything else, everywhere else.
you only care about john McCain you slimey butt hurt Benedict Arnold.  with leaders lijeyou,who needs enemys
Too little too late. Don't butter up military after making a special effort to go against your party and USA. You just wanted to hear self.
Can you tell Senator Graham to stop trying to ram through another healthcare bill without bi-partisan cooperation?
I am sure you are very proud. I am a Democrat but I think you are a hero & a true American.
So disappointed in you!! Shameful
Get well soon, Senator!
Benedict Arnold McCain its time to retire
https://www.hermancain.com/john-mccain-venomous-hypocrite-and-liar-dooms …

Glad your up and around. Thanks for your vote the other day. Thousand of Vet's were protected.
Dear senator I hope you are well, really i do, but what's up with your vote? I guess your ok since you have good health care?
Congratulations now make it work.
The ship not the Senator. McCain is my hero saves kids healthcare. By not voting just so we can say we did SOMETHING. My party sucks!
Thank you for sharing this Sen.McCain and @USNavy . GOD BLESS YOU ALL.
Thanks for the best wishes, Senator.
 (and back at ya, BTW) - Few would know, better than you. @SenJohnMcCain  Navy #warbird
But everyone knows he FAILED AT KEEPING HIS PROMISE ON OBAMA CARE! EVERYONE KNOWS
Songbird! Retire
Proud of our Navy and impressed by this accomplishment. GO NAVY!
And even more proud of, and impressed by, Senator John McCain. 
Rothschilds? Lol!
Got any theories about reptilians, chemtrails and 9/11 too?
Hope you're doing well? It's time 2 retire and take care of yourself. The stress of DC isn't good for your treatment and recovery.
Go away you ego maniac
Remove Traitor John McCain the Democratic whip

Traitor
Is it running on nuclear power right now? So freaking awesome. Reminds me of that old movie "The Final Countdown" What a feat of modern tech
The Final Countdown was a fun movie, cheesier than Wisconsin, England, & Switzerland combined, but fun.
Traitor to the party. Is it true you colluded with Shumer before your NO Vote?
Thank you again sir for saving our Healthcare.
same healthcare that america voted to end last nov8 2016. MCCAIN vs THE PPL #MCCAIN = TRAITOR
the legislature that voted this down was elected. the guy who signs the bill got 46%. civics.


That is good. 

What is a sin.. Is the Marine Corps' F-35 not being able to handle an arrested landing or catapult launch.

We know why..



Can you do anything with this congress the country is in trouble
Do you miss your flying days?

There is Trumps Bots. Lol
Ignore the haters, Senator. You're a hero, you saved many lives with your vote. Looking forward to you coming back to DC to fix ACA!
I don't know what you smoke but it must make you delusional
why dont you resign do the country a favor
We could care less what you have to say RETIRE & Then EXPIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!You decrepit SOB
Please check out ketogenic diets and cancer with your docs.  They might not bring it up.  Could be helpful.
Just stop talking. No one cares what u have to say. Many have known u were a traitor. Now u have revealed yourself to the rest of the world.
Are you really that ignorant Tracey? Send you hatred for those that voted for the last healthcare bill that would have left many without.
Making America Great Again doesn't entail riding aboard a train wreck but working together as a people and having respect for one another.
Was it a MIG-29?
With the current administration that's a possibility
Time to cut a cake.
Need more UAV's. Fewer "knights in shinning armor".  Rail gun is game changer.  Particularly with BRIC & client states.

The Hell with u and Arizona !

Wishing you easy treatment time and speedy recovery, Sir!  Eat well for strength!
