?????where's the common sense??? Trump is keeping his promises.
Not,.. votes for clinton were illegal immigrants and people that were dead.  Didn't know dead people could  vote. read.  Know the truth!!!

How is this the truth?  All of these groups are violent!  How can you condone any of this.
"Standing against evil such as white nationalism does not give you the right to resort to violence." (Changed supremacy to nationalism? Hmm)
https://twitter.com/jojoh888/status/898368846003937280 …
Mccainedoyou teach yourdaughter on selling out America how much is enough,their is aname for people dothat n it's not hero what's ur price?
Trump has been right all along , and the rest of you are idiots to attack him all the time , Trump is right , he has common sense , u don't
No, John, we're not all responsible. But you are as someone who backed Trump to get a Republican in the White House.
Senator McCain, DO SOMETHING.  Get your colleagues together and end this nightmare.
Your fighting against GOD Himself, this is a spiritual battle going on.
There is only one truth of #Charlottesville! Everyone on both sides was wrong and the world would be better off without them!
will you loudly , forcefully , specifically , CONDEMN THIS HATRED AND VIOLENT BIGOTRY ???
The truth paid protesters!
Here is the truth about @SenJohnMcCain . When is he  going to announce #sanctions on his #neonazi friends in #Ukraine ? #Antisemitism
This is why that happened, to many years of bullying people! & communities!
Truth #9.  Bannon and his White House alt-right gang must go.  Now.
Along with BLM and ANTIFA right?
They don't work at the White House, @Firemedic954S4 .
The only way to put a check on this is for you and two others to switch to independent and caucus with Dems. Otherwise Trump wins again
sick
Why is the left loving on you so much? 
Because he is one of Them
It was a terrifying site to see all these racists armed like soldiers. How have we allowed this to happen? Please stand up to the NRA too.
Very soon you will be glad there is an NRA.
You and your @GOP colleagues need to do something about POTUS. He is disgraceful, not a true leader of us all. Enough is enough
What is POTUS doing to destroy you!?  Stop with your divisive rhetoric!
I am a Democrat but I do agree with a lot of what you have said and stood up for.Stay strong
Senator mccaine when is it enough blocking health reform for America is real low. N u r a hero? To whom? Their is a name 4 people like that
The main truth is GEORGE SOROS BUSED IN PROTESTERS AND PAID THEM TO RIOT!
Antifa and BLM use the same fascist actions of the Nazi Brown Shirts!  The fact you supported their actions tells me what pos you are!
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake Senators: takes "2" to tango, get real, it was black matters grps & white supremacist grps
The blame goes to the Mayor and Chief of Police. Not POTUS! You are a good one to fuel the flames
DT has empowered a racially charged platform from which this sprung: a perfect storm of losers. He was not the only 1. US needs leadership.
BLM and ANTIFA are terrorist groups. Period.
A special place in hell is waiting for people like McCain

Talk of truth? How about your betrayal of your position to repeal/replace Obama care, how you truned on the potus his policies we voted for.
#explainMcCain
Here's the 9th... @SenJohnMcCain pals around with neo Nazis
8 truths are they request Greenspace not in city mayor forced it and police told to stand down both groups are Hate & to blame
#ImpeachTrump
Please help us! The people of Cville are under attack, and president is on the side of the attackers. Help us! #Impeach #Charlottesville
John McTraitor. He hated GWBush, now Trump. He loved and sucked up to Obama and Killary. Thats a traitor to me.
Antifa are nazis.
You Sir ARE part of story/
Ukraine connection-
Sit dwn,take ur meds
4yourfamily&country RETIRE.
Radiation&ChemoCause Memoŕy/dementia
Retire
Cancerous one, no condemnation for ANTIFA and BLM?
Excellent article!  Thanks for sharing, Senator.
http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/52af53516bb3f7a73c43dd69-1190-625/john-mccain-went-to-ukraine-and-stood-on-stage-with-a-man-accused-of-being-an-anti-semitic-neo-nazi.jpg …
You know John, you'd be less of an embarrassment if you refrained from making comments on things over your comprehension. Retirement is good
And George wept....
Hows your Nazi friends?  Instead of critiquing our POTUS who clearly stood against all Violence Sat, you should think of your own misdeeds.
I'm waiting. Denouncing your Svoboda Nazi buddies yet???
Remove Trump now!
It's time for the Senate to #CensureTrump
How long are our leaders going to allow this incompetent President to continue his reign?  Take a stand over Party and Trump.
MUST WATCH McCain Caught Red handed Doing Soros’ Dirty Work With ‘Real Neo Nazis’ #Svoboda Groups in Charlottesville
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SnDpy0nezMM …
Soros isn't in charge. Best gov is part Capitalism-part Socialism... not Communism or Trump's FACISM
Speedy recovery Senator McCain we need you now more then ever. We really need you.
Trump tries to shame and McCain today and insults press again. Buts shames himself instead. This village idiot has to go.
You just wanted to be liked again.  Give me a break I am so glad that you will not be President.
#Charlottesville what about these white supremacists?
https://i1.wp.com/redpilltimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/mccain-oleh1.jpg …
Give me a break John Trump hasn't failed. What is the ALT RIGHT?Give me a break JohnYou voted to repeal Obamacare thanks for nothing John
John..I'm for free speech up to a point..BUT, how are nazis and their ilk legally able to exist in the USA? Seriously, how is it possible?
How is it legal to be a nazi in the US? Just call yourself something else? They are nazis. What about WWII ffs.
Very well written. We do need to get back to golden middle
The Truth is Out About ur involvement with Nazis & CIA ,Obama, Clinton backed coup in Ukraine 2014,
Photos out,involved in Charlottes Riot
Here's one truth about you. Unlike @POTUS, you've actually collaborator with the Nazis in Ukraine.
Bought and paid for by Soros
Must-read: https://www.channel4.com/news/ukraine-mccain-far-right-svoboda-anti-semitic-protests … #Charlottesville #hypocrisy #UkraineDNC #StopTheCoup @POTUSPressPool @PotusPress @Potus @DonaldJTrumpJr
Must-read "Far-right group...meets with US Senator" https://www.channel4.com/news/ukraine-mccain-far-right-svoboda-anti-semitic-protests …  #Svoboda #hypocrisy @POTUSPressPool #DrainTheSwamp @stranahan
Do you suppose Trump had the decency to call the mother of Heather Heyer and offer condolences on the death of her child? #DreamOn
Yeah he did, now Obama I doubt it
McCain is all wrapped up in the Nazi party of Ukraine. #Oleh Tyahnybok
Isn't it time to impeach the man who emboldens these people to cry "HEIL TRUMP"?
The true America hero and the former POW has spoken! The Draft dodger in the White House spoke only when forced to do so. Trump is UNFIT!

@SenJohnMcCain Why haven't you disavowed Svoboda?  @stranahan 
Is it really "vile" to protest cultural Marxism that demands American history be erased? That is the "truth" this article promotes #Sick
Why did John McCain and Hillary Clinton support Neo Nazi's in Ukraine? White Supremacists in Charlotte used Ukraine words Blood and Soil!
Do you know any Ukrainians? Ppl who do would disagree with you. Russian soldiers w/o their uniforms!
When you are being paid to protest and incite violence the nobleness of your cause loses all credibility.
When you are being paid to protest and incite violence the nobleness of your cause loses all credibility. 

This is pathetic. 
Mother of Charlottesville Victim Heather Heyer Responds to President Trump in First Statement
FLASHBACK: After Black Radical Massacred Dallas Officers, Obama Didn't Condemn Black Racism
sud sve da razmotri i da osudi zlocince ovo je sramota jedna za sve.
I hope this insane riot wasn't intentionally instigated by liberals to further divide and conquer.
This one aint so bad or uncommon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Virginia_coal_wars …
You never have denounced groups on the left because, it is not politically expedient for you! Some maverick!
Stupidest article ever written.  What about Antifa? What about BLM? Antifa has seminars on how to build IED's to kill cops!
excellent !
Hope you are better :)
Charlottesville violence would not have happened without Black Panther Wes Bellamy & Antifa:
McCain, no matter how hard you try to get Trump,  out of the WH you will still never be President I wish I never voted for you
Arizona Republic is fake liberal news, cancel your subscriptions now, they support liberal McCain and Flake, cancel now!
McCain and Flake are terrible representatives of conservative values and Arizona people, defeat Flake, Recall McCain now!
McCain criticizes our President because Trumps a much better man and President than McCain could have been! McCain couldnt even beat Obama!
Politics out of CONTROL!!!
McCain has used his POW status to long and hasn't done anything for our Vets, recall now
McCain didn't address F35 being over budget for several years, Trump did what McCain couldn't, recall now!
McCain takes credit for Trump administrations solutions for Afghanistan, what did he do for all the years before Trump, nothing! Recall now!
McCain takes every opportunity to condemn the President, nothing but a common traitor, brain dead, recall now!
As the Senator reads & tweets from his million dollar AZ ranch paid for by our taxes.  Like all DC Royalty - just pandering to headlines
McCain and Flake do not represent the Arizona people, neither one stands up to the media to support our president, kick Flake out of office
Traitor trump's not a leader, he brings greed, hate &war.  billionaires in his cabinet remove regs& Big Oil/Corps get $ to control USA&world
"Political passions have always burned high in this country, but generally on the margins" Forget 60s?
You are a bitter, bitter man. I hope you find peace.

I'm still waiting for @SenJohnMcCain to renounce Svoboda. 
gottem
The truth is you no longer speak for me McCain. I voted Republican and for someone to Support the POTUS. You have not done that.
AGREE!!!!! Thank you.
Hey John McCain. Why did you supports Nazis in the Ukraine?
Give me a break when people show up they don't have a torch and full outfit these are paid mercenaries same as Antifa. WakeUp the show's on!
Of course you would promote an article that bad mouths Pres.Trump and praises Obama. You are a traitor to republicans who put you in office.
Exactly!!!!!
You listen what John McCain says Anne tell me your joking
how about the truth about #Euromaidan ? another coup? does #BloodandSoil  and lit torches ring a bell? Curious minds would like to know.
WE NEED INSURANCE #DoYourJob
Hey
Antifa & BLM terrorist!
ISIS members in the US aren't allowed to gather, protest, chant  and  invoke violence. Neither should these demostic terrorists.
No I trust neither you .@SenJohnMcCain or @azcentral
We get it, you hate Trump. Do you condemn the violence from Antifa?
You gave Obama a pass for 8 years, never miss a chance to hit Trump. Need an amendment to get rid of incapacitated senators.
Truth from who your buddy George Soros,
Who funds these protectors .By the way your ratings r up with the Democratic party,Nice traitor
Where was all of your outrage last summer when cops were being shot for wearing a uniform protecting protestors? POTUS is not responsible.
John McCain, you are a despicable weasel poster child determined to attack trump because he accomplished what you couldn't. Crawl back
If its white people protesting, they are racists, nazis EVIL. Black people, latinos protesting, they are standing up for themselves. Libtard
It seems you have a lot of friends on the left! Why don't you switch to the Dems and really make them all grateful!
Great article Senator, it would be even more helpful if you would get impeachment rolling.  The Nazis in the WH aren't helping America
America the beautiful is being tarnished and diminished and the idiot in the White House is in great measure responsible
The one truth of politics: McCain owned by special interest groups.
well said
Why sir? @stranahan
I wouldn't call that article 8 truths, i would call it half n half. But @SenJohnMcCain  likes to blame @realDonaldTrump for everything.
McCain you suck! You couldn't make President and your establishment LOOSER!
You sharing this article is why I admire you.  Thank you!
"White Nationalism?" Call them what they are: Nazis. And we've all been taught to hate Nazis. When they march with swastikas they are Nazis.
You are backed by Soros. Out to obstruct #45 @ every chance u get. Disgusting!!
When is McCain goin to renounce his endorsement of "Blood & Soil" Svoboda?
McCain with his Soros Ukraine Nazi buddies.  Way to start a civil war in Ukraine
I agree with most of the 8 points. I disagree with turning the other cheek. Our nation has a racist administration with a racist president
We are just a few steps away from losing our freedom as they did in Germany 1939. In 2004 the national firearms survey found that
20% of gun owners owned 65% of the guns. There is film of the white supremacists in Charlottesville marching with rifles armed like an army
I don't intend to turn the other cheek and watch them come to power with trump their leader. Our fathers died on the battlefields of ww2
fighting white supremacists. Nazis than "right extremist terrorists" today.
If Congress refuses to step in to protect "the people" than "the people" in defense of our Country must step in.
when will you disavow this Svoboda Nazi you supported in Ukraine? Shame on you!
Good article; O is as much to blame as anyone for the last 10 years. At least Trump addressed situation. Most Media only stirring dissent.
Your hatred of @realDonaldTrump is bizarre.  Your tumor is showing.
Free speech is free speech.  Hate speech that counters hate speech cannot be held to a higher standard.
.@SenJohnMcCain
Call for impeachment of trump now!  Your voice counts.
What are you doing 2 convince GOP  to oust Bannon & Miller from White House?Editorials have there place, but words must be put into ACTION.
God bless you for hanging in with us. I hope you know many out here r praying for your speedy full recovery sir.
Plagurizing @benshapiro much?
Perfect! But now this problem is not just going away. We must stop these domestic terrorists
Thanks. Most happy to hear Reps like you to condemn such.
He did not he only shared an article. Not giving him credit here. One tweet would have done it.
I'm hoping for "non-partisan." Maybe I'm dreaming, but I keep hoping. As Obama did.
Song bird
You are one sick human http://being.You  and Ukraine,Soros.
"Anger has boiled up in the last 10 years..."  I think not.  It's been much longer than that!
Retire McCain. You're pathetic.
Thanks for your thoughts. We need those cooler headed to prevail. I hope more republicans start standing on the right side of history.



That's pretty sick.

And how is a ralley to protect confederate statue racist?.Thats why they were there.But it dont fit yours and rest of libtards agenda.
You're a hypocrite....


excellent article I couldn't agree more! Will share it forward
speak up to Trump and Bannon and Pence and and and
You are a lying snake John McCain.
And SO is #MSM

My Mom had the same cancer as you. Docs gave her 1 year to live in Oct '13. She was dead Christmas morning '13. Hope yours goes as well!
Your name is ironic Captain Bummer. May u recover from that which afflicts you. It takes a truly unwell mind to spread such sentiments. Sad.
Did you write this for them? If Antifa/BLM/SPLC/paid Soros protestors stayed home it would have just been a silly parade that no one saw.
You should be reading the 8 lies of Obamacare.
Please retire or become a Democrat.
U are a traitor to America. Are you thinking about the innocent people you killed in Vietnam Songbird McCain ?
Compare and contrast: over 300 arrested in Furgeson; 3 in Charlottesville.
If you cant support POTUS, you need to step down!!
