Has there any Republican senator who is so vengeful against his own POTUS! From same party?
You disparage a hero who protects your rights while racist white men attempt to take it. Soros is personal friends of Ivanka/Kushner.
BLM is not a racist org like the kkk or white nationalist, quit trying to draw parallels. Soros was at ivankas 4th of July party @ hamptons.
IMcCain is a hero, truth isn't some off the grid website, and those who believe salacious stories bec of politics won't believe truth (you)
Thank you for being always a stand up gentleman Senator McCain!!  Keep it up we need it!
And despite all of you Never Trumper, MSM & Dem - he is still the POTUS, and guess what, we'll elect him back for another term in 2020!
If Trump's still around in 2020 he'll be obliterated by whomever the Dems run against him.
Sure just like Hillary!!
More lies by the WaPo and Demented McCain.
are antitrumpers.  krauthammer publishing in WAPO rsg telegraphs he is part of swamp
McCain, I hope you are proud of your fan base, based on your comments of your post...  Why don't you just admit that you are a DEM on take.
Honestly, John, you're an embarrassment to our country. Just retire already. Aren't you tired of making yourself look foolish?
I guess now we know why McCain voted no on Healthcare!  Why not come out from closet and declare you are a democrat.
God Bless President Trump and his family. finally after decades we have a President for the people. Like JFK he loves America first
guardrail is going to voted out in 2018 with another tea party wave and jump on it afterwards saying hip hip hooray. We remember obstruction
but the people still love him and all his accomplishments!!! YOU TRAITOR!!!
Yeah -the guy voted for & your party supports
nonsense! Sessions was never in danger the military is developing policy to comply: ad infinity
@washingtonposts Problem is Krauthammer is  Bill Krystol buddy both of w1
McCain you need to throw in the towel and be democrat you are.  Smh.  MAGA
Thanks for the Keating 5 scandal voting to keep horrible Obamacare and giving the world Sarah Palin, legacy intact...

ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
Thank you Senator for directing us to a point-on commentary on the conduct of this total embarrassment  to the Nation, DJT. Get him out now!
Respectfully, these were probing skirmishes in unrelenting attacks on our institutions & facts ex:Fri scary WV rally @GOP #StopYourRadicals
All Americans should be alarmed at how the authorities try to ruin lives (even presidential) with empty accusations.
I hope more conservatives start to wake up and put this country before their party. DJT is a disgrace to the office.
So that was a fake unity speech in Senate & then u turn around to show true colors.  McCain has a personal feud to settle.
If they break once, it will be permanent.  Just get rid of him before something permanent happens.
The generals are with Trump and the I saw the boyscout speech, they were behind Trump. More lies by the Deep State and their puppet McCain.





North Vietnam's best buddy. Pardoned by Nixon.
HERO?
Sesh is both an "unreconstructed racist" who shouldn't be fired by caprice.

Dems fight for rule of law, not person. 

Nice piece, else.
Coming from 1 democrat yo another.
I'm ashamed of you, brownshoe.
Save your time..its just Never Trumper Krauthammer attempting to justify his Deep State roots.  This shit is why Trump won.
Sore loser, it is not the President fault that people saw through you and did not elected...TRAITOR
Excellent resd. Thanks John McCain. Hope you're doing well as you are treated.
Just to see w he will do, shld let him fire Jeff. They made their Bed, pooped in it,they continue 2attempt destructive deeds and will fail
Go home John!
and Sir, you have become bitter and hateful towards the President, as he did something you could not, he became PREISDENT
Sir, why dont you just go all out and switch parties, what health  care plan do you have?? obamacare? what plans do u have to improve it
When are you & Sen. Jeff "Snow" Flake going to retire? You are both a political joke, and hurting the country by your behavior.
Your both never Trumpers and this story is pure bias! McCain must resign & Krauthammer left leaning opinions are not conservative ones!
Just typical bullshit from WP,people don’t believe anything anymore until they hear it directly in person from the source
Too bad u didn't hold your promise to repeal!!!!
So far....
you let the country down - don't hide behind krauthammer article
Voting you out!  We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare.
Well, let's see who's brutal.
I don't see republicans pulling den supporters out of their cars & beating them,no rep w masks rioting SCALIA?
Now can you please put Trump in the naughty corner .. and leave him there? 
Are you guys starting to understand that this guy is a big problem? 
Trump truly Maga   Making America GOLF Again  Trump plays golf on Vacation
Sen. McCain...why are you doing this? Your legacy is being destroyed by your refusal to support our president. #shameful
John you like those cross dressers.   Tax dollars at work. Our homo military.  Laugh at by the Russians.
25th amendment, please!

Traitor
maybe so, but this crash test dummy never should have been let out of the testing lab
Hey traitor mccain, when are you quitting? Save Arizona from the humiliation , do the right thing and quit, nobody wants you.
MUST READ: John McCain Retires...the world celebrates!!!
Traitor!! Go home and stay home!
Rhino
Go away!
Again, you do not miss a chance to demonize our POTUS. What you do not understand is that you are doing more harm to yourself in process
Love this piece. #superintelligent
Glad you are among the guardrails, John. That said, take time to play with Mac.
One word...sad.
Will someone shoot McCain.  @realDonaldTrump
Being part of the elitist group in DC Trump had to be a thumb in your groups eye and your friend George Soros. Trump will prevail, voters!
Thank goodness

But there's a new breaking story that has been fully validated. It's a cracker!
Get out of here.
Traitor!!! Please retire!!!

The @GOP needs to push back a little harder before our constitution gets thrown into the trash
Excellent piece!!
When are you and other leaders gonna get serious about an imminent threat to our country and constitution? I'm terrified.
WH priority has 2b filling out white space in strategy not distractions, infighting or swapping out leaders
Wait, first of all this is really out of context and is opinion. Second if McCain is on it, most everyone is not. McCain you should retire.
So he hopes but no - not convinced. Don't care for his "say so"
So @krauthammer has become one of my favorites on Fox News. Unlike Mara-la-go, it's a small and elite club.  Great article!
Can you back our President and let your resentment go?
Shut up McCain! You failed the American people! We will vite you out! #corruptMcCain #SorosboughtMcCain!
You're a fraud & a disgrace to this great republic.  Whatever to protect your status & elite life on the backs of American taxpayers
@SenJohnMcCain 's got it all goin' on!
Too bad the guardrails didn't stop unqualified and treasonous Trump to ruin hundreds of lives,  make women and children's die in Yemen...
...normalize corruption and racism and nepotism and sell foreign policy to Exxon  weaken  America and embolden Russia...
Retire already dude
Why don't you read articles pertinent to Americans and how we're suffering from your posturing, lies & ego-centric actions
... mccaun We're going to find out whether you are diverting money to the azcentral.
OMG! So much hate for the Pres.
May God bless him as always! You guys such hater...#MAGA Mr. President !
Go away already!
Must read would you be helping your Arizona citizens with their healthcare
You're a two face jealous liar.
Guard rails are not shumers judas. More biblical than intended. McCain =Shumer houseboy
Has anybody ever seen the definition of an old broken down jealous senator in the dictionary McCain takes. That hands down
And that's an insult to The Three Stooges
McCain you still have time to tweet I heard you're starring in the new movie you Collins and murkowski it's called The Three Stooges
Happy to see you share this but we need more of the GOP to stand up and be counted.
I'll pass. Don't fancy reading crazy neocon propaganda, thanks.
You are striking out out of the
Park @SenJohnMcCain, I see you are starting to understand the underpinnings off the #Resistance
Thank you for being part of the guardrail.
Tired of seeing you bash Potus- Tax reform!!  When you bash him, you bash conservative voters- #MAGA
Krauthammer is a journalist -you are a seasoned senator that needs to support Potus's agendas (ours) - pass some bills!!
You really are a little cuckold punk. 
Disgusting read written by antediluvian has been. Some people NEVER (hint) know when to retire. Senility is a good time. #RINO
Maybe for now...




Everybody needs to know and remember John McCain is one of George Soros' puppets. Enemies of the will of the American people & Constitution
What a bias article! Stick it!
Hi Bot!
U r so jealous of Pres. Trump. U can't stand that he won &u lost. Under no circumstance should we pay for any sex change, viagra etc...
Too bad racism, authoritarianism, islamophobia and meanness are inside the guardrails.
The Washington Post doesn;t allow me to read their broadside - unless I pay them or submit to their adverts
You're a fraud, John McCain. That will forever be your legacy.
President @realDonaldTrump VOTE THEM OUT Remix

Watch! Share!…
Amazing how Republicans seek to undermine the Trump administration. It's as if they want Trump to fail.
More appropriate title.. THE SWAMP is trying hold vs morals and doing whats right for the PEOPLE. RINOs Krauthammer & McCain r vs THE PEOPLE
But for how long, sir? Our democracy is under assault from within. The GOP has an obligation to put country over party.

Dangerous/sociopath @realDonaldTrump think presidency is his private family business puppet wants to be dictator as Putin but he'll never be
Must Google USS #Forrestal
Do you remember what happened McCain? I bet you do.
WashingtonPost. Fake News
I agree!  Never a big fan of@krauthammer but made me feel more at ease about separation of powers!
You love the trump bashing don't you John.
You're just butt hurt that you couldn't be President. And A guy like @realDonaldTrump came in and is doing what he said he would do not lie
Donald Trump is our president and doing a great job and John McCain you need to start working with him for the American people not your self
Wake up John !!
John please stop tweeting
William please stop tweeting.
Anyone with common sense can tell this is not normal behavior for a president , I don't care what party you vote for . Good article
Never forget that you guys set the table for this terrible meal.
Thank you, Senator McCain. But we need YOU to continue to step up. Tweets help, but we need you (& fellow Republicans) to take ACTION.
Hope you are doing well sir.
To @krauthammer and other so-called conservative voices of wisdom:
so someone you think is literally UNFIT should nevertheless be allowed to continue in power for another 3.5 years? #MakesNoSense
Related: Lindsey Graham http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 …
You and the dems don't want this POTUS to run this country he is doing agreat job,are you been paid for by Soro Krauthammer is a hater
Above all else, I have faith in our democracy, our constitution.
Great article must read and kept in annals of American history. Long live democracy & freedom.
That's your opinion 
YOU SHOULD RESIGN JOHN MCCAIN, YOU ARE A RINO AND YOUR VOTE TO KEEP ACA IS DESTROYING MANY PEOPLE IN USA..SHAME ON YOU.
Retire john
FUCK NO
TUMPY DUMPY is trying to turn AMERICA into Putinland.
How many hits can a guardrail take before it gives way? #AskingForAFriend
your approval ratings are higher in the democrat party than they are in your own republican party.. something isnt right about that lol
People need to do what is right  and ignore Trumps madness .He realy is a madman
Retire
Never trumper liar and rhino sad betrayor of promises
Why is the President relentlessly ramming into the guardrails of our democracy? That is the behavior of someone whose goal is to break them.
#tic #tic #tic #tic #tic
Focus on your health and not your negativity against Trump.  Still praying for you.
U don't need 2 know 'the lay of the land' in peacetime but Sun Tzu says it's necessary;
that and 'move like water'.
Trump we know
unprepared
McCain is a loony leftist? 
@Annod40 @krauthammer @washingtonpost 
Surprised myself by agreeing with Mr. Krauthammer
Wow, spot on. A systemic stress test, huh? Might need to start following Charles Krauthammer.
Did the generals stage a bloodless coup?Are the generals in control now?
How shameful is it that our institutions must protect us from our President?
Wow sir gloves off and you've found your patriotism.  Thank you. Giving me hope others will follow your leadership. Now ACTIONS MUST FOLLOW!
"Trump is a systemic stress test." Praying we survive stronger than ever. But buckled up for bumpy ride. #AlreadyGreat
you are so consumed with never Trumpitis that you can't see clearly! Watch and learn boys!!
How pathetic this country and the Republican Party were taken by a con man
Yes but the #statedept is gutted &  #freepress under attack


