@WSJopinion John McCain, You should know about colluding with Russia as you are the biggest colluder of all.
NAFTA sucks! I trust the Prez
Be strong for us JOHN!!!!I know your watching this. And I BELIEVE you are a good man and you know this stuff is wrong with your whole heart
If you had any intelligence you would remove race and see that he saved the economy and all our numbers went up with him in office. Ijs
Hahahahahaha hahahahahaha bye boy!
we the people don't want NAFTA, That's why we vote for this President. He promised to clean up our country Liberals need to leave the USA.
ok.
Good read!
the only irresponsible person is you who stayed in DC for thirty years and did nothing.  You have a good health care .
Dying of brain cancer and still attacking the POTUS. Fucking pathetic. Give it a rest McCain staff.
Show your face when you say shit like that, Comrade.
You and your lobbyists can't rock the boat on trade deals. Trump will prevail
You need 2 put #CountryOverParty be a patriot & #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence #FireSessions NOW
Could you be the one to save America from the monster Trump?  The last "John Wayne" hero?
Step 1.
Remove trump.
Step 1 in the negotiations.....   Ignore @SenJohnMcCain, @MeghanMcCain, and the rest of the GOP establishment.  Thank you @POTUS
Send 1 trillion in USD and can assure (((your))) objectives will prevail in Syria. If not you'll  die from aggressive terminal Brain cancer.
I have proven research that can fix the problems in the AHCA and REDUCE CANCER BY ONE THIRD! No one in DC is returning my calls #Frustrated
McCain is a democrat in a republican suit.
Why aren't you denouncing the tRump CrimeFamily? They are breaking the law.
Trump is a "dead POTUS, walking". Now is not the time for US to be renegotiating trade deals. Wait until after the impeachment.
hold your breath
@POTUS can't allow tech lobby to sneak #Section230 into #NAFTA. That would then immunize Backpage in both Canada & Mexico. #Amend230
MCCain I wish you and pray you  get better, I do not like your Liberal Leanings but we want you on our side MAGA!
God bless you Senator McCain.
Economy is at a all time high in case you haven't noticed. Why don't you stick to what you do best & arm Terrorists who cuts kids heads off
Failed!
Trump has no idea about what NAFTA is or how it works. Just heard somebody complain about it on Fox. Maybe Rudy has a personal issue w/it.
Senator as a Brain Cancer Survivor I salute you and wish you success in your battle. Give them Hell John!
F Cancer!
How you doing, sir?
Right now I'd be more concerned about how to negotiate a health care plan without killing millions & destroying economy. #VoteNO #Trumpcare
Hey john , a few nam vets say hi.
Thank you for sharing this.
PLEASE! Don't forget our Armed Forces Vets, they ever need your fighting support. Get Well; remember the   USO  support  our Vets also.
The  McCain Family will ever remain in my thoughts and prayers the same. Cancer is the enemy seek and destroy, your a VICTOR always!!!
Love you John McCain, from my Navy family. Thank you so much for all you've done for us.
Take another shot of morphine John, & keep your thoughts on your health, & family.
You have no shame..the Trumps offered up prayers for you and on your death bed you continue to attack him. You make me sick I voted for you
You need to retire. You're old and sick along with having shown us you lied about being a republican. I'll not forgive for thrown election
TPP 2.0?
Senator McCain, you know Trump doesn't read.
Sir, rest and take care of yourself. I pray for your recovery. We need you. All of your brothers from Vietnam are pulling for you.
#Phoenix tears   Do the reasearch John. It might save you. Good luck!
Too bad Trump can't read, sir.

You're in our thoughts and prayers.
Syrian opposition is Al Qaeda u should stop arming them 

@realDonaldTrump  @SenRichardBlack 
@IntheNow_tweet
https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/888089639940128772 … #MccainHoax #Syriahoax
Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
please Impeach him..  If you aren't sure, think of your grandchildren.  Our democracy is at stake!!
Liberalism is literally a mental illness that can cause poor judgement and believing something is fact with no evidence. "Muh russia"
@SenateGOP @Morning_Joe @WhiteHouse if it is like the CARRIER DEAL WE ARE DOOMED LMAO A SINKING SHIP WORSE THAN THE TITANIC
is it your illness that is making you like this?  please retire and enjoy what you have left-you are 80 years old & very ill-enough already
Yes, sometimes grave diagnoses give people real perspective.
Know!
He doesn't no how to negotiate anything unless it personally helps him. #Conman
Oh and when did we declare War on Russia? I didn't hear a peep from you when Clinton sold us out to them or when we heard Obama on hot mic!
I honestly must say I wish Seator McCain the best for a complete recover however the prospect of getting him out of the Senate is positive
Decla
I'm sorry your sick but even that hasn't changed you Your a Globalist that would sell us out Like the Clintons and Obama Oh and when did we
Umm...IT'S "YOU'RE" NOT "YOUR".
Why are you  pushing Jones act that will cost hundreds of thousands American jobs ie Shipbuilders,oil rig builders & crews none in Arizona
Trump is a fraud & con man.  GOP should be ashamed to support and cover for this fraud.
In the twilight of your life Go Home Be Gappy with your Family and let a Real Republican come into office! You have come against Us and the
No I won't read it! How about this first?
I think you should worry about your health...let trump take care of governing!  The Dems love you!
Just STOP JOHN! WE ELECTED TRUMP! Not YOU! HE is keeping HIS promises..unlike YOU & the other RINOS in DC!
That was the first mistake.
The BIGGEST MISTAKE was Husain oblubber! Thank God we have an AMERICAN PATRIOT in the WH Today!
Or is it because you are a RINO I believeYouSir should change Party's you DONot have the interest of the AMERICAN PEOPLE!Your a Dem at heart
Screw you! He does more than most! Name one Senator that has done more!
Thank you Senator. Best wishes. @Michael36776349
Another liberal supporter.
Senator PLEASE get this traitor OUT of the White House!
Hey Frank Fake Avi, How does Putin's Dick taste?
The economy is growing faster then it has in 10 years What's wrong with you dude? Why are you Coming against OUR @POTUS SO HARD? Globalist?
he already handed Asia to China for nothing so let's see what a great deal he gets for Canada and Mexico
