Mr Trump is going to waste our money on investigating a voter conspiracy is ridiculous. Shut him down please
coward
In the end, you will vote to approve every Trump nominee.  All talk.
quit. We are done with you, and your privileged few. Retire, and enjoy your 100 % retirement, and insurance.
We need a constitutional amendment for a no confidence vote. We soon will only have 1 allie Israel

Will any republican stand up to Trump's spending and trade wars or are you all just weak?
Геннадий Викторович Балашов 
 1000 летнему унижению украинцев нищетой прийдет конец ч.з. Систему 5.10. Ты с нами?
you have lost all credibility, Ben Carson, really? Sessions ? Who owns our Government? Not the people for sure. Sell out!
Why did you cave and vote tillerson in? I really thought you had integrity, but not now 
You can't be anything so want to cause trouble for all those who are qualified. You're sick & need to get out. Shut up!!
Republicans accepted Putin/Comey election interfere select Trump US Prez & you chose party power over country. Shame on you!
I though republicans were fiscally responsible? How are you going to cut taxes and build this wall?
Just Say NO
big deal! Why bother you will vote yes no matter what anyway. I am not A Republican or Democrat. You are all brainwashed!
HELP!!! Do something please!! Do not allow this mentally ill person to do whatever he pleases!  Please-country before party
You should be questioning the Traitor in Chief about his taxes, Russian involvement, and his business ties.
Get him in there, we need him now!
@realDonaldTrump Another waste of taxpayer $$. #MAGA
why waste tax payers money for you all. Was starting to like u but no more
that's good but look into press & other means communication for gov. Departments we have a right to transparency
Please work to stop this nightmare of Hitler-esque gagging of our scientists. Is this even legal? Trump is out of control.
Please step down. Perhaps Tillerson can hook you up somewhere.
we are counting on you to be our checks and our balances. You are a courageous man. Please stand up for us against the crazy.
exactly!
Your instincts are off. You offered $50/hr to anyone willing to work the fields. You show to be incredibly naive, unaware.
@tvogvo John time to retire and go home. You are fine example why term limits are needed.
So what?  You'll confirm him anyway.
How about you demand that Betsy DeVos get called back for more questioning. #notqualified
@realDonaldTrump @RepMickMulvaney @GenFlynn @CIA's Scheuer schools Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain on 9/11 motive
Why bother? You've caved on your morals & voted to confirm grossly unqualified cabinet appointees. Disappointed.  #RedKoolAid
Why don't you try substance over grand standing.
Who cares? You'll vote for them anyways.
The GOP got what they wanted on the ACA, now impeach trump.
don't listen to eighty-eights I don't always like what you do I will not pretend to just do what you feel is right
why bother, you voted for Tillerson knowing he want sanctions lifted from Russia to drill oil. He's all about the $ not US.
What's up with EPA? Your duty to protect most beautiful state in US (AZ)! Clean air/water non-negotiable
just quit acting like a Democrat to impress your colleagues!
Fine. Just get him confirmed. Give @POTUS his cabinet!
Why would we bother to watch you after you let this country down by voting for Rex. #shameonyou
another Trump lackey...history will not paint you in a positive light Mr @SenJohnMcCain You did nothing.
You'll be rolling over for Trump and Putin as you did with Tillerson
who are you kidding you'll just roll over and let them pet your stomach so you can get reelected You are a shadow of yourself
sir please don't let them destroy indian land.Stand up and forget either party !I have .We need to become moral again.
why question him?  You will eventually rubber stamp him.  All comes down to toeing the party line.  Disappointed in you.
Why bother? Just approve like all the others. Waste of time. Let trumpy have his way and ruin the country. How proud!
why bother. Your just going to say yes anyways.
ask questions on work still needed to protect @USOPM and #OMB from cyber threats like in 2015!! Secure cyber infrastructure!!
Its time to get these people passed, stop the stalling. This is problem w/Washington, wasting tax ppls time &money. We r fed up w/all of u.
Since you voted for Rex T. you will not vote against anyone. I cannot watch
what are you going to do about the clearly mentally ill man in the White House Senator? We all see it!!
I'd rather saw my own nipples off with a cheese grater and serve them in garlic butter to myself that watch that pizzle.
trump is a threat! He is too dumb to be @POTUS
Please lean in on #SocialSecurity and #Medicare past statements. The fox has been nominated to guard the hen house. #OMBNom
trump was right for calling your sorry butt out
please pull out your maverick skills and remember most if us don't want to become a nazi state.
you need to retire. permanently
Why does any of it matter if nobody crosses party lines?
Mr. McCain -Please Preserve & Protect our Democracy in every ? U ask -It is obvious to most Americans that something is amiss
Why don't you question your new president on why he continues to LIE to the American people....about everything.
You are a hero and I trust your intentions for the American people. Listen to your conscience and you won't go wrong. 
Any comment on @realDonaldTrump view that millions of illegals voted?
why go through all this? We all know how this is going to go since you already voted to confirm Tillerson
Wasting time as usual. Move, move stagnant 4 8 years, lets get on with it.
you already let this nation down by supporting a friend of Russia. Shame on you Senator , shame on you.
We have to have a relationship with other leaders, let's see what happens. President was only sworn in Friday.
.@SenJohnMcCain Why bother?

You're a Trump rubber stamp and will do as you're told.

"Maverick" my ass.
Question the deranged @POTUS  Senator, you must know this man is mentally unwell. Speak up!
Since I am not sure where your loyalties are, I will just say, do the best you can with Americans being first as your mantra!
would you mind checking with The Pres. on the info that states 3 mil ppl voted illegally? thanks!
Yes & if so, check all votes that could be fraudulent. Do u think Russia changed ppls mind. No one effect on me, I knew I wanted Trump
why not prosecute as well. We must prosecute fraud.. in all forms, including fraudulent statements.
Let's question who Trump thinks he is.  POTUS is not more powerful than Congress.  Congress represents the people.
No, Government has controlled us. When they need to serve us, honorably. We ave to hold them accountable & stop wast yrs of time to progress
This is going to slow!
Oh please.  You confirmed Tillerson, so why not this nominee?  Save us the fake concern.
That's right pass them! Get on with it.
