Pushing war has made a lot of $$$ for you.
Mr McCain,  when are you going to change your party affiliation to the Democrat's?
Why should he when he's a Republican? Oh I forgot Trump's a REAL Republican. #deplorables
John McCain was for appealing Obamacare.  Now he got a pay off and is for it. Which proves he is a pos traitor to his party
You going down McCain.. we got cha! No more Daddy or Granddaddy to bail you out!
Damn I just heard u were coming back . Stay away we don't need another traitor demarcate.  Thought u would b taking a dirty nap by now!
Wow! What a POS comment from an obvious POS.
Why did you vote against repeal of Obamacare when you campaigned for repeal?
Why are you questioning his judgement? Does the name Obama care bother you? Maybe that's it.
Because he campaigned on repeal of Obamacare and then voted the opposite.
McCain, please retire 
Your turn to donate to the flood victims
Crazy old man.
@HouseGOP @TheDemocrats @Morning_Joe CAN YOU SAY THE SAME ON FRÜHER TRUMP? LMAO#
#TaxReform and #ReoealObamacare get it done instead of posing #MAGA #POTUS ThankYou
Huh!?
You are a model of decency in & out of DC sir! God bless you & Happy Birthday!
A model for what exactly?  How to be a traitor with one vote?
Why, why aren't you stopping this chaos, madness,espionage,embarrassingnarcissistic man in the White House. Your hurting us
Not sure who #ShaneDoan is... But after seeing this I have to assume he is terrible at sports and bad for ameri ca.
Confused is definitely the right way to describe you
What do you know about that?????
Hopefully he'll take your job.
God bless you John McCain!
Your pitiful!
Hey REPEAL OBAMACARE
Bc he is a traitor and so jealous of trump.  Can't stand it.
He's a traitor because he's jealous of Trump? WOW! Another stupid deplorable here.
Please vote WITH THE PEOPLE and NOT AGAINST US @SenJohnMcCain  #MAGA that's what WE WANT. We elected our @POTUS, so work WITH HIM.
Deadman walking "with healthcare" please check out, you are really making me sick!
Maybe he can give you some tips on leadership and sportsmanship so you don't put personal petty grievances ahead of Americans
MIDDLEBURY COLLEGE?
In BERKLEY, BERKLEY,BERKLEY, BERKLEY!!!!
Will you EVER EVER EVER CONDEMN ANTIFA VIOLENCE!!!!!!!?????????
Shane Doan, great hockey player!!
What happened to Monday sounds like a Clinton flick
John how would you know he is a model of leadership which you have none of...
Retire u screwed us
Repeal OBAMA CARE
So glad you are so well informed on all things sports. Shame you can't dedicate that passion to health care, taxes, NOKO, RETIRE Brutus.
Oh really.  I heard he is really a democrat and obstructionist much like you mr. McCain
Stop Racism in your Party. TRUMP IS A JOKE ...DUMP HIM
Great Canadian!!
If you're for him, Im against him.
You suck Trump 2020 retire already
If he's your friend then he's not mine! Traitor McCain!
John mccain I'm going to report on you for illegal spying and fake terrorist
Good God people, lay off the insults for two seconds. The tweet had nothing to do with politics. Relax; and congrats Shane.




You seem to enjoy sports more then dealing with real issues why don't you make that your full time job instead of politics??
I guess your parents didn't teach you to respect your elders. Leave John alone troll!
Yes  Soros money   Stay home and spend the rest of your days with your family!
Time for Sen McCain to put his political career on ice! My lifelong hero; stunning how fast persons can turn on you!
Retire McCain, your mentally unstable and can't do you job due to your illness, or we would have healthcare  by now
TRADER McCain!
He's a hockey player. They personify that. #ShaneDoan
Cancer made Songbird McCain a lil b!tch
America loves mccain
Teamnwork does not include killing team mates or getting them killed. You got a bigger body count once captured/walked in to camp
From the same guy who said Obamacare needed to be repealed and replaced. Liar! Sorry Shane. Find a more reputable supporter.
You could learn a few thing from him...RINO
Glad to hear you are returning to the Senate!
Says the liberal
Ditto.....congrats!!!
Bull shit. All you guys are doing is planning how to funnel federal funds to very rich contributors. The hell with the people. Watch & see.
TRAITOR!!!!!!!!!
Only One  1 uno  uno vote
Gladys 1 one uno vote may send your family back to Mexico 
It's so nice to see your lovely smile 
Hey TRAITOR
RETIRE!
If he is a friend of yours, I don't want to know him. Everything you touch turns to poison.
That is more than the American people say about you.
John McCainさん

    ◯◯ is a model of leadership

Thank you very much.

@SenJohnMcCain
1 more vote! The world would be a better place if you were never born songbird! Can't honestly say that about many people....
Defectio recommends Shane not associate with this toxic person.
What would you know about Teamwork?
russian bot

We ALL know that SOROS/HILLARY/and the rest of DEMS HAVE YOU ON THEIR PAYROLL

