my husband waited almost a year for approval to be treated for PTSD after 3 years of combat and war thank you
that's sad and pathetic! People like your husband should be priority #1! Thank him for service
THANK YOU. it really means a lot to us when others support our military men women like my husband
no thank you!I will support anyone who puts their own health and well being at risk 2protect us
walk around with pussy hats on acting a fool as if they have nothing to be thankful for
exactly. Who do they think protect their right to march around pretending to b oppressed? Sad
never even a thought towards that my husband had to piece together his brothers in Iraq in the
So "help to recruit terror" means you're ready to blame our leaders than terrorists? Why not blame the terrorists themselves?
u tweet this and STILL don't condemn the murders of Muslims by far-right in Canada? Why so long to condemn it?
If Muslims must apologise for terror attacks YOU must apologise for this http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/quebec-city-mosque-shooting-latest-alexandre-bissonnette-donald-trump-marine-le-pen-facebook-social-a7554451.html … will you?
Joe will not apologise for Muslims being killed by right wing extremists, it's what he craves
morally bankrupt clown looking for handouts. #lesigh
McCain needs to go back to being a prisoner of war or a nursing home
. Since my service 77-80 VP-26 I've watched Dems dismantle our military and Repubs rebuild when will the madness stop. 
hay don't you even blame Trump for the weaken military, that has been down size since jimmy carter.
I am sorry it came from you, John, as I have lost all respect for you. Yes, Trump will rebuild military
Sen John McCain good example serious effort #TermLimits . Useless as teats on boar hog
I agree 100%. Love your saying as my mom said that one when I was young.
You sound like a TRAITOR, Sen. McCain. How much did #Manafort funnel to YOU? What part did YOU play in leaked #dossier?
McCain is a traitor. He's a sell out! How much is he getting paid to be a fool
Please don't approve more military spending til waste and fraud problems at Pentagon are remedied. Thank you.
dangerously weakened by you, Hanoi songbird
WTF are you talking about? We have the biggest, baddest military times over any other country. How will you pay for it?
The Republicans and Trump does nothing but trash our military and our troops.
First we need a rational President though
You need to accept that he is mentally unstable & has the emotional maturity of a toddler.
Who John McCain? Everything out of his mouth is piss
WITH GOD IN THE END
please, for the sake of our children, vote no on Betsy Devos tomorrow morning!  Please, sir.
how much did the weapons industry pay you to side with corporations, not the people?
Do to every base closed since jimmy carter, all the way to Obama, AND YOU HELPED CLOSE THOSE BASES AS SEN.
Needed more then ever. Also important to encourage NATO members to up military spending to appropriate levels.
You can get all this build up without Trump. Impeach this unqualified UNcommander in Chief.
I HOPE YOU KEEP YOUR WORD, THE DEMOCRATS HAVE DESTROYED OUR MILITARY IF YOU GO AGAINST #TRUMP OUR PRESIDENT YOU'LL DEAL
Speaking of the Ukraine, looks like the Russians r getting frisky again. Do they know something that u don't?
For what? More misadventures in the middle east. I don't c this bozo helping the Ukraine.
Thanks for heroic sacrifice for our country.  But now, you and John Lewis poster boys for term limits.
The Littoral Combat Ships (LCS) have had a problem with "aggressive corrosion".   Do we get a tax refund for this waste?
We have nearly twenty (20) aircraft carriers.  Russia has one or two.   Why do we need to build-up the military?
How about we spend more money on making America a better place instead of buying rockets to kill more people.
if your going to act like a Democrat be one
#fightTrump !
Don't compromise with a fascist for your wants. #fighttotalitarianism
atta boy Johnny, do as your donors tell you.
Democrats don't want to rebuild military. Support Trump. Disappointed in you if you don't
WHO'S TO BLAME FOR 8 THAT YEAR FIASGO?
this is out last priority. Pls help get the people's house in order!!! Bannon must go. ACA fix&kept, DeVos out! Bannon out!
Support Donald Trump!!!
How about we pass an Audit the Pentagon act and stop wasting money via accounting and procurement fraud FIRST?
Sick of you not supporting PRESIDENT TRUMP. If u don't change NOW, I will NEVER VOTE for u for ANYTHING!
thanks for your statement about Mr.Bannon and security committee, he is not conservative but alt right and scary for US
great Piece!
Trump will make our military strong again. Trump is the President, it is his plan, not yours. You sold out.
Good idea McCain. Why don't you stick to that and leave President Trump alone. Same for your buddy Graham
you SUCK you hypocrite
thanks for all you do!
. Much more danger is the guy in the White House than the state of our Military. Do something to save our Nation
Hitler had absolute power in a totalitarian state, Trump does not. Tick tock, every second GOP cements judgement in history.
the fear is 
who is in power: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/richard-greene/is-donald-trump-mentally_b_13693174.html?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
oh yeah, it's real weak... No. what's weak is our infrastructure and health care and help for the poverty stricken
it wouldn't be weak if you had a spine.
And what? Give your wannabe caesar Orange Julius Trump more ammo for his and the GOP's immoral agenda? Yeah, right
you'd b the guy to do it beings you were there all the time it was weakened just jump in the other collum where u belong
Trillions of dollars missing....please find them first
.@SenJohnMcCain Why has the Judicial Branch been removed from WH website? This is frightening.
We don't need to hand Trump/Putin anymore weapons.Clean the Neo Nazis out of the Whitehouse & then we'll talk.
Thank You President Trump.
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump swallow your  pride McCain right now your a traitor. we need GOP to be 100% loyal
I'm STUNNED voted for McCain and Trump swallow your pride McCain right now your a traitor. we need GOP to be 100% loyal
What is dangerously weakend is the MORAL FIBRE of U.S. leadership. Murder and mayhem in the ME...STOP IT!
The consequences of US policies in the ME have affected the entire Western world.  It's criminal!!!
is a globalist, bank, corporate grovelling slave. You want your war with Russia just like MSM do. What a sad man.
Senator I know something about putin that defeats him in the worst way possible, I have the upper hand, I can help.Reply
What about dennouncing putin's evils? What about the evil of obama, and putin's evil!!??? How can trump miss on putin's?
I left you a coaster & a letter written on my DD214.  Gave it to Carly back in Phx. Hope you will actually read it
Our Military is big enough! Spend money on Infrastructure, Schools, Families, Food, Higher Education, Medicare for ALL!
The budget cuts came because you all could not work together.
Fix the VA...start in your own damn state!! Your supposed to be our brother!!!
we spend way too much on the military. How is a F-35 going to deter Russia more than a nuke? Cut the waste.
John McCain is a big phony for our military
@realDonaldTrump How much..$5T?? No way. We need strong military but that's excessive Senator Doomsday. Unlike you...
I'm afraid of mushroom clouds.Maybe you can use your experience as a "Keating 5" to do the financing!
I wasted 2 votes for you in 2008 Senator Strangelove! You now remind me of Mr.Potter in "Its A W Life"!
OUR MILITARY HAS 2 BE STRONGER TO ENSURE PEACE JUST LIKE @POTUS STRENGTH WILL SHOW WORLD DON'T MESS W US WILL SAVE LIVES
@realDonaldTrump @CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @nytimes @nypost @DailyCaller @dailyEEUU
You need to worry about USA internally right now!
you should be ashamed of yourself!
how can you say you will work with a racist?
@LindseyGrahamSC  Get one thing straight you 2. You are not @POTUS. Trump ran as did you, he won. Stand w/ your prez. 1
keep fooling around with the travel ban, as Iran shoot a missile 600 miles. We are stupid!! Complicated world. fools!!!
Benedict McCain!
Hey John...where did the VA scandal story break?  AZ right....and who is a senator in AZ?...YOU!!  Retire NOW!
we have the largest military infrastructure in the world. Bigger than NATO. What are we rebuilding? Trump's army?
NO MORE MONEY to military!
Impeach this monster now!!!
Decades @SenJohnMcCain has accomplished NOTHING! HE couldn't win @POTUS & has not kept AZ safe like his BS campaign promises. RETIRE PLEASE
You keep up the ANTI Trump..but He got elected to support the military...STOP THE NEGATIVITY
Senator McCain. Please stop offering to work with DT. Work on impeaching him. Then do whatever u want. We trust YOU
We spend more on def than next 26 nations combined. How much more do you want? DoD needs to have a bake sale no schools!
& @LindseyGrahamSC are only @gop with a backbone, dignity and patriotism. How do @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr stand upright?
thank you for standing up to 45.
coward!
I have heard of this weak military but I don't see it. How is several new aircraft carriers and aircraft weakening?
I am glad to see you back the rebuilding of our military. as a Marine, we need to rebuild our corps
You are a Trump wanna be
SEE IF YOU CAN DO SOMETHING MEANINGFUL, SENATOR!!!!!!!
thank you so much for standing up for us . Honored ! We must fight harder have our voices heard
Our military is already strong but people die everyday without medical care. Save #ACA
dude, we already spend over half of our budget on the military, and half of that is wasted on the private sector.
don't forget information warfare, which is why there is a Russian spy as USA President
@POTUS  You have lost our trust and respect, this groveling piece of fiction will not win it back, Judas.
I understand this is important, but Trump/Bannon are destroying our country, and you & your peers have GOT to stop them.
As my representative I expect you to defend the Constitution of the United States and  protect the rights of the American people.
You suck little john!!
Respect your sacrifice. Your such a disappointment as a so called fellow republican, support the POTUS!
POTUS attacks the media daily, is limiting JCS and allows Bannon & Flynn and this is what you tweet about?!!?
You're ready to rip this country to shreds, from the INSIDE McCain! Shut the hell up and support the US CITIZENS
@realDonaldTrump  @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamDS NO SWORN enemies in USA. NO enemy making my laws or living next door.
we have one of the strongest militaries in the world it's not weakened. You just want to send more money to pals
Obviously you have never talked to anyone in the Military. Your facts are seriously wrong.
Like you even care!
Really? Is it really "dangerously weakened"? US already spends more on its military than the rest of G8 combined.  @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
you're a weak leader who gave us Obama why don't u grow a pair or sit down and shut up MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!!!!!!
Because of you I feel we definitely need turm limits.  You are against keeping terrorists out. Pathetic.
u and the 'hil loser,  POTUS candidates but always wishing to tell us what u would do
UR WRONGIt's Responsible to vet immigration of countries that have no centralized government. 9% muslim nations affected
you helped make it weak. Now you want to blame others.
Two endless wars will do that. Tell me, when do you know you've won in Afghanistan? We don't need another war. Tell Trump.
Do you have a view about the US subsdising NATO countries Senator like the President has?
Well, you sure are on the worst start.  Your party just made our military less safe.
. Sir, with all due respect, future Wars are not being fought like the ones you served in.
how about rebuilding our fragile democracy that is being destroyed by @realDonaldTrump? When will you stand with us?
How do you feel about your President replacing the Joint Chiefs of Staff with Steve Bannon? Feel safer now?
A military force that is spread too thin is the problem senator, they must regroup and focus on the trully important.
theaters and strategic goals. The noble fighting men and women of the USA can suceed with the proper leadership.
It sounds like fear mongering to feed the military-industrial complex that Eisenhower warned us against.
Our military isn't "dangerously weakened", that entire idea is ridiculous.  Stop arming the fascist regime of Trump.
That's a nice picture of you
Meanwhile our kids are ranked 35th in math. Who is going to win in the longterm. Look at Japan/Germany after WWII.
@Tommy8668 U need 2 STEP UP & help take down TRUMP. .IMPEACH HIM NOW!!!!
It's time to tell the truth new Ex Order only list Syria the Order put in affect Obamas 2015 law to ban 7 countries
OK great can we pork a military bill  with budget to handle hungry kids in this country and fixing infrastructure
All words. U sold your Dignity to an orange hilter

#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
Well, you'll be working with white supremacist, wife-beating Bannon since he's actually the president, @SenJohnMcCain. But sure.
what can be done about Bannon? He does not belong on the National Security Council!
How about you do something for veterans first before you start making more of them?
Will you tolerate Trump in WH in an attempt to rebuild military, while he endangers military & civilians with EOs & tweets? #impeachtrump
If it were up to you,you pompous liberal you'd destroy our Military the best you could as you are doing to our country
So you're OK with "President"  Bannon running the country? America  DID NOT vote HIM into office. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW
WRONG On Everything-CORRECT On Nothing! @WSJ @FT @greta @msnbc @TeamTrump @foxnews @MeghanMcCain @BretBaier @drudgeheadlines
dangerously weakened now that your president has made us a target! Stop turning a blind eye to reality
What a joke you are. Do you want & check to see what the Dems have to say before making a statement about the military?
Really John. Will Bannon let you
with all due respect Senator. We the millions who elected Trump have a deep disappointment in your non supportive of DJT
start by giving low pay grade enlisted families a pay raise..then they won't need snap benefits. So shameful
You need to focus on removing trump before he gets us all killed.
You better run that by Bannon and Putin first.
bannon really you getting in bed with that trash.
Thanks for leading in rebuilding our military it is the most important! Don't cut taxes on top earners or the idea of a balanced budget dies
retire
You failed Veterans you failed Americans you have been a complete failure to America & the Oath you took. UR #Honorless
-  move your agendas forward under Pence. Impeach DJT swiftly or there is little chance we survive to see any of it.
That's a new one - 'ready to work with @POTUS'. Almost believe you John!
I seriously think we don't need a stronger military in Trump's hands. We need more educated Americans.
we have the biggest military on the planet. Cut the military
You would have made more sense if you said "It's winter, my bills are late and I'm unemployed..I should clean my pool!"
POTUS will tell you what he will decide. He knows how to WIN the Presidency
Eliminate the Wall and you will cover the spending short-fall.
Weakened??  Old man you've been out too long. Go find a rocking chair
Are ther eotehr things you want Mc Cain???
who care you support terrorists coutnry you support open borders you support china you want nuke war with russia ?
my entire family loves you! Great guy!
This nut is putting us all in danger.
Join the DNC John we dont need backstabbing politicians with their fingers in the wind anymore. U hate our President
@senjohnmccain @wsj
Hard to have people enlist to defend our country when prez doesn't enlist help from joint chief of staff.
with respect 2 heads are better than 1 its time R. D. work together instead of the usual 24/7 insults back and forth
we need a strong military esp with your weak stance on admittance of possible terrorist into US
I do respect McCain for going through torture in Viet Nam era. Guys be with your President, Trump
you have been a reason our military has been weakend you do nothing old hack!
The military is the strongest in the world.  Spend the money in infrastructure and social programs instead
@POTUS Op Ed in WSJ, come out & speak to the people & do something in the Senate...talk is cheap, Americans want action
