There should not be one American that wouldn't want to punish Russia for attacking the United States. We need to know why our House doesn't!
Russia isn't the problem. Obama, Hillary, McCain, Lynch, Comey, Rice, Brennan, Podesta, they are just a few of the REAL problem
Honey, if u think Russia is no problem u didn't pay attention n school. They've been trying 2 undermine our democracy since we bcame the USA
We've all been brainwashed in school to believe whatever they told us to believe and it's pretty obvious to me their all fuckin liars!
So where do you get your information from that you would trust Russia to tell you the truth, but not our schools, news media and Americans?
Apparently I'm a Russian agent. I get first hand intel 
That's the best u've got. Seriously, I am not judging u, just trying 2 understand how your info is more believable 2 u, than info I have.
After the media lied all the way to the end of the election how could u ever believe them again! They lie and lie and lie.
They won't do it. They believe potus when he says Russia / Putin is friend. Crazy times Senator. Please help!!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorBurr @SpeakerRyan @ChuckGrassley @BobGoodlatte6 @TGowdySC @bensasse @JohnCornyn @SenMajLdr
All RINOS get out of the way.
Demand action from your representative.
What about @jaredkushner the liar's security clearance, Senator?
Gee, John, it's a real shame that you and other senators can't, you know, impeach Donald or something. Oh well.
But I'm sure if you just keep complaining really loudly that Donald will stop protecting Russian interests.
So really, the ball for starting that is in Paul Ryan's court.
The Senate can't impeach for the same reason they can't get this bill passed, the House won't do it.
As I said to NoDeVos, if something comes up that gets the American public angry enough; the House will have to start it.
Either dragging the spineless @SpeakerRyan kicking and screaming or forcing him to start it. Either way, his career in Politics will be over
So this is the reason that sanctions haven't been hardened., big business interests.!!! Haha our own olygarchs greed holding it up. .ok.
Make every tweet count!
& btw, DJT commented on FLOFrance's physique. seems getting legislation thru is more important than doing ur jobs & sticking neck out 
You cannot tell me Trump does not have ties to Russia not at this state of the game .
Who doesn't. They all do. What is the crime?
Who were the TWO John? Let's hear their names HERE, from YOU! Stand up!
John, you and the Senate, are all a JOKE.  Read the tea leaves and you will see O, HRC & DIMMS are deeply involved with RUSSIANS. COLLUSION
Forget Russia repeal Obamacare
Ryan may be to close to Russian money to be able to push it forward - do you think?
Who's the 2
Should punish you for your 24/7 attacks on the President of the United States of America. Shame on YOU.
And when will the GOP hold Trump responsible?  He's not a Republican he's a national embarrassment and a con man.
I feel that this is exactly what Putin was going for when he hacked the election. Infighting and indecision leading to dysfunction.
In addition to the real prize, owning the pres. resulting in clear sailing for his corrupt and maniacal agenda.
@SpeakerRyan and @GOP  @POTUS Keep spending MORE military $ to defend citizens while they die from lack of healthcare.
Got it backwards. POTUS proposes foreign policy, Congress confirms. Do your job, let POTUS do his.
It is about time for many things including asking President Trump to release his tax returns and show proof no ties to business
why when they did nothing.But you did going after the Russian dossier that Hillary paid for to bring Trump down.Your a traitor to country
....@speakerryan is sooo russia hawk   ... one thing youcan actually pass ... again man up
Unfortunately Paulie no Nuts doesn't want to offend the prez and the prez is beholden to Putin
How much money in campaign contributions did Ryan receive from Russia?
This president needs to be deprived of some power.  That is your worry Ryan?
I want to know the 2 who didn't vote for it.

Kill it. We don't need a bill that cuts the wings of the presidency. You are an and anti-Trump Sen. Shame and with no guts to fight a war.
Yes.  What is wrong with @SpeakerRyan ?  Is he compromised in some way?
Where does it say that one single vote total was changed ? We spy on them and use their vulnerabilities to our advantage. Worldwide !!
Can't blame the Dems for not wanting a watered down version; "Short timer Ryan" needs to let it pass as sent from the Senate.
It's because the current administration IS the putin administration.
We need to know why @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr won't go after Russia.
@WhiteHouse is just burying themselves by impeding #Russia sanctions bill. You're just making public suspect @POTUS admin even more
Exactly!! Pass this bill already .@HouseGOP .@SpeakerRyan
you should publicly endorse @IronStache Randy Bryce,time for Ryan to go.
Ryan can't answer this question with a simple "No." Too much of GOP will happily work with hostile foreign IC
Asked if he'd take meeting with foreign source offering campaign info, @SpeakerRyan says "I'm not going to go into hypotheticals." 
Whose the obstructionists now? Never was the Democrats! Republican Congressmen and women are afraid of Trump.
Amazing so when will @POTUS @SpeakerRyan authorize the punishment ?? How can #Russia collusion be more obvious if they don't sign?
Get rid of Trump.  Problem solved.  Invoke the 25th amendment and move on!
Punish.@realDonaldTrump & CORRUPT TREASONOUS fam & admin!SPEAK UP FOR AMERICA. BE A HERO AGAIN! .@GOP MUST DISAVOW HIM. Save our Healthcare!
Oh no! What's gonna happen to the Trump / Putin cyber cooperation unit?!!! 
should punish ourselves we meddle more than 10 countries Russia hasn't done anything obama didn't do
How about you actually stand up and do something, Senator?  For your country...
That's what happens when you fear retaliation by a more powerful and focused force.
please, please do the right thing. to partisan. we need to step back and bring everyone to the table, secret rooms are good for no one
now if we could take the time to come together d & r on a healthcare bill thats good for all. and not ram it down everyone's objections.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP are you going to sell out USA for @realDonaldTrump ? #CountryOverParty #RussiaGate #TraitorInChief #RussiaSanctions
Indorse his competitor. Time to put up or shut up. Even has had enough empty rhetoric.
History is watching, stand up to Russia and the Russian loving Trump family. Your GOP legacy will be toast.
Senator. These slimes impugned your service, sold US to Russia, still you do little but bloviate.
Amen! What is holding this bill up.
Why don't you impeach Trump as the first sanction?
That would require Paul Ryan to have guts and a backbone and he has neither. Who were the two who voted NO?
Thank you for this tweet, sir. Please publicly condemn the collusion and treason of the Trump campaign
Maybe they are waiting on The Senate to pass health care.
fake news
Don't give back the US dachas

Pretty sad John the Democrats accuse  Russian hack but you haven't even got their server. What kind of game are you playing?
Good luck - everyone so scared of Trump effect/backlash that they no longer stand up for what's right. Shame on GOP all around...
Working on tightening international sanctions on nations which go to cyberwar with others?  Or does that restrict US planned attacks?
Who were the two nays?
@SpeakerRyan is a scourge on the US Along with @SenateMajLdr,  screwing us all one immoral act at a time.
It's a hoax.
Its time to deal with the President. The GOP has to see he is compromised with Russia. Then the bipartisan supported sanctions can work.
You know Trump will veto the bill right? He's more of a friend to Russia than the United States.

House is holding up sanctions!
RYAN just can't do it!
RYAN IS NO HAWK ON RUSSIA-FAR FROM IT!
Ryan aligned with Trump 2 pass agenda for RICH!
Get off the Russia crap and do something for Americans, you are falling into the democrat trap, but you are a democrat
CORRUPTION AT ITS BEST!!
Oops.... it's gonna be hard for comrade Ryan to betray the confidence of his Russian counterparts.
@RobWittman Now is the time to step up.  Push @SpeakerRyan to bring this to the floor.
Good to hear
Do you support impeachment? Yes or no.
@SpeakerRyan hmmm... I wonder why some don't want to punish Russia?
Thank you for your leadership
Tell .@RepAndyBiggsAZ that Russia intervened in our elections. He thinks there is  no proof. #AZ05
Andy Biggs and his staff have their head in the sand.
How about, Doing something for the USA. Get over this Russia BS  you have no proof.
Proof that We The People need to make HUGE changes in Congress. Send the do-nothing Repubs HOME!
I have a feeling if Ryan allows that to happen, some dirt on him will suddenly be leaked to the MSM. Thus, his stall tactics.
Sorry John the house RINOS are apparently under foreign influence. I am sure citizens united does not help the matter.
Ryan, McConnell, Burr & Nunes were the  obstructionists who threatened mutiny if Obama informed the American people about the Russian hacks.
And yet your R friend Ryan sits on his hands covering for Trump
John McCain the terrorist casting blame? Traitor and alledged luciferian pedo monster.
They will not. They knew that Russian money was being funneled into Trump but did nothing, so now they r saving themselves.
You will need to help expose them or our democracy is done
Except for one thing.
Trump can't be trusted when it comes to Russia. This needs to be moved forward without his approval.
Russian Lawyer Veselnitskaya Posted Picture on Facebook from inside John McCain’s Office
Thank you Sir. Once again you are smooth and brave. Can't be easy speaking out
Then go over to Ryan's office and kick him in the ass, or put a gun to his head! Which ever you're most inclined to.
Please keep the pressure on. Thank you.
What was your roll in getting Russian lawyer in US when entry was denied? Were you involved in setting up Trump Jr as sources say?
Voted no.  Look in the mirror.  House voted no.  Russia stated they are going to expel our diplomats.Then sanction our businesses in Russia
cc: @SpeakerRyan. We see you, Paul.
Why so antsy?
How about Kushner and Sessions being fired, too? Also critical for national security.
@SpeakerRyan Are you so concerned with ruffling the @POTUS feathers you cannot do what's right for your country. Shameful!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Get over it. Global hacking been going on for a long time.
How exactly did Russia interfere except exposing the absolute corruption of the DNC and HRC?
Shut up you're not the President.
What Is Taken So Long? Mr. McCain! The 2 Must Have Been! Mitch And Paul!
Maybe Ryan & friends benefited from Russian campaign contributions. Maybe Ryan & friends were ok with the Russian help they got. Complicit?
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @POTUS: We depend on the House to do the right thing as it is clear WH is beholding to Russia. @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC
If it doesn't happen, we'll know whose side the House leaders are really on....traitors
Damn right!  Not a watered down version either!  @RepLanceNJ7 @HouseGOP
Most of your followers are liberals, who'd have spit on you when returning from Nam. What does that tell you about who you are now, Senator?
Where is the leader of the Republican party on this issue? You may know him by the name Donald Trump...
I think we know full well where the GOP leadership is on this issue, unfortunately
Thanks for standing strong against this attack on our country.
Yes it is Senator McCain - especially with the Russian BS and latest revelations - last thing American's want is lifting current sanctions
No!We need to pass it for many other reasons! If you were going to punish them for interfering in elections you should have done it long ago
maybe some have close ties to TRUMP and his conspirators @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
Initiate #ImpeachTrumpNow and get rid of corruption in WH #FakePresident
@SpeakerRyan Come Mr Speaker bring it to a vote passed in Senate 98-2 @marcorubio @GrahamBlog @NancyPelosi @tedlieu @RepAdamSchiff
nope its time to veto it. prove russia did something, then you can pull this .
Seriously. What's paul Ryan waiting for?

And why can't you guys stand up for American's in terms of civil norms and health care and ....stability? Get your party in line John.
I know right?Where have they been for 8 years Why now do they come out against"OUR PRESIDENT"Come on people this man is a traitor and #RINO
Well they should come out against your president, your president isn't a leader, it's a hypocritical boss,They sure came out against 44 thou

You are quite capable of putting pressure on the house. When are you and your buddy Lindsey going to hold a press conference?

sanction john mccain for his role in the russia piss-gate dossier
sanction the DNC for the election tampering they did...sanction CNN for giving out debate questions to favor one candidate HRC
Your Brethren are afraid of Donald, Why? Pass the bill now!!
don't you think it is time for the DNC to turn its server over to the FBI, why do you trust CROWDSTRIKE's assessment?
That would require Paul Ryan to grow a spine.
Russia benefited the republicans so they don't want to slap them away!!
You could start by refusing to enable their puppet on the White House.
.@SpeakerRyan seems to want to be an accomplice to the crime.
Love to know the 2 who voted against.
Go away, even good news from you sounds tainted. #songbird
no.
What is wrong with the house GOP that they cannot get behind this?  What/who is behind the reluctance to take clearly justifiable action?

Punish and correct the election hack by passing a constitutional amendment calling for a new election and ending this nightmare.
John, you know full well there are members of the house who are dirty in the Russia scandal.
Just like Johnny's fingerprints are all over this too.

Wonder why McCain hasn't been questioned in his involvement in fake dossier against our President?
Wonder why paid trolls with American flags are so abundant..?
Lk
Where you at Paul Ryan? Afraid to upset Trump and his Russian buddies? What do they have on you? Must be good given your lack of action.
trump is lobbying against it

Who were the two NO voters?
Sanders (because he opposes the Iran sanctions attached to the Russian sanctions) and Mike Lee
No, it was Sanders and Rand Paul. I am suspicious Russia may have dirt on Paul
Yeah my mistake.
it's past time for a lot of things that they should've done by all rights. You had your chance in July 2016
You got that right But he threw the election in the laps of the Dems HE IS A #RINO AND TRAITOR TO OUR PARTY! Funny we are seeing him so much
I know reading is really hard, but July 2016 was the Republican national convention.
McCain was not a candidate. He did however take the brunt of Donald's bullshit multiple times nonetheless

Hey Maverick, why are so many republicans STILL supporting Trump after all that we now know? Pretty disgusting.
Including you, @SenJohnMcCain . Why do your ACTIONS not reflect your words?
Heard Colbert say is "russia colluding to influence U.S. election left right thing?" PLEASE FIGHT FOR CONSTITUTION not party
@SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr will do anything to appease @POTUS for now until they get what they want. Even if it puts us in danger.#SICK

Should the American people start calling for investigations into some Representatives?
@RepTedYoho perhaps? He'd be fine colluding.
@SpeakerRyan is letting the vote be delayed too...
@SpeakerRyan do you care for our country or only the @GOP ? Or are you covering your own ass?
#GOPstandup #speakup #loveUSA
Agree!  What's the hold up @SpeakerRyan?
yes, and if they don't????   I'm suspicious why not.  Don't be left standing with a traitor.
It is Russia, baby
