Are you protecting Trump to save you and your wife's jobs?  Why is she working for this admin?How is that not a conflict of interest for AZ?
How the hell is he protecting Trump? You obviously don't pay attention
Voting 100% party line and not standing up to this corrupt bully. The GOP leadership are a bunch of suck up cowards. No laws for Trump.
He hasn't broken any laws! Even liberal attorney Alan Dershowitz has said that. It's called a constitution, read it!
Douche-o-witz is a Trump crony. A legal degree does not make him uncorrupt. Trump had broken so many laws we can't keep up.
He is not, he believes in our constitution and so should you. No wonder McCain is your senator, you're just as twisted as him
Please don't blame me for John McCain...or Trump.  Douche-o-witz believes in free media time. He seems to have loyal audience in you.
You're too ignorant to converse with.
Will you new announcing a live Town Hall during your 4th July recess? America is fighting for its Independence and Democracy. Care to help?
Talk about a troll...
What EXACTLY would it take for you to break ranks with GOP/Trump and do what is right for America?
He isn't in the ranks with the president. He's completely against him.
He talks a good story. Maverick etc. But in the end he votes w/ trump/mitch. His wife got a job for his vote!
Do you take the Russia threat seriously?  How will you protect the investigation and the truth?  When will the GOP stop being complicit?
Who's side are you on?  Arizona constituents or Trump?  Based on legislation being pursued, it cannot be both.  Team AZ or Trump?
I can't join u,but my 2 biggest ?s are,will u oppose Trumpcare (AKA Deathcare) & will u start holding Trump accountable for destroying U.S.?
Naah, you're voting for that shitty healthcare bill. Party over people, every time. National hero and national pariah at the same time.
Is this a way of not doing a Town Hall when you get to AZ?Sure seems like it.AND, you can turn it off at any time. Wish cancer was like that
Hope you heard from the people. Repeal Obamacare now and get together on a real replacement. Stop prograstinating and find a solution. #Vote
A Republican not afraid to have a town hall meeting? Kudos! One of the last of a dying breed. Go John!
Kudos? Really? He hides behind FACEBOOK townhalls! You can't rebut anything he says cause no one is standing in front of him. It's online!
.I have to work and won't have time to attend. So here is my thoughts. Trumpcare is a cancer to Americans, & if you vote for it so are you.
How do u still support the president ??
Do you find Potus's conduct at all presidential?
My dad was in Korea and did 3 tours in Nam. Sick Army brat here. Why is it so hard 4 me to get MEDICAID in AZ???
When you going to impeach the #PervOnTheBus?
While Republicans celebrate our independence, I hope they take note their POTUS is supporting & advocating domestic terrorism on the media.
The Presidents tweets are a reflection of you and the Republican party until you speak out about them. I'm listening..
Two questions...why r you supporting a bill that will take healthcare away from millions of  people, bring back pre-existing conditions 1/2
What would it take for you to vote against Trumpcare bill?  How many kids, elderly or poor people have to be hurt?
U r going to be arrested soon. Proof all over the place where u got ur money. Killary Foundation and Soros large contributors+u asked Russia

So if we ask you to resign will you? Or maybe switch to the dem party since that's where your ideology aligns? #RINO

NO. WE WANT REAL LIVE TOWN HALL HERE IN PHOENIX WHERE YOU CAN'T CHERRY PICK QUESTIONS. QUIT HIDING BEHIND FACEBOOK!
Sorry you have lost your credibility with nothing but talk & no action. Letting trump & Russia destroy/kidnap our country
Why do you always talk tough and then vote 100% party line? All talk?  Your constituents are not happy you are enabling this trainwreck
How many members of the GOP does Russia own?  How much have they contributed to your campaigns and interests?  When will we impeach Trump?
What are you doing about healthcare for AZ?  You are throwing us under the bus with a YES vote.  Will seek out a bipartisan solution to HC?
Why won't you work with our @POTUS on Jobs ,Health Care? 
Also are you investigating the unmasking of a American Citizen? #Arizona here
For those of you wanting to talk about #BCRA #healthcarebill his office phone #'s are in link.  https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations …
I think you know what we all want to know... wtf?

Here's a question - when will you call it a tax cut for wealthy bill
Do you support Medicare for all? #medicare for all
Why is it so hard to sign up for MEDICAID in AZ? I HAVE TO HIRE A LAWYER TO GET IT
Will you do the right thing and vote NO to Senate healthcare bill? Then work WITH Dems to fix issues with ACA or new humane bipartisan plan?
Sorry I missed your socialist views.
When will you stand up against trump, huge embarrassment- will destroy presidency
I am liberal on some things and conservative on others that is why I cannot stand the circus now in session in Washington. I am american.
If what you say and do offends liberals then you're doing it wrong. Arizonans are diverse. We are not made up of strictly far right or left
What are you doing to heal the rift that has divided this nation?
Why are republican ideals always harmful to the general public?
My family GREATLY benefits from Obamacare! Please do what you can to keep it and improve upon it. Lets not lose it!
You have been repsected by standing up to trump but lying and giving in to those lies are grounds for lowering our respect for you.
My premiums have not gone up and my payment stays the same. Nothing has changed a bit. All this other stuff is lies from YOUR party!
Senator I have checked and double checked with my insurance agents and doctors. They say the same thing. Nothing from the far right is true!
Our congress continues to fail us as a country. You are proving everyday it means nothing to vote R or D to the senate and the house.
Know I suggested before, but, JUST repeal as of 9/1/2018. FORCE BOTH parties to come to the table..ON the record, prior to our votes in Nov
When is congress going to remove this sick vengeful man from the office he is unfit to serve. Are you going to go down w him. Please save 
When are you retiring??
Will new health bill require all govt officials & employees to be on the same plan? If not, why not, if it is the "greatest healthcare?"
I worked/saved 35 years to retire comfortably. ACA costs r high but GOP doubles premiums for seniors. At $42k premiums will kill my savings!
Condemn president's attacks & bullying of women, media, & those who disagree with him. Unacceptable, every Repub should denounce publicly.
Tell us if @GOP will remove our unfit president from office before his unhinged behavior gets us into something irreversible we all regret.
Hey, old liar. Carma you know...is spreading to you and your family.
Why don't you have a townhall meeting in Arizona?
Q: why don't you stand up to Trump!? And stand up for women, disabled ppl, journalists, immigrants, muslims? He is disgracing our country.
MR McCAIN>>WHEN ARE THEY GOING TO CLOSE THE VA IN AZ FOR CORRUPTION UNDER YOUR WATCH?
Why don't you help the President?
When are you resigning??
How long does a war hero allow Donald Trump to disgrace the office of President and embarrass this country?
Will you ever stand on own or will you continue to condemn in the press & then capitulate? #AmericaFirst before the #GOP #GrowAPair #AllTalk
This should have been a face to face session. Not right, Senator! I hope the rest of @GOP have the decency to hold their Town Halls live...
It seems someone is afraid to speak with his constituents in person. Time to retire Mr. Senator.
Sen McCain what have you accomplished in the
past 8 years and don't you think its time to 
retire???????????????
Senator McCain, don't you have any comment on Trump's misogynistic & hateful tweets? I am looking to you. Stand up! Please! Save the USA!
Will you denounce the disrespectful inappropriate remarks by Trump and demand his immediate resignation?
Sir, when will the #GOP cut bait & leave this horrible, inept, unprofessional human stinking up the Oval Office?? Is he worth it?
Why are you not standing strong against Trump in regards the bad health care legislation and Russia investigation?
all of U let him get away with lies & insults 2 Mexicans, @Rosie @megynkelly, Carly, @morningmika probably collusion with the reds. enough!
Why is it all your townhalls are not in person?
Please get your boss in control! Enough is enough!! You republicans must grow a backbone and get in Trumps face and tell him to stop this!!
When will you retire? Will you support going to war with Russia, since we know you hate Russia?
President's tweet is evidence of mental health issues and unfit for Nuclear codes and duties.Unstable, rrational thoughts.Look 25th amedment
Are you announcing your retirement?
Why do you want sick children to die while you give millionaires tax cuts?
Unless you're announcing impeachment proceedings, I think I'll pass.
As my Senator, will you prioritize the healthcare of millions of Americans over the wallets of the wealthy, and the need for a @GOP "win"?
You're the maverick, do something bold about Trump and stop the madness!
Instead of gutting healthcare for unfair tax burden, why don't you replace healthcare tax using a 3% FUTA increase for an even distribution?
To offset any economic drag, allow early penalty free, fixed low tax IRA withdrawals for biz startups in growth industries
3rd what are YOU doing to get 45 to take Russia intrusion seriously? 4th, how long are you gonna put up with 45s crap?
1st question, for or against this  healthcare plan in its current form? 2nd, thoughts on Trumps morning tweets about Mika?
John...would you consider retiring early (tomorrow) and going home to Az. And promise never to return to Washington?
.SenJohnMCCain will you commit to a No Vote on the #HealthcareBill if it touches Medicaid? #DisabilityRights #ProtectOurCare
How heartless are you to be even discussing the possibility of this bill? You used to be an honorable man. Answer that in your town hall.
.@SenJohnMCCain What is your vote on the #healthcare bill? #protectourcare #VoteNoAHCA #trumpcarekills.@indivisableteam
I know you need to impeach trump, but in the interim, can you take away his twitter account?
Why are you putting party over country?
Why do you think it's a good thing to throw 22M people off healthcare & give tax breaks to the 1%?  Babies, sick & elderly cannot get jobs.
Arizona retire this two faced SOB

Can YOU Guess Who LEAKEDThe FAKE #Russia @POTUS #Trump Dossier To #Comey?

None other than #SOROS Funded John McCain!

…
My question is how can you and fellow Republicans support this lying, cheating, incompetent President in anything he does?  So disappointed.
Why did @realDonaldTrump said @morningmika was bleeding badly from the face? Is that how a president behaves in the new USA?
What is your stance on the AHCA ? How are your protecting Arizonans from massive Medicaid cuts?
When are you & UR GOP colleagues going to take Trump to a psychiatric hospital for treatment?
Have you apologize to Kamala Harris?

I think you intellionally scheduled during a diamondbacks game so that you get less participation.
1. Are you actively campaigning for Republican candidates
2. Do you help them with contributions (even indirectly)
3. Do u support  POTUS
What are you going to do about Russia attacking the USA and the insanity that is trump? Country first Senator country first!
Think of it as the only insurance for you and your family. If this was healthcare you all of you, it would be a completely different.
Isn't it time to move forward with impeachment? The man in the Oval Office is unstable and dangerous.
Without a mandate how are we going to penalize people who choose to not buy insurance and then go to ER driving everyone else's cost up?
I did not see your name on the list of republicans that are against the trumpcare bill.   Why do you want us to suffer??
How can we bring dignity back to our government?

In AZ, if Senate bill passes, 400,000 people lose coverage & $3.6B leaves the state.

Strictly my opinion, @JeffFlake, this is a bad deal. …
Please help with the GOP's response to @realDonaldTrump.  The party is being tarnished by following him.
Our president is unfit.  What is the GOP doing to end this?  This man is dangerous...
Don't trust a word you say. Retire. Shameful
Sorry. Facebook is NOT a live Town Hall
Please address what's going to be done about tRumps tweets - it's insane he's the prez
Our President's behavior makes him unfit for office-mental instability/intellectual incompetence. What steps will u take 2 hav him removed?
WHY are not speaking out about tRump bullying press and lack of transparency in the White House? Where is our DEMOCRACY that you fought for
I was on McCain's last FB town hall. Entire feed of #healthcare questions, yet he talked about: weather, baseball, hockey. It was a FARCE!
SenatorMcCainJust how long do we have to wait for you to show the courage you had at the Hanoi Hilton against a possible Trump dictatorship?
You do realize that saying, "I'm studying the recent healthcare," is a totally BS. I hope you have the courage to say one way or the other!
are @LindseyGrahamSC and @ChuckGrassley trying to shut down the FBI investigations into Trump/Russia as part of a coordinated coverup w/ WH?
Live should be in person. Afraid?
What goals should a health bill achieve, and how does the BCRA achieve these goals? Be specific. Note: "Repeal" is not an independent goal.
Senator, this is not an acceptable substitute to coming home and talking to Arizonans, IN Arizona. This bill is a bane to our state. Vote NO
I would not listen to anything by John McCain.  He sold his soul to soros. He is a sell out who needs to retire
Here's a question:  When are you going to retire? Asking for a friend...#RINO
You response to Trump verbally assaulting another woman this am on twitter or are you complicit?
How long will GOP leadership stand by before admitting Trump is unfit to serve as president? What's your red line?
Will you consider a more market-driven solution to healthcare, like this one:
SOS!!!!!!!!! SOSSSS!!!!!!!!!The PTOUS is sociopath!   Get that insane madman out of office!
Senator, Why aren't you supporting our President, sir? You have been elected ad nauseum to represent us & not to continue your legacy. #MAGA
What will you do if President Trump attempts to roll back US sanctions against Russia?
GOP is complicit w Trump cause it accepted laundered $ from Russians. When will you and GOP step down for accepting dirty campaign funds?
Will you grant me a photo op & pose for the poster I am having made to promote term limits. You are the perfect spokesman for such.
Are you going to answer ALL questions or just pick and choose the lightweight ones?  We have some hard Q's that need answering.
What are you going to do about trump?
Please start putting country above party thats all I ask
When are you going to retire so the washingtonR can get something done!?!
I can ask one right now why are u trying to undermine the @POTUS at every turn? And are u a liberal
Sir, can you address what your obligation is as a sitting Senator to acknowledge the President's tweets suggest he is mentally impaired?
What is your take on this pic? Remember you were about to take us to war because if this fake story!
Also, are you also guilty of accepting laundered russian money and is the reason you won't act against the incomp./illigitimate prez?
#retire
When will you take a stand and vote NO on any bill that you disagree with ? When will you vote for the people instead of the party?
A constituent, I wish to know why you support the health care bill when clear public rejection. clear taxation without representation
What is your response to Trumps slanderous assaults on the media?  What are you doing to keep the press free and able to access WH?
I like politicians who don't hide behind covfefe Facebook 'townhalls.'  #Coward
Dear Senator: when will you be urging your colleagues in the House to introduce the Articles of #Impeachment? @abc15 @SeanSpicerFacts
Sure. Yesterday's twerversions are Article 26. Here's what's coming on #impeachment : http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/05/here_is_a_draft_of_articles_of_impeachment_for_donald_j_trump.html … @AltUSPressSec @Stonekettle
When are you planning to ACT to stop Trump from rolling over to the Russians? You and every member of Congress took an oath.
Pres Trump is doing everything as Pres Reagan would have done. So why haven't you put the election behind and helped our Pres.?
From one Nam vet to another, you gotta know when  it's time to retire. John the time is now. Thx for what u did, but new blood time. #MAGA
Have a real, face-to-face town hall.
The  debate on healthcare why do medical charges differ depending on person or insurance.Why not fair a pricing range for all procedures??
Do you think it is right for 22 million people to lose ability to afford healthcare in exchange for tax breaks to wealthy?
Bill Clinton tried to rig Russian election, O must have thought Russia was helping Hilary so he was quiet. Do we want WW111 over this?
$700B 4 military. Will we lose more American lives to address  destabilizing effects of #ClimateChange around the globe? #PriceOnCarbon?
#ClimateSecurity
How much longer do we have to put up with the Russian agent in the White House?
Why did you accept campaign contributions from Russia??
Y R U holding a Facebook session & not a face to face w your constituents..seems to me you want to control what is asked.dont want 2hear all
12% of people approve of the healthcare bill. Are you going to support it despite your constituents hating it?
Are you going to be commenting on this??!!! You and the @GOP OWN this disgrace!!!!
Question: do you believe that POTUS' attacks on the credibility and impartially of Comey and Mueller have any factual basis?
I'm a Vietnam vet with lots of respect 4 you. I may question Pres Trump's style but I like what he is doing. When will you stop and join US?
Bot
Libs can watch u. Never saw a camera u didn't like
When you remember that you used to be a maverick, do you ever weep for your dignity?
How can you support the HORRIFIC Trumpcare bill??? Support Arizonans instead!
Has Trump gone too far?  When will the GOP act to stop Trump & save the party?
Don't you think President Trump's latest tweets suggest mental illness?
When will you start to put country over party and start putting action behind your words? AZ voter.
When are you going to start the impeachment process to get this idiot out of office?
How will you protect my health insurance as it is now?
How will you ameliorate global warming?
Becoming increasingly concerned with the mental stability of the President, also would like to know where you stand on the healthcare bill
Will be working so no tweeting then. Question: When will you call for Trumps removal on 25th Amend. or Impeachment?
Long time admirer (my Dad was a WWII POW).Question: how can you keep enabling Trump? He is mentally ill and/or malevolent Internet troll.
G another dumb box of rocks like McCain!
Perception:GOP doesn't want 2 work w/ Dems, how did we get to this hostile place in politics bc at the end of the day the people are screwed
Write a bill to amend the CDA, section 230! End the protection of companies for profit off of children's exploitation. @GOP @TheDemocrats
Besides the new whistleblower policy, what else will the federal government do to improve the VA?
