And you continue to Rubberstamp all of Putin/Trumps cabinet picks&no inestigation. Have you no Patriotism?
@CloudContact
I don't doubt Senator McCains patriotism he's sacrificed more than most. Do question his party 1st mentality.
You are correct on that! He is a patriot with a powerful voice but seems to be putting party before country.
to many forget that you can respect the person but disagree with their politics. No one shows respect anymore.
I did have respect for McCain. He used to have principles but has shown very little since #45 was elected
slowly I am losing respect for all Government. No one looks out for the people. Just political gain/$$$$!
DeVoss, Pruitt, Tillerson, and Sessions were horrible choices! Get a backbone Senator! Your grandchildren are worth it
wish Everyone was like u in the GOP & wld speak up & not just blindly follow. You are an American Hero & I do respect you!!
we need an investigation and we need YOU to deal with all the russian trolls spewing HATE!
and @realDonaldTrump is connected to him.  Impeach Trump now.
You & I have differences but I must say I am glad to know u r willing to speak up & I respect you for not being bullied! I
you would have left a permanent mark for patriotism as your legacy. This is your last term? Make a difference!
You could clean this whole mess up. I may not agree with all your views, but you are a good man. Let that show now!
PLEASE CONTINUE TO SPEAK FOR AMERICANS .CONGRESS IS TERRIFIED  OF TRUMP ! THANKS SENATOR MCAIN.
yes he is
And our new President was where today?!
.@SenJohnMcCain because Trump is Putin's puppet!  We need you to show leadership and call for a full investigation!
refer you to your tweet above re Obama being too soft on Russia, what are you going to do about it then?
you are my hero, but please support Trump on Russia situation.  Trump is 10 moves ahead of Putin. Trump deserves your support
.@SenJohnMcCain @CloudContact Once the @SenateGop & @HouseGOP move a vote to #Impeach45 we'll take you seriously. Until then ave a bucket of
Enough war. We're tired of neo-cons war mongering already. Please retire already.
Please abandon your party's careless, anti-liberty, Christofascist policies. White nationalists? Were you a POW for this?
QUIT TRYING TO HAVE WWIII. OUR @POTUS  WILL KEEP US SAFE.
I am truly disappointed in your choice to not listen to the people! I thought you was a maverick. Nope..chicken
and Trump doesn't care
hope it is aimed at you Corrupt McCain
like that you get that! But you still keep voting yes on these cabinet people. AZ said no...you said yes!
looks like you are all alone in the gop?
Wish you would have made a stand a while ago. 
There won't be a USA before long.
Rino
And what is Mr Trump doing about it
becareful McCain your about to be exposed. Shame on you for what you have done. You are no soldier in my eyes.
Zero response from Traitor Trump
because 45 has been their toy all along!! Geeze. #russiagate
You are obsessed with Russia
and our President continues his war on the Media, and campaigning against Clinton #ImpeachTrump
Result of Zionist PNAC Neocon agenda vs #Russia & #Putin pushed by Neocon lackey @SenJohnMcCain: http://america-hijacked.com/2014/02/24/us-has-neocon-agenda-in-ukraine-russia-analyst/ …
You're popular: #Russian pranker got pranked senators McCain, Graham and McConnell
What are YOU doing to get #PutinsPuppet out of the WH? #doyourjob #countrybeforeparty #TrumpImpeachmentParty #mccainforputin
thank you for standing up for the people of our country! Please keep us safe! Make them listen to you!
what about the submarine off the coast of CT. With our commander in chief more concerned with sunshine and golf I am afraid
Trumps bedtoom buddy Putin is destabilizing the US. Republicans get off your high horses and join S McCain of ridding T & B
Please tell us what you are doing to ensure the US is safe from Russian political interference and military threat.
what are we doing about that Senator?
Thank you for standing up against Russia even though it goes against @realDonaldTrump ~Country over Party! I'd like Trump out
your the only person I trust to investigate fairly and completely ... wherever it leads
please investigate the Russian coup of our executive branch. This can not stand.
You are a joke .....
as you help media create false narratives
many Dems respect you. Hopeful that you'll take steps to end the illegal actions of Putin and The White House.
jus do your job and let others handle the bullwork..traitor
We need the honest republican patriots that serve us,the people, to get to the bottom of Trump's involvement.
and only week 3
...and weak 45.
As #Putin continues testing new administration, #Russia deploys cruise missiles in violation of INF Treaty http://bit.ly/2kHu3LY 
and why is there a Russian spy ship off the coast of Connecticut?
I’m a liberal Dem, but I believe you are a good man who cares about USA. PLEASE help us save it. Demand an investigation.
we need you to stop this trainwreck in DC please! Do the right thing for this country before its too late!
I've called a lot to complain. Today I've been trying to call to thank you for your independence, but can't get through!
All @gop apparently also have kompromat on them.
an investigation of WH ties needs to happen. Lead it with @LindseyGrahamSC, keep democracy, stop the regime from rising
wtf?!?!
@tommaso2424 The Trump admin talked tough on N Korea missle but not a word about Russian missle. Something wrong here.
Could you maybe get Trump's attention and let him know about this? He seems distracted . . .
You and your buddy @LindseyGrahamSC have no accomplishments. Get behind Trump and get something done for America.
Our intelligence agents unable to share vital sensitive info with @POTUS due to concerns of #treason is an untenable danger
he can test as much as he wants. We have a STRONG PRESIDENT NOW. Like PRES. REAGAN WAS. PRES DT is GOING TO NAIL RUSSIA, IRAN
McCain is not calling for independent investigation of Flynn-Pence-Trump-Russian situation.  So his words mean nothing.
thank you for pushing #trump about #Russia. We need investigation! Follow the $
you're nuts
Please stay on the Trump team - something is fishy Senator. This American thanks you.
We all are waiting to see your formal BIG break away from POTUS. #finalMcCainTerm
The 63 million who voted for Trump will not sit idly while the Left and certain RINOs attempt to take him out. Just saying
and Home the Cheeto in Chief burns down the White House
and you are the one lighting the match. Put your antipathy for @realDonaldTrump aside and get on board with true patriots.
I appreciate you standing up to Trump, but you need to get your GOP colleagues to grow a spine and do what's right.
We need you to be a hero one more time!  You and Lindsay Graham are 2 of the few GOP patriots left.  Help take down Twitler.
Testing? No, no. He picked this administration long ago. There's no testing. Now he's supervising his employees.
Didn't we just send troops and tanks close to Russia? What did you expect them to do? Stop McCain, your hurting the country!
Putin is not testing the administration. They're in bed with him. Do the right thing.  Be a maverick again. #impeachTrumpnow
Help us,  Obi-Wan McCain,  you're our only hope!!!
Yes... I'm afraid you're probably right.   But, I keep dreaming since I'm American and not Russian (yet).  
please, please do more than just investigating russia hacking election. We need you!!!!
Przestancie testować Rosję, przywożąc pod jej granice swoje wojska i wyrzutnie rakiet, to Rosja nie bedzie was testowac.
As a war hero sir, I, we, expect more from you /GOP. PROTECT US FROM TRUMP TEAM/RUSSIA. THREAT TO ENTIRE NATION. RID WH NOW
yes thanks we see the news how bout something helpful! Or just criticism & blurts from you?
--THEN STOP SUPPOTING HIS ADGENA--prove to AZ you mean what you say and just Stop!! Check your President and do your job
So unlike @RandPaul you believe GOP should investigate GOP? Or are you like @POTUS and all about loyalty? Act don't speak.
America needs you Senator McCain!  Put country before party Sir!!!
Why don't you just shut up and go arm more terrorists, that is what your good at, right?
#Benghazi #Benghazi #Benghazi
#Libya
Sen. McCain thank you for showing that you are an American before you are a politician. The Russia connection is terrifying.
You lost credibility the moment you took money from Soros. Stop pretending you care about this country.
AND TOO MANY DISTRACTIONS  EVERYWHERE AWAY FROM SOMETHING  ELSE MAYBE SOMEONE NEEDS TO MAP OUT THESE DISTRACTIONS ONTHE WALL
PUTIN&buddies ARE USING SAME HITLER PLANS, MODIFIED MAYBE&WErNOT BEING AGGRESSIVE ENOUGH! EVERYBODY(REPUBs) NEED2GET ONBOARD
be our hero and get @POTUS out. Please sir
And #BenedictDonald can't do anything about it since he is in bed with Putin. Time to join the #ImpeachDonaldTrump party.
SOME PEOPLE FORGET THAT PUTIN LIKE FORMER USSR FOLLOWERS USE CHAOS,DIVERSIONS,,,AND PLAY CHESS,THIS HAS BEEN ONGOING NOT NEW
You once wanted to lead this country. You need to lead now, sir. Don't support this inept ego-driven amateur. He needs to go.
WE NEED TO REARM
AND EXPEDITE THIS.
LET's GET UNDERWAY!
ALSO CANNOT BELIEVE THIS IS THE REAL FLYNN ACT.
NONE OF YOU GUYS,,,
WOULD JEOPARDIZE NOT COMPROMISE OUR MOMENTUM,,SOMETHING IS SERIOUSLY WRONG!!!!
DO WE HAVE MOLES IN OUR SECURITY ORGs??
Obviously, Trump won't do anything about this. He is a Putin Puppet Leader.
get behind the President!!! YOU cause more problems than you solve!! Are you an enemy or what? I used to be a fan NOT anymore
do something!
pls initiate an investigation and review WH, taxes, reassure us all that our security is not compromises. #countrybeforeparty
@GOP will have a choice soon: America or Trump, hopefully they'll make the inevitable decision before impairing @GOP
Disarray?  Sen.... Are you helping or hurting?  Dems planned this before Potus took the oath. You know how it works.Stop it !
Thank you Sen. McCain. #americanhero
Senator. Stop bitching about the Russians.  Focus on the Left wing liberals and Democrats who "ARE" destroying America.
thank you sir. we have to stop this cancer. #republicansagainsttrump #UnfitToLead #treasonoustrump
when will you stand up for the country you so heroically served? Let's see the TAXES!
Testing, no maybe reminding @POTUS that they can take him down anytime they want so he better get those sanctions removed
Testing you call it? Americans call it treason. Wake up!!!!!
you are correct Putin is a thug and killer. It is time for Donald Trump to call out Russia on its aggression in Ukraine.
Nunes' & @SpeakerRyan 's responses to Flynn's resignation were UNACCEPTABLE. This is bi-partisan. Americans demand invest.!
well, to be honest, you do keep threatening them.
Save the Republic by kicking Trump out.
Old Coot McCain's babble matters only to Congress & the liberal media. Prez Trump is exposing how deep your swamp really is.
You vowed to protect America yet you protect the Republican Party knowing trump is a traitor! Lies! #resist traitor Trump!
Senator we are counting on you to take the lead - Americans want transparent investigation on WH-Russian connection THX!
Be the hero, do something about the corruption in your party.
This administration is putting us in danger. Please get answers on Pres and Russia. Get his taxes. Thanks for your service!
@summerbrennan when r ur GOP colleagues goin2  stop this takeover of our gov?Can't fight Putin w/his puppet in the whitehouse
You are allowing Russian asset to sign bills into law, create exec orders, and appoint lifelong judgeships. Thanks comrade.
I feel good with you and your work regarding issues like this - a true American. Thank you
We need a independent commission appointed to investigate all of the Russian connections with WH. Americans deserve that
We need the 2000 Straight Talk Maverick John McCain RIGHT NOW. We've needed him for a while. Whatever happened to that guy?
I would HATE you less if you would just announce your switching to the Dem Party rather than pretending to a Republican
what do you care?  You love GOP, not America anymore. Hope you are proud
please help us from falling into Hell with putin and trump, the rest of the GOP don't seem to care how low we're going.
please put country before party and DO something about it.
. Stand-up Sir!!! You nearly died fighting for this country. Don't let us go to waste like this! Please!
Thanks for the news, but what are you doing about it? #CongressDoYourJob
Concerned Trump not up to handling situation. Need bipartisan senators to be very involved W POTUS on this bf he does stupid
I'm seriously worried about our country, you MUST stop the Trump/Russia alliance.  Impeachment NOW!
@PaulHartNYC Russia &USA only country that this treaty affects-so why r we still in it? Get out
#MAGA Every move you make is detrimental to America. Your bitterness for failure to reach @POTUS is obvious and pathetic.
You talk a good game .
thank you for your impartiality. Very rare and honorable
Please spearhead the Republican cry for an investigation of Trump and aides ties to Russia.  Your country needs you!
read your confession yesterday where you sold us out in Nam. How can you judge anyone?
please help! Get the Republicans to do something about this nightmare of a Whitehouse.
please help!  You and Lindsay are the only ones we can count on.
potus was colluding with Russians. U are a patriot. He has to be impeached. Pls. Do. something.
please help us. Get @POTUS out of there and save our country. We need you!
.  Trump is failing all of us as Americans.
do you like Flynn when he was in the Obama administration
you guys put this moron in office when you did not stand up against him- get his taxes and get him out!!
#impeachTrump
And your party does nothing. You are a Senator heading a committee. Start an investigatiom
Why does the White House not respond? Russiagate is so deep. We must get to the bottom of this!!!
@ABC @NBCNews @CNN @MSNBC @FoxNews @washingtonpost @CBSNews @cnni
Are you waiting for Trump to say what a great guy Putin is&nice to have a good relationship with him??????
We Reagan Dem's love you John! McCain 2020?
we need your help. We r going backwards with Russia and our safety.  Help
DO SOMETHING! #AgentOrange #PutinPuppet is going to get us killed #doublestandard #hypocrisy #unfit #butheremails #russiagate
you better grow a backbone and stand up to what you know is right, and get trump out of there before he ruins this country.
You have sold us out just like the rest of your cronies. #BetsyDeVos
Well Thank You Sir. Shill,  No One Gives A Sh*t What You Think
your a war monger mccain follow in The Great Generals footsteps and RESIGN
if only u fought the obama cartell like this. where were u when o told russia he would have more leverage after his election
the edge. Why don't You help him?
with China and Russia at the same time. You want Your country was in the economic pit? Trump tries to pull US from
No one asks you to deal with his hatred. But You have to understand that the United States cannot be in a bad relationship
there in captivity as well, how did You do? You want your countrymen to have such destiny like you?
Homeland, but tried to occupy someone else's Homeland. Why now You want the Americans invaded someone else's Home and got
South Vietnam to hold democratic elections. You was captured not in the USA, but Vietnam. You was not defending Your
after the United States broke the Geneva agreement of 1954. The war began after the United States did not gave
a hero, you are no one betrayed. But You're not twenty years. You're an educated man. You know that the Vietnam war began
I understand the causes of Your personal hatred of Russia. Five years, you were in inhumane conditions in Vietnam, You are
Be Nice if You said you stand for American Justice and demand an inde investigation of DJT. #DoTheEthicalThing 4 america.
Putin probably did that as a distraction from Flynn/Trump investigations....

they are deployed on Ru territory, no violation of anything. Stop lying John. Please.
PLEASE call for DT's tax returns & a full nonpartisan investigation. Likely shld lead to impeachment.
#Manchuriancandidate
@realDonaldTrump So what is your plan old man?Not enough bloodshed in world today?Guess we are all "scum" in your bitter eyes
Guess we should launch a first strike nuke attack on those scum Russians!UR crazy 80 year old flamethrower!
And you & your ilk have driven this country to insolvency with $20T hard debt & massive unfunded liability!!
And you want to inflate Russian bogeyman threat to feed the MIC with more wasted trillions??? UR crazy!!
John the missiles are not the issue.  Its the Reds in the @POTUS bed.
senator McCain please please do a full investigation of this administration we feel like we are in danger
I'm pretty sure this game will be tougher than president imagined.
I know you are working behind scenes to right this thing. Thank you! We need a stable trustworthy seasoned admin asap.
appreciate your bravery to stand up and call it like it is. Plz continue to put country before your party. 
We demand that you halt all actions being taken by an illegitimately elected government until this matter is resolved.
:)
appreciate that you put our county before party lines!!!
Get ur leadership to act like they support democracy and aren't making US satellite of Russia!
I can't believe it, but the bastards have been playing chess with us. America is finished without the truth. Trump? & Russia?
ur the dysfunctional one! U need to designate yourself a Democrat cause ur trying to undermine & ruin President Trump.
.@SenJohnMcCain, if you really love your country more than your job, join #TheResistance. The Russia scandal runs deep. @Krejcikova13
What in hell has happened? Russians got us by the balls. Don't trust Trump et al. Please get the truth or we're finished.
Sir, you are one of only 4 GOP Senators who have any integrity left. We implore you to lead the charge to investigate @POTUS
do what you know is right. Push for a full independent investigation.
Isn't now time with the Tuesday night revelations of repeated contacts for the Republicans to do something to stop this?!
you're our only hope.
