Why do you behave like a Democrat? Help our President. Stop stalling everything.
I sure wish Arizona would vote this clown out! #TermLimits
Arizona will be voting him out. No worries. Helping the democrats stall govt is not going to end well for him.
@Ludy3333 @SenJohnMcCain AGAIN - He just got re-elected. He's in for 6 more years.
Well that's some very depressing news. #TermLimits #GetOut
Don't you know how your gov't works, voter? SMH
I know once the new Texas law hits the US Supreme Court, your baby killing days are over. #SmokeThat
It never will. And the only ones who kill babies are Republitards that teach abstinence instead of BC.
country before party! Investigate trump and his entire staff
GO Hell Away if You Stand N Our Way, "We The People" Will VOTE You Out of Office
U r being an obstacle...more than the democrats.  Puppet of the media.  I do hope your constituents vote you out.
McCain a wrecking ball .... decade delay on tanker aircraft...Over the hill.   / elite crony /  30 years fails...
Honor and bipartisanship is the way it should be Republican or Democrat for the good of our country. DT is neither.
John your constitutiants are trying to reach your offices by phone to tell you to support Trump now!!
do you even care what we think?
please help us get rid of Trump...
big surprise.Get over your personal vendetta against Trump. Very immature
john boy you are wrong
please start supporting President Trump. Liberals never do that
OK but cut out waste & prgms the Gens don't want F35, keep the gd stuff A10 & fight trrsm w/ ppl, data & help 4 cvlns
@LouiseMensch WTH is wrong with our YUGE military?  What are we after? Total world domination? Might does not make right.
@LouiseMensch @POTUS The only thing wrong with our military system is the way vets are treated after you use them up. #shame
. He constantly criticizes Trump  but never oppose when it really counts.
you should stop with the @Potus thing. You cannot straddle the fence for much longer.
What the hell is going on?
finally, action over words.

why would support a draft dodger and serial coward rework the greatest military on earth?
-  we currently spend $600 billion / year on the military; more than Russian and China combined.
how can you support anything he's doing!!
no one is listening anymore to what you're saying old man!
You're irrelevant. No one cares about your vote. 
#MAGA
because McCain is a horses ass. thats why.
Agree, he also wrongly calls #SocialSecurity an entitlement when in fact it's an annuity for which #Taxpayers paid for
guess you didn't care when Hillary and Obama danced with the Russians.. seriously
stop acting like a dem.. is soros in your pocket also..
John McCain--Thank You for your service--now just please go away as you are currently clueless.
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS we long for the day that you retire.
McCain, who got to you? Soros?
change your party affiliation to Dem. You either vote no or don't show & making USA look bad at meeting. Obama pawn. Resign.
Sen McCain in the past i have been a fan but lately not so much. you are acting more like the cry baby Dems who lost @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS
-  you are a RINO.  Makes me ashamed to be Navy.
I support your positions on the military, but am still resentful of your DeVos vote & your blatant disregard of AZ children.
John is a Democrat, and will get voted out I bet you! Bye John Boy!
you need to be standing up to the orange conman. This is out of control
Dear @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS, were you not present during the de-construction of our military?  Time to take responsibility for your role!
If your truly a Republican stop siding with democrats.
Thank you for your NO vote, but next time bring others with you
#stopPruitt vote no on Pruitt
as a Vet we do not need to build up our military especially at the cost to the adverage citizen. It's a huge budget
udidnt spend those years in Trump Tower U spent them in Hanoi Hilton being tortured. Time to defend USA again . Stop Trump
Here's what you should do soldier, fall in line and quit making the rest of your troops suffer and carry your weight.
John you are trying to hurt Trump anyway you can, your  are just a bitter, jealous old fart that needs to retire . Bye
HE NEEDS TO BE RECALLED. Come on Arizona get the process rolling.
And you leave before Pruitt vote, you should have stayed. Germany is NOT more important than Our government working.
be a hero again. Save America. The president lies all day and night. Russia owns him
Funny how you people said McCain is evil now that he says something against Trump you guys praise him? Just like Bush
please wait on your Pruitt vote until we see what the 3000 emails reveil
No on Pruitt too!!
Poor decision.
When did our ALL VOLUNTEER FORCES become weak? Will the draft be used; Eric, DJT JR, Ivanka and Tiffany to join?
getting ready for another war?
TY and pls encourage other sane R senators to also vote no ornthe seniors in this country are in trouble.
please, Senator McCain, vote no on Pruitt
loyalty to the Repub. party is paramount what the hell are you doing. Thinking your a deep down Democrat #disapointed
What R U doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!
I see why-found your old friends your meeting with and tell negatives to STOP THIS
What did you think about the press conference today?
Afraid Mulvaney will rein in the drunken sailor defense spending going on in Arizona? Help! Don't hinder Senator!
You can be more effective being collaborative rather than standing on principles by penalizing past votes
You sir are an embarrassment for all Reps. Why can't you be part of the solution. Instead ur the problem.
repeat after me, I am not the President, I lost big league! Support our President, senator.
Thank you for a limited attempt to balance POTUS power: but DeVos was a bad call.
Arizona is watching you
I am calling on Phoenix FOX and NBC channel 12 to investigate you going rogue on AZ
You are not being at all helpful Mr. M.  The President is fighting for the people against so many foes. Chose sides!
Always taking such meaningful actions.  Such a leader.
Just wondering who's paying for all this ???
Isee Democrats are flooding yout acct. They know you are the weak link.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain ! The maverick is back! #standuptopotus @POTUS
Sen McCain odd coming from you who so blatantly voted against our military for years. You've  changed your position?
... Voting like A CONSERVATIVE. Done might call it being a team player... Only on the right team.. Unlike you.
pls have a backbone, u know we are on a collision course. Be the 1st to stand up to this lunatic, the others will follow.
you are a big part of the swamp, John. AZ obviously have a lot of low information Voters or Kelly would be up there .
Get out of the swamp or get drained.  You work for us and we want you supporting this president!
RINO RINO. I see no conflict in the issues you site for a NO vote. I truly hope AZ voters send you home next time.
Of course you will. Ur a Democrat wearing a Republican costume. What the hell
You support his pledge but not his nominee? Does that really make sense to you? #TermLimits #DTS
because you are nothing more than a traitor
POTUS will rebuild the military. You can help by supporting him and his Cabinet.
You remind us of Sen Lowell Weicker in the Watergate era. Hard to be so courageous. Good man
sealed your fate with millions of Republicans that now realize you ARE a RINO Stupid answer OMB works for @POTUS
I know the truth of your involvement with Lincoln Savings and Loan. I was there. I am the one named the white ghost.
You do realize the country is relying on you to continue making tough brave decisions not popular with the RParty.
Right decision, WRONG reason!
You are damaging the Republican Party and are on your own ego trip. You lost the 2008 election - get over it!
thank you sir
I'll forgive all your transgressions if you agree to do a full investigation of the Russian connection.  Please fight!
John that's not what your people voted for you to do. Time for you to go home.
Per today's totally delusional press conference, please help the American people.
Quit stalling and cut my taxes! Stop acting like a friggin' Democrat!!  You're still my hero
...we need help to get rid of this #illegitimatePresident JOHN..help us..
rebuilding our military ?What's wrong with our military?Building for war?
you are senile McCain
you need to stop acting like a scorned child!!
WE in SC won't forget this snub by you We won't forget
Why didn't you oppose Betsy DeVos? and nothing on Trumps collusion with Russia. SHAME on you and all the cowardly GOP!
Please retire and get out of the way
You act like liberal democratic, why?
you don't listen thus you don't understand. We voted for a change. Build a stronger military while cutting waste.
you don't support anything President Trump does, who are you kidding
Get Trumps cabinet done. It is your job. I hope You  get voted out for causing obstruction.
losing for too long McCain. You and that military shit is quite old like yourself.#youwerecapture#nohero
Thanks for putting country first ahead of party, politics & special interests!
just work as a republican and support our President.
If you support him stop being so negative
Please investigate Russian ties to Trump & have his taxes released.  We won't be settled until we know truth.
Thank you for voting country before party. We need a competent cabinet. American safety & integrity is a bi-partisan issue.
Thank you for voting "no" on Mulvaney.
Looks like we didn't need your vote!
Thank you from across the aisle. Please remember to vote your conscience over party lines in the future too.
I disagree with this, we need to reign in our spending and a balanced budget (read: not a wall)
McCain just switch parties already You had a hard on for Obama now you have a hard on against Trump
beats you again. Stop being a Defense Dept lackey and war monger. Have you ever seen Defense spending you didn't like?
Thank you!
drain the swamp- this load needs to go!
We don't care Senator, you've shown your true colors several times!
there's a reason you didn't become president... stand behind ours or get off the ship! Go become a Dem
If you cannot see that @POTUS has lost his mind you are once again in chains #SaveAmerica
why the heck did you not do anything about VA
Country before Party.  Thank you Sir
thanks for using your judgement mccain. You have to do what is best for America not what is best for Trump
Mulvaney said he would support trump on military spending but should be offset by non-def. spending.
stands with Democrats again.
Are you really a democrat ??  Most think so !!
Mulvaney said he would support trump on military spending but should be offset by non-def. spending.
Support the Potus...we have to get things done
Please, please,please do what is right and just for this country-deeply investigate this man and his administration.
There IS no fool like an old fool. You shame your party and your country. Please retire. Shame on you.
UR PART of the SWAMP, johnnyBOYThanks for serving our CountryNOW GET off OUR TEAM!Ya Holdin'up PROGRESS!
OMB administers. U let old Potus operate w/o bdgt. FY14 DoD was 594 bil. Object for OCO is petty. All at fault 4 sm AF
For the sake of the free world, you need to stop this insanity. How can you allow Russia to have so much control? Impeach now
HELP US!!! GOD HELP US!!! This is pure insanity!! #IMPEACHTRUMP
Slug
thank you for standing up against this train wreck!
cmon McCain let's all work together Semper Fi Sir
Stop stalling. The voters want Trump's kind of change.
You've have served this country for over 60 years. You love this country. You need to stand up against the Russian connection
You people need to express to Americans to support this country,  and stop fueling the enemies. You freaks!
Veteran or not, you are pathetic. Used to have such respect for you but no more. Just as bad as Dems. Obstructing!
To bad you didn't have more support to defeat Mulvaney. Good try though.
support for Trump on any level is questionable.  Halt business of the day and focus on Trump and his involvement with Putin.
Hey Johnny, who took Abramoff's place funneling money to you? I see where you got money from Soros, who else?
you will be voting "no" because you hate the republican party. You are a globalist democrat.
Ple4ase say NO to PRUITT too.  he will be a disaster 4 EPA & 4 our health,well-being
#disappointed in senators vote
I still don't know why you call yourself a Republican! You undermine everything that our POTUS is trying to do. #RINO
mr. McCain you have enjoyed your last vote from me!! Arizona deserves better!!
Great! Take on #PollutingPruitt next.
GOOD. But you must also vote NO on Pruitt. Be reasonable. Be on the right side of History.
Thank you Senator. I urge you to put our country before party. Please investigate Trump! We are all in danger!
you always second gess
It looks like republicans eat their own,abandon their Veteran hero's too doesn't it John?
If you have any whip,use it!
term limits
YOU NEED TO SUPPORT ALL of POTUS' CABINET PICKS. PERIOD. Correction frm prev post.
