McCain, you do know rich Republicans don't want less well-off, older, culturally diverse Americans to have access to health care, don't you?
sad u actually feel that way - unfortunately it's not based in fact
No it's based on past actions
please explain what you mean by past actions? I'm interested - really
Every bill they've tried to push through, cuts funding for the poor and taxes for the wealthy.
I respectfully feel that is a very general: broad statement -
Unfortunately, your feelings don't count against facts. All the HC bills they've proposed do exactly what was said above
No it's actually a good thing that brenda's feelings don't count. She's not very bright.

Do you still believe this Senator?
I wish I could believe you on this. But I am afraid that you will vote for this mean-spirited poorly-written bill. Please prove me wrong.
And thank you for proving me wrong. Much appreciated.
Part of your statement is an utter lie. ACA wasn't written on party-line: conservative idea w/ GOP input; GOP played politics & cast 0 votes
Exactly! It's all they know how to do is lie. You think we do not remember what your party did and why there were zero votes?
Don't have a clue do U?Easily googled. You're being played for a fool. DIMMS lie & followers parrot
Update and strengthen the ACA. What is wrong with you people? Stop caving in to the GOP. Everyone knows what to do. Do it!
When do you think this is going to happen?
You are disingenuous in the right direction, @SenJohnMcCain.
End the mean/draconian idea of "repeal" ~ please work with #GOP and #DEMS on innovation, caring policy to strengthen and improve #ACA. TY 
Thank you so much for being a sane and reasonable voice!! Hope you are feeling better. Thank you, Senator

Signed
A dem
You're thanking him for flying back & casting a vote to allow the Republican bill to repeal ACA to proceed?If he didn't vote Y it was dead.
No Repubs need to work with Dems to improve ACA since you couldn't pass you own bill.
please stand strong regarding your statement here My kid sister has a pre-existing heart condition which WILL require surgery. We NEED ACA
Thank you 
Robber robs bank, declares passionately "We should stop robbing banks. It's wrong!" (Gets called a hero)
Repeal now RINO. The voters will speak.
If they Repeal it we will speak.
We...thats French right?
The French word is "oui".
Do you really believe that the Democrats will return to regular order? If they were in charge they would ram through everything they wanted!
They're not going to do that. They're going to make healthcare out of reach for millions to give billionaires a tax cut. #IMMORAL.
We HAD quality affordable healthcare. It was called the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. Could have fixed minor issues w/ that instead of killing ppl.
If only you listened to your own words....
Would You please stop giving hardworking taxpayers money to Medicaid and those that refuse to work
Those that work in the medical field see the misuse and abuse of Medicaid dollars and you senators do nothing to correct this waste of money
I work in healthcare and see the good Medicaid does it is the largest insurer of children, helps keep elderly at home and I support gladly
It does have some good as far as children most elderly have medicare which they paid into time to see the major abuses and stop them
Rewriting history. The Republicans decided not to work with Obama no matter what.
Repeal and replace - liar!
Is call ACA . Fix it that is what the American people wants !! ACA SAVE LIVES !! Trump care is a tax cut for the rich !! Fight for USA PP !!
Tell that to the states republicans didn't intentionally sabotage the process.
With your yes vote on MTP you are a liar! Hold your head in shame knowing that the citizens of the USA know you are a LIAR!
They aren't. Will you?
Today is the day you can make that happen!
Please vote no on MTP
You are my hero!
Please take care of our children, women, men (Vets, emergency personnel, teachers, etc) of Arizona, (NOT greedy politicians in DC.
Stand by your words, sir. AZ governor says NO.
Remember this tweet? Please insist on return to regular order. Please vote NO on MTP.
Wishing you well, BUT you don't mean a word of this if you vote in favor of #trumpcare tomorrow !!!!!
Let's see it tomorrow. No motion to proceed. No repeal without a replacement that doesn't jeopardize people's lives and budgets.
This is exactly why you need to vote NO on the MTP & go back to regular order to craft a bipartisan plan for healthcare. Don't abandon vets.
"Congress must now return to reg order & listen to govs on bill to provide access to quality, affordable healthcare" https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=B2B6EBD7-6DF4-4E2D-BB59-98B40EAAA784 …
Vote NO to TrumpCare aka TRUMPNOCARE
The entire reason your tumor was found? Access to healthcare.
Don't deny that access to regular Americans
Do you know what's in this bill?  Do the governors?  Could we try to come up with something better not different?  Holding out hope on you.
Please don't vote to make the insurance companies win & the people loose. Pre existing conditions r forever & handed down. People will die!
Please Sen. McCain....do NOT let Mitch ram thru an awful health bill.  
You be well!  WIth admiration, @SmilingLynn1
@SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski All Agree with You Sir @tribelaw @LambdaLegal @ACLU Lawfirm
Involve Kasich
At least Republicans have one voice of reason amongst them. Good luck with your treatment.
I applaud your impressive record on healthcare.  We are fortunate to have you fighting for healthcare which can benefit all Americans.
May GOD bless you with a quick recovery!
U can help by voting YES on HC Bill
Yes, Democrats and Republicans must work together to come up with a plan or fix the problems with Obamacare.
Fight this disease! May God be with you in the battle. Thank you for all of your service to our country 
Let's hope it is healthcare as good as that which we taxpayers pay for you. Wishing you best in your battle with cancer @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain  Are you saying you want the the current zombie bill tabled and the ACA fixed? Btw, I have first hand experience w/brain CA 1
I empathize with the journey you have in front of you. 
Con Razon este Viejo Loco quiere meter a #USA en una Guerra con #Rusia @DonaldTrumpESP No quiere morir solo #TROPA #Cancer @ConElMazoDando
Thank you Senator McCain for speaking the truth, and for continuing to inspire all of us. 
Wishing you a speedy recovery.
best wishes, sir
Hopefully democrats will now be included. The 13 GOP men behind closed doors, was a bad idea from the start. Start over. Fix the ACA!
Please make it bipartisan. Try to fix what doesn't work in ACA. Please care about citizens health
Sending prayers for your recovery, Senator McCain.  We need you!
God will give you strength as in past. Forgive @POTUS 4 hero remark. Have always been his hero! Reflex remark/no thought 2 consequence/pain!
2/2...you and your family remain in my prayers!  Sending love and healing light your way!  God bless you, Senator, & thanks for everything!
Sen McCain, I have never agreed with you politically, and like never will.  Yet you are a man of integrity whom I respect..... 1/2
You've mostly been a reasonable Senator. Glad to see that again! No idea how they said you're one of the worst. But Palin was a bad call, js
Heartfelt prayers as u make this journey with Cancer.  Cancer knows no party, Know that many DEMS care and pray 4 you. God bless +
Wishing you a full recovery!
Yes, by all means let's listen to Kasich & Co. & expand Medicaid until we're completely broke. /sarcasm
Congress must now return to reg order & listen to govs on bill to provide access to quality, affordable healthcare https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=B2B6EBD7-6DF4-4E2D-BB59-98B40EAAA784 …
I wish you well in your treatment for brain tumor. I hope this experience will strengthen your will to support healthcare for ALL Americans.
only single payer can work. get well soon
And join with Dems and open hearings and public transparency. R's promised not only repeal but better health care replacement. Keep ur word
The bill sucks and you know it.  Just repeal.  Americans are not stupid.  What donor are you appeasing?  Doesn't matter now, does it?
sorry about your brain, do you have good coverage? will this change your vote?
Beat this Senator!  You even have the support of Democrats like me. :)
Wishing you a speedy recovery, Senator McCain.
#getwellsoon #TheResistance
Keeping you in my thoughts and prayers @SenJohnMcCain
Please do not support repeal/replace of current bill, regardless of pressure from POTUS. This needs to be a bipartisan effort. Include Dems.
@SenateMajLdr won't tell anyone what plan or if they are voting.  Back behind closed doors, playing politics with people's lives.
They are refusing to run the replace plan with the Cruz amendment through the CBO office.  Insurance companies say it's unworkable.
Repeal CBO score is in today.  2 million of the 17 million people losing coverage in 2018 would be losing EMPLOYER-BASED coverage.
Ya think? Single Payer NIW!
Or you could just leave the thing that works - ie Obamacare - in place and get on with getting rid of the  before he destroys the USA.
Congress (Republicans)needs to work as a team and do what's best for the American people.  Right now we have "individual" self serving reps

@SenateGOP I have never seen such a bunch of Worthless & Incompetent politicians in my life!! All talk no action!!
"PATHETIC"
@POTUS @GOP
Government needs to stay out of the Healthcare business.
Be a leader and do something about that
I'm glad you follow me to see what is fucked up. Dude I would too many skeletons
Hypocrite....Didnt you vote to repeal Obamacare in 2015???  Cant wait for the next primary season.
Done voting GOP.  F You Sen McRino.   You will create  speaker Pelosi.
Sir, I wish you a full and speedy recovery. We need patriots in our gov't. Also, please work with Dems to improve ACA, not repeal.
Noticed that as a vet, you didn't go to a VA hospital. You chose the Mayo Clinic. Why is that?
Just get out of health care business. Oh that's right u r on public support. Too long in government and
Senator you were a true war hero but as a senator you're failing the citizens of Az. get off your rich ass and pass healthcare
I would never lend you my vote again
And you need to step down along with senator Flake
@JeffFlake The #Republicans need to work with #Democrats to fix #ACA
It's conceivable that there will be no "regular order" in DC until the legitimacy of the current president is put to rest once and for all.
Go back to bed
Not only retire. .....but shut up! O Care has to be repealed completely,  then let the free market work.
Please vote to repeal!

Who died and made you boss
Maybe you could also take this advise.....#RepealAndReplace
Thank you for choosing people over party!
Yes Sir. The country needs both parties to rise above partisan politics for the sake of its citizens.
The federal government should not bail out the mistakes and excesses of the state governors.  States rely too much on "free" Fed money.
I appreciate your sensible approach. There needs to be an inclusive process that listens to average working class Americans. Thank you.
I hope this means you won't vote for McConnell's ridiculous proposal to repeal now & replace later. That would cause too much uncertainty.
McCain you need to be replaced. We the people want it repealed fully. That's why you were voted in. Do it or pay the price in the future.
Nothing the GOP is planning will come close to offering that. They're more concerned with tax cuts for the super rich.
I like ObamaCare. Leave it alone.
I urge all those who care about decency to respond to this left wing monster/fake journalist.
Do your job, protect ALL Americans. Dont let DT destroy health care. Fix the ACA and work across party lines
the America citizens that would b devasted without their healthcare. Please vote NO. I wish u well sir, I pray you have a speedy recovery
They sure do senator and try working with the current administration like you did the last 8 years.
different it would have been for you if you were poor and uninsured facing the surgery you just went through. Please think about of all...
have one request for you, when you return to Washington and McConnell and Ryan try to get you to vote on repealing the ACA think how much...
I am a democrat and I have always liked you Mr. McCain. I believe you are a kind and caring man. Thank you for your statement but I do...
PLEASE! Let's work on bipartisan fixes to ACA issues. People deserve better than the past 5 months of cruel pointlessness.
That's called passing the buck. That seems about all you guys can do
And hopefully stop all the short cuts.
Happy you are feeling better, prayers for your speedy recovery.
SENATOR HAVE GOP AND DEMS TO EITHER FIX THE ACA !OR DRAFT A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL !WORK TOGETHER!
http://Absolutely.Now  Trump +extreme right working to replace honorable Senators with their puppets.All should be concerned @BrookeBCNN
Not the government's job repeal it and let free market take over  socialised med doesn't work anywhere
Senator, An idea for u & congress. Think of the perfect healthcare utopia plan. Figure out SPECIFICALLY what it costs... Trim from there
#POTUS and #GOP yes
Will you stop sbatoging our GOP & Pres?
Whatever healthcare bill we end up with, u all should have it too
Three women stepped up, but you didn't.
Thank you, Senators  @SenatorCollins  @SenCapito and  @lisamurkowski Murkowski.
Well at least you are getting YOUR quality healthcare, paid for by taxpayers.
So tell me Senator when did u become a democrat and why was it ok for you to lament to the 2 Russian DJ s calling them commrads.
If GOP Govs. wouldn't have fought ACA in SCOTUS, actuarial assumptions wouldn't have been screwed up. Allow for this and ACA will stabilize
Years and years ago there were two parties with different opinions of how to reach their goals but the end result was always the same...
Do right by the people, for the people and I. The end the party line won't matter as the people will have been served either way.
For reasons much different than Morning Joe, I am out of party too. Good luck running country into the ground instead of making hard choices
By the way, as a group the Reps are pathetic. Will always eat their own and grandstand. Or hold hostage like Alaska, Nebraska and Louisiana
Get out of healthcare. It's not a federal issue.
Thank you Sen McCain for reintroducing sanity. We need to get back to governing as our founders outlined in the Constitution.
Yes! Thank you very much! Amen!
Thank God for the voice of reason.
Repeal obamacare now! Do not want a single payer system,
Like the quality, affordable healthcare that you have access to RIGHT THIS MINUTE?

How about working with Democrats? It's time to put country over party. Your job depends on it. Repeal n don't replace all of GOP. We r done.
The Government should have no place in healthcare. Why are you not using the VA for your healthcare btw?
You mean GOP needs to stop the 7yrs of lying about how terrible obama care is? GOP needs to actually govern for the people, not corporations
#VoteNo to repeal #ACA Senator! 32 million more #Americans do not deserve to be without #healthcare! #SaveACA #SaveOurCare
As you chide your fearless leader you couldn't resist throwing out the tried and true lie about the ACA being jammed down your throat. SAD!
That's on you guys. The GOP is the one who forced the left out. You can't expect the other side to hold the majority accountable.
With all due respect, @SenateGOP @HouseGOP must muster courage and deliver a free-market, quality health care and ignore critics.
If @POTUS wasn't so prideful he would just fix the ACA and be done with it; oh that's right the republicans branded it Obama Care so...
They have to get rid of it at all cost.  Do what's right for the people and controversies would start to go away, but I guess this is to ...
...easy.  Country before party 100%!!!
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio @anyone that will listen!!!!
Medicaid should be tweeked, like drug testing and other things, but to cut by trillions will be devastating to millions! Don't cut medicaid!
Senator please get people involved that actually know about healthcare- doctors & nurses   The backbone of our healthcare system
Praying for your complete recovery and thank you sir for standing up for All Americans! Say NO to repeal only!
Your medical procedure would cost the average American about $80k. Of course you've never had to worry about medical cost. Think about it.
That's not the gov't job!!! It's govt job to not mess up the market so bad that healthcare becomes unaffordable
They could just go back to the way it was.  Take your money for years and kick you off when you are sick...
You infuriate me! There are no words!
Please vote NO to repeal our healthcare. Thank you for your service to America and ALL her people.  Thank you for voting NO!!!!
So, your telling @SenateMajLdr it won't matter if you return? #HealthcareBill
Well, senator, you need to tell that to McConnell and the other overzealous GOP that want to kill us. #NeverRepeal
You and 51 other senators signed a repeal bill in 2015, summit that one, oh that's right YOU don't want to repeal Obamacare. We're not dumb
#REPEALaca #repeal #freemarket #getaclue
Whatever you all R&D decide, You guys,should have to participate in whatever plan you come up with for the rest of us. No waivers for anyone
Unfortunately.... Not a chance.
Thank God there is a sane person in the Senate.  Get the Governors best proposals then let the health committee's in Congress build a bill!
the voice of reason, such a respected Man.  Please get better ... from a Democrat, American.  @NicolleDWallace has your back
And now @SenateMajLdr wants to repeal & replace later which will instantly increase premiums by 20-25%. 18mill kicked in first year. #happy?
@bdomenech Get well senator. You have retirement from senate coming soon.
ACA is not affordable and you guys need to get something done. We've been waiting yrs for a solution!!
#universalhealthcare
I applaud your sense of reason.
Senator, GOP had 8+ years to listen.  The lifestyle elected & appointed officials enjoy vs the constituency who sent them speaks badly.
Republicans were given a clear mandate. Full repeal of Obamacare. If you fail at that, all your butts will be on the streets in 2018.
Senator, you and your level-headed colleagues MUST restore order, and quash the politicization of our national healthcare crisis.  #PREVAIL
...and, of course, you have our best wishes for a safe and speedy recovery!
Single payer please!
I have to buy coverage on the exchange and I have one choice.
Thanks for nothing as usual.
Please recover sir. Our nation needs your bipartisan perspective. Get well soon. Thank you.
Thank you Senator McCain!   Best wishes for a speedy recovery and thanks for being a voice of reason.
Thank you, Senator for thinking of others while you are recovering. Agree that nation needs bipartisan effort. Recover soon. 
Shame on the Freedom Caucus and other Republicans for undermining the Trump Administration!!!!
And Americans need to remove the two party system.  Neither of you work for the people anymore. @DNC @GOP
You just might want to listen to your constituents for a change. Ppl matter, yes
Best wishes for your recovery Senator and gratitude for your statement on repairing ACA.
Hey Jonnie so glad you have insurance you can depend on. Wouldn't it be great if all Americans had that?
Hey Jonnie Dems had much debate and hearings on Ocare. They got it passed without Repubs because Repubs chose not to work with them.
