All this money for death and destruction, but no money for healthcare?. How does this make any sense?
Not the government's job to give freeloaders insurance but it's their job to defend us from enemies both foreign and domestic.
You mean like guys with $10 with of boxcutters and others who bought $100k worth of FB ads?.  Need $700 billion more to defend against that?
Yep
More importantly will you be voting no on the new healthcare bill?
No to no
We need single payer more.  We spend ent$ on the military.
Waste of money.  How many times over do you need to destroy the plant?????  You're right on Healthcare, and dead wrong on this :(
So you'll support stripping Americans with preexisting conditions (like you) of their insurance for this??
What about voting to repeal the $3,000 annual tax that poor and middle class people have to pay for Obamacare.
Vote no Graham-Cassidy. It's going to kill Americans.
yest must.
You know what would help over million veterans. Not taking their healthcare away. No vote #GrahamCassidy please.
Great!  For a fraction of that we could all be insured
Sir, I respectfully request that you don't kill the ACA and replace it with the trainwreck being proposed by the GOP.
Don't worry.  The RINO will have no problem raising his arms above his head to be the last vote for "thumbs down".
You seem like a wonderful person...or Russian bot account or whatever.
You seem like a communist sympathizer.
Do I pick a fight with a paid troll from some Eastern European slum hole, or go get lunch? 

Lunch!
Please protect us from bad health care bills as well! Continue to support the return to good order , work w/ dems!!!
The country thanks you for your no vote on Trumpcare. Please repeat next week. A bad bill that will cost many lives! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
How can this be okay with you? Stand up for what you know is right. Don't condemn others to death for something that could have killed you.
Well thank goodness it wasn't for the veterans because if it were you would have voted against it
Nice that this new health care bill will cut funding for vets. I hope McCain makes the right call and votes this POS bill down.
Me too
Support the POTUS, that's what he and we wanted.
That is exactly why he needs to vote no.Trump is not going to be in office for long hopefully. McCain is above being bullied by nationalists
You call it how you want, I call it how I want. I will be voting for Trump again and next time I vote for a GOP Senator in AZ, i expect GOP
Just what the USA needs, more military
#Trump the westie irrelevant when draft dodger Top Dog taunting Kim taking US & world to nuclear brink bark unfit. he alled you unworthy
Did you realize that 1.75 million veterans depend on Medicaid, which will be gutted by Cassidy-Graham?
How fitting to do that with the launch of the Ken Burns special "The Vietnam War". Check PBS for listings.
Hurrah more military waste at the cost of social programs.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy 
We're putting our faith in you. We're putting lives in your hands. Don't let this be your legacy!!
Alot of PORK Senator.
Great to see you back leading the country !
What are you doing for veterans?
@votevets @commondefense
Save health care for Americans! Vote No! Do the right thing.
Your priorities are messed up.
'cause we don't already spend more on the military than the next twenty countries combined. What ever happened to debt?
Ridiculous! We are on our way to BECOMING North Korea.
Is this how they try to buy your vote for Graham-Cassidy?  Please vote no again.

#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
At the expense of US health, education, and  services.  Spend it on people to make US strong.
SEN MCCAIN,PLEEEEEEEEASE PASS A SUPERIOR TECH DEFENCE BILL,AND I MEAN "SUPERIOR" AND "TECH" 1ST
Medicare for all! Crooked lobbyists special interests and big pharma have fleeced us enough. Drain the sewer! @POTUS @DRUDGE_REPORT
Heathcare vs weapons of destruction?Why is this being allowed to happen?45 has no morals.He commitment Treason to win.We can't ignore truth
Please help our country fight for what is morally right We have the biggest threat to our country sitting in the WH. He is a delusional liar
If you vote yes for this health care bill next week the majority of your followers and fans are going to be very disappointed.
I agree, he emerged like an angel and saved the country from passing a disgraceful healthcare plan.I pray he does the right thing  again
He'll vote yes on the health bill because he got his military spending bill. Just hoping I'm wrong.
TOO LATE TO SAVE THE 137 YOU KILLED ON THE FORRESTALL...WET START? EGO BOY! BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS
While simultaneously trying to take healthcare away from millions of people because we can't afford it. Riiiight.
Please vote against this latest so-called healthcare bill. We want to live as much as you do. Please don't forget us.
Ok!  How many different reports do you need to share?  The Senate approved a bill to spend gojillions on the military. We'll need it for NK!
You really are a dinosaur, just wanting to go down the same old paths that lead nowhere. Now, onto huge tax cuts for the wealthy!

Very well, build a strong team , we will see him in 2020
Can't stand you, but I'm glad Defense Bill passed.
I agree. McCain may be trying to save face.  As a Vet. I respect his service and any thing positive anyone could do for the Military.
Fix my health care
I'm glad this is happening, but please don't cave on the health care bill. We need you to stand by your earlier statements re: process.

Giving them plenty of $$ to enable wars, but cut their access to healthcare???
Now take care our Traitors!!
I'm sure Johnboy tried to figure out a way to over turn it or throw us under the bus, he is good at that
How many POWs were left alive in Vietnam?How many records did you bury from the US people and the love ones of the POWs.What a disgrace.
No brainer.
More war. What a surprise
The military oath that McCain took no man left behind was buried by McCain and others.The POWs in Vietnam.McCain broke his oath & lied.
Great more military spending but not on the veterans and my health care cost more than my car payment
Do NOT pass Graham/Cassidy #RegularOrder #KillTheBill #Trumpcare
More money to defense contractors, less money for health care, tax cuts for the wealthy, what a party Repugs are.
Now Vote No on The GrahamCassidy Bill please @SenJohnMcCain #PreExistingCondition
How bout our healthcare john .. 

Retool Obamacare.. let us live ..
NO #GrahamCassidyBill !  Do not take away protections for those with pre-exisiting conditions!
Boosting the bottom line for Corporations does nothing to improve the quality of life for the majority of Americans; #HealthCareForAll will
I'm sure the military spending will be in Vietnam to get back the 1600 POWs he left behind to be killed when no leverage was left.
I'm wondering how much is to much military spending ???
I believe it's billions of dollars going to the military .Money that would solve Healthcare problems and much more.45 is gearing up for war
Your legacy will be that you helped socialized medicine.  Please vote for Lindsey's bill.  Stop being an obstructionist.
Please vote no on the healthcare plan that will harm so many Americans
Money need to build bases in rich countries thanks to the $US taxpayers:
If Americans are busy dying because of the #Graham-Cassidy bill then WHAT are y'all defending?
@SenJohnMcCain ..YOU get 700 BILLION for Pentagon

BUT HEALTHCARE ... is so hard to fund

COPPING OUT, don't rely on http://A.Z.Gov 
Now you need to vote no on new ACA repeal bill.
Oh good, McCain/Petraus gets more arms, dark money, DU, drugs and organs to Harvest for the UAE Royals. #AwanContra
It's just a matter of time McCain. You'll be out in 2018. You screwed up with the thumbs down on Ovimitcare. Bye Bye.
This bill is a joke on the veterans. This bill is to waste money on the corrupted spending on thing we don't need.
Please take the lead on healthcare just like you have on defense, Senator.  Another thumbs down on Graham-Cassidy.  Please, sir.
This must be done 
Fine, but then you intend to throw veterans off healthcare?  How can you boost military spending and trash veterans?
Vote No on horrendous health take away bill.  Your legacy depends on it.
Why are you putting Americans through this ACA repeal again? We don't want it. How much clearer can we be?
Hold true, @SenJohnMcCain. Allow bipartisan healthcare to continue, don't take healthcare away from millions. It's the right thing to do.
more war toys. no health care. no tax relief. no infrastructure, no wall.   Just more war toys.  makes ya go hummmmmm
You sure you don't want to vote against like healthcare!
I have faith in you! Vote NO! All of the respect I have gained for you over the past few weeks could disappear in an instant...
Why? We need healthcare and infrastructure, not more military.
Hey #Arizona What the hell is wrong with you!
How about they just learn how to DRIVE the ships Johnny
No on cares what you say Songbird 
No #GrahamCassidy

#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare is a major threat to vets health care. Tell the Senate to #ProtectOurCare & #KillTheBill https://www.trumpcareten.org/ 
