Senator, he's not right in the head! Wont stop circumventing the laws, rules, etc until he holds all the power. Why not start impeachment?
He is writing exec orders just like Obama did. Because no one would work with them. Both have tried.
Retire please its time. We know you will never work with him!!!  And retirement should be 75 max.   Term limits
PLZ SAVE OUR COUNTRY FROM HIM! EVERY MOVE HE MAKES IS N RUSSIA'S BEST INTEREST, NOT OURS! WHY CANT YOU GUYS SEE THAT?
SIDE BAR, PLZ GET WELL
John, please retire, you have 1 foot in, but your mouth got there already, time to put this country out of YOUR misery, retire.
Better idea: Get @realDonaldTrump out of the White House!
Better idea, get all the Liberals and Dems out of the WH.
They are out of the WH.  And the GOP still can't get anything done.
Swamp
And filling with a new swamp which is more ineffective than the last swamp.
Oh I see WA. Of course.
Your tweet history looks like a Russian bot.  Haha.
Maybe !! Ty. But u sure got the point. Trump !!! 2020.
Please make them do something to help Puerto Rico.
How bout you help Puerto Rico
Y’all always say that, I missed when I got that power.
You have the power to use your finances to help Puerto Rico.. #mindbogglingiknow the thought of using your own finances..don’t be selfish.
Even better!You hv a lot of time on your hands make yourself useful and help Puerto Rico..be apart of the solution not the problem #handson



How about working w/POTUS for a change instead of Dems. The left always whining to you here shows they depend on you to obstruct. Resign!
I'm not glad at all. What is being sacrificed for that obscene price tag?
John you don’t know what the hell youre doing - you’re against @potus & the American ppl- your cancer is effecting your ability to serve
How much commission you are going to receive this time?
Defence is the most important thing for a nation democrats are holding America back
Thank you Senator for being a voice of reason.
Your kidding right. He needs to resign and get medical help. Should be age limit . 75 max
but NOT WITH YOU.
Instead of tax cuts fix ACA and worked towards a balanced budget. We are leaving a mess for future generations as it stands now.
You didn't care when Obama added $10 trillion of our $20 trillion debt.  And now you want  to balance the budget? Give me a break!
would you please tell your fellow senators to get a backbone and impeach this man?! now he wants to do away with the free press! HELP!
Retire already! You are a leftist OBSTRUCTIONIST! YOU HAVE OVERSTAYED YR WELCOME!
And how do u propose he does that when you all have worked so hard to sabotage his efforts???
The Do Nothing Senate.  How can one work with "Do nothingers?  Rep Senators you, Collins, Corker and Alaska do Nothing,  Anti rep.
Love all the Democrats replying to @SenJohnMcCain tweets. What does that tell you Patriots?
Tells me that Democrats r smarter than Republicans, nicer too.
Antifa? Wow, wake up!!! Dems are the most violent party around. Violence is all they know.
I'll tell the parents of the kid run over by Nazis
tell me a "White Supremacist" is any worse than this shit

DICTADURA NARCO GOVERNMENT OF VENEZUELA AS Tareck El Aissami, DIOSDADO HAIR AND GENERAL PADRINO TO THE OPINION FINANCING WORLD TERRORISM

Look you arrogant jerk get with POTUS! Tired of your incredible hubris! As Arizonan you stopped representing me in January!
Clean up over spending and abuse I get but this is excessive.

Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube

John McCain Trump is a sucker how long is the GOP going to allow him to continue with this mental meltdown Obama's the man face it Trump
Did you work with congress on health care? Traitor
Wow @McCain way to attract crybabies how bout you be a better example. Respect the office no matter who’s in office. #bealeader
cut the pork fraud and waste and 549B becomes 700B in ANY spending program
Disagree @senjohnmccain, that we need to put that much money into an already powerful military.
I have lost a lot of respect for you.  We the people want obumercare gone and we want these taxs cuts  your personal hatred is sad
Sir can I ask a serious ?   Why are you defying the American people you do realize. What our president is doing the majority of us want. ???
Time to retire Senator no ones listening to you.
Are you kidding me we really need $700B for defense as a retired military guy that’s crazy we have many other issues that need attention
Work with Congress sounds funny coming from you.
Illegal to defund a worthless product like the war machine . Should be illegal to be without healthcare or college education
Who are you senator? It was obamas budget that you supported . This is nothing less than a proven demagogue! @realDonaldTrump @GOP Coward!
John McCain is a bitter old man!
Yes, a. Must
Kiss my (   |   )  you pathetic RINO!  You do nothing but work AGAINST our @POTUS and then you want to preach? 
Never gets done Mr swamp
John, we are a military family, but we are spending far too much on military.
Do you hear yourself? ”Work with Congress”  You really are a piece of work. for yourself,...not for AZ or U.S.
He always did McCain were have you been,not passing any of 300 Bills on your desk.    Quit being a Never Trump get over it.
He's supposed to be working with Republicans and YOUR NEVER WITH HIM!
when will you stop this bipartisan myth? fails everytime you try it!
#25thAmmendmentNow
Reperssion of the poor and undefendable is what we fought for why are we not fighting this battle here take care of all but us how sad!!
This what we fought for i dident you dident eather we battled this all around the world now we need to fight right here in america
Now will we loose it we need you to fight for the mental health of AZ not let them take it away he is slowly makeing it unatainable wow is-
Bleveing is one seeing a nother we need or healthcare i just got the mental health care after fighting 4 months pf paper work what happens -
We NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER WHEN YOU WERE IN HELL WHEN IT WAS DARKEST WHAT DID YOU DO IM IN THE HELL OF NO WAY TOPAY FOR HEALTHCAREHELPUSPOOR
Amen
He just destroyed healthcare for the most vulnerable. The Republican Party is now responsible for this harm
We don't need increased military spending. We are already overreached. This money should go to @nasa
Thank goodness you are still fighting for this country would more GOP take your lead
So John, what is Congress going to do about Trump ignoring Russia sanctions?
Russia is helping with North Korea. Pay attention
Thank to you @Potus can’t work with Congress. U need to step down you traitor
#25thAmendmentNow
A real champion of the ppl who calls out on the illegal, unethical & wrong, even when we’re none the wiser–We become smarter citizens for it
Appreciate standing for what is best for people over party.  Must get rid of this divide and conquer mentality that is killing the US
How about YOU working on Obamacare?
how about Top Dog's attacks on 1st Amendment free press healthcare for poor aid to Puerto Rico
intellectually emotionally ethically unfit
@realDonaldTrump He has NO IDEA of the process or rules. He also has no concept of what a budget is!! Most incapable POTUS ever!!
God bless John McCain. Get well soon.
McCain your a Democrat for trying to stop Middle Class Tax Cuts! Hope he burns in HELL!
Why should he work with congress when congress doesn't want to repeal obozo care or build the wall? @SenJohnMcCain you're a traitor to POTUS
Don't think legality is in top of his mind.
Just retire please. Simple
POTUS is too stupid to understand what you just said.
Thank you John.  Keep up the good work.
Obamacare. This year you single handed saved Obamacare. You should retire before you are voted out of office
Work and Congress seem like a oxymoron. This Congress cares nothing about getting anything done. Last year Senator you spoke of repealing
We spend more on defense than any other nation  Take care of people who need affordable healthcare and have preexisting conditions.
Like you worked on healthcare? Time for you to go. All hat and no cattle
$625B to split the difference and you add an amendment to make "closed rules" illegal.
Thank you for following the law in doing your job. I disagree w/ excess budget allocations 4 military when that impedes domestic needs.
mccain you useless idiot. Resign. You have no business making decisions for us in your condition. Who do you think u r
Hope he will work with you.  He often pretends he is the Secretary of Defense.
If you get booed, you are doing something right. Thank you for your healthcare vote
Senator I hope your treatment is going well and that you are healing.u are the only voice of reason where the rest r looking the other way.
Tell him passing a  budget will make his hands & testicles appear bigger & he might be interested--the f+cking moron'
Term limits for congress @USTermLimits
Please Senator McCain, impeach the SOB!!
You dug in over Healthcare bill and now the #Trumptrain is digging up your past and we will finish you.
And how about forcing them to enforce the sanctions against Russia
Do you ever wonder if Trump is working for Russia or the United States has anybody noticed he is destroying this country from within
What was the fed debt when Senator McCain was elected? It’s 20 Trillion now.
Your a fraud you sold us out u profit from war. The times are changing from u guys stealing our wealth. By by crook politicians
John McCain has become an obstructionist in Washington. Mr McCain you were great but it's time for you to go. Sorry that's how life works
YOU work with POTUS on tax cuts instead of blocking everything he does because you're still butt hurt over the POW jab #EstablishmentVsTrump
What kind of defense? Fire planes would be nice? 400 maybe? Have to be kidding? More bombs? Bullets? Disgraceful wouldn’t need it if Peace
No...Congress needs to wake up, have a hot cup o joe, and IMPEACH the child.
We spend plenty on defense
Do you guys actually work? How can anyone work with an obstructionist?
But he's abandoning PR and letting Americans die. Lot's to glad about, huh?
Please retire and let somebody with a brain that works take your position and be a real conservative not a RINO
Budget deal? It sounds like you want another pay raise. Retire, get out of the way, and save what's left of your reputation.
Resign
Yes........
I’m frightened for our country and the world! Congress MUST step up and protect us from the gross incompetence of Trump! PLEASE!!!!
How about you people in the houses of Congress get the job done without all of the pork and insane regulation all the time?!
Trump becomes more embarrassing and his ignorance shows to the American taxpayer and the world proof read his mouth
Maybe the Republicans should spend some of that money on education. Oh wait, they prefer ignorant racists for their base.
Even Putin limits Russian military at 1/10 th of USA.   Keep budget reasonable, military can not complete an audit of books.
NO MORE WAR
How's your budget looking since Soros paid you off? You sir are a traitor!
Or, arm every American! It's in the constitution. Way cheaper and, it's NRA approved so the GOP already has the green light from daddy!
So, you guys make the laws!! Fix the damn law!!!
Mr. McCain,
Who are you working with?!
GO AWAY TRAITOR
He’s a traitor
Well, I would hate to think @POTUS would do anything illegal. (snicker)
work on retirement
@SenJohnMcCain eternal hero!
@SenJohnMcCain  You are my hero. Be well. Continue the great work you are doing. You are a beacon of honesty.
@POTUS Doesn't know what this > means.  He doesn't know about laws and rules. You gotta dumb down your tweets.
Shut up, please!!
Resign
All McCain cares about is military and war war. I am counting the days till they carry him out of the Senate
The man just talks. Don’t know the process. #Order great job J Mc
John, a piss ant has more focus than he does!
@GenJohnKelly Trump needs ADVISERS who actually know the LAW and CONSTITUTION. Not family members, or Wall Street billionaires. #resist
Actually, consensus seems to be that he needs to f*ck right to the off.

Maybe Congress should try working with @POTUS instead.
Why are you asking president to work with Congress? You have demonstrated your resistance
"RETIRE"!!!!!!!
Trump is having a special medal of heroism made just for you. You'll get it when you vote like a Republican
Turncoat John: please do us all a favor shut up and retire thank you
maybe consolation and specialization > numbers and increased spending on current out of date crap.
consolidation*
the answer isn't increasing spending. maybe we don't need 8000 ship's out there running into each other 
Little late, don't you think?
Looks like trump is trying to woo, all his Senate votes. First Rand Paul now mc Cain.
You have back stabbed my President talking behind his back you are spineless the establishment needs to go don’t care 4 We the people
Thank you once again Sir!
How about you retire or work with our President
Please retire.....hating POTUS isn't helping us
Senator, we need you there, said all of the Dems in the country!!! ~Smooch~ᶫ♡ᵛᵉ  ~Marie~
Love you Sen McCain
Because we need more money on defense rather than healthcare, John!

POT!
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain 
Also... I think more money should be spent on education... the spelling and grammar in some replies is way to sorry.
We already spend more on defense than the next 7 countries combined
I’m very concern senator. This potus has said he’ll leave PR? They’ve not recovered enough yet! Pls help them
Um...Puerto Rico has been devistated and Americans are suffering.  The military doesn't need the money, Puerto Rico does.
Great. A war hero advocating for less for the military. Putz.
You’re waiting for your large sum of payola money provided by defense contractors
Retire McCain
Work with congress on Repeal and Replace!
How about childrens healthcare?
Remember when he said you weren't a real war hero because you got captured? I'm sure he's eager to work with you now.
A budget deal would be nice with no stupid wall. Get food and water to Puerto Rico. The bill to help them is a joke.
Too ignorant. Worst President ever
FFS!!!! Why are you even entertaining ANYTHING from @realDonaldTrump ? #Fascism #ImpeachTheMoron
McCain taking Trumpsky to school!
He doesn’t know how to work with anyone! He is only interested in himself! Save us from this idiot!
Work with you and the other democrats RINO?
Retire
Heard mexico won’t pay for wall but  will pay for our health care..
Shut up already RETIRE We need our Republicans to be Republican
Sir, you ought to retire and allow someone in the Senate that knows what he is doing.
Good luck with that. All he knows how to do is name call, tweet, and sign executive orders. Why would the master of the deal negotiate?
He doesn’t know how to work with Congress. He doesn’t know how to get along with anyone. Trump is unraveled.
Right after you repeal Obamacare.
POTUS does not know how to work with anybody. He's a one-trick pony
Are you working with the President?
go away John McCain !  RETIRE !
Illegal is @POTUS' middle name, didn't you know?
Please just call him a moron.
Congress doesn’t seem willing to work, period!
While I do not agree with spending either of those  amounts, I totally agree you all should be working together. Spend less on military toys
Good luck. He has no idea how to do that.
FBI: oldest terrorist organization in USA is KKK but yeah dems are violent
You would fight our great president.  Go home
Sen McCain you are a hero but you would vote against a bill declaring the sky blue just because Trump supported it. That is not leadership
Thanks for defending our defense.  Now please defend us from the tax cut bill too!
