You strike again, what do you expect the Russians to do? Sit tight? You are risking WW3, go in peace, don't kill us all
So just let them bully us? Attack our country & undermined our democracy? They'll be back for more & worse.
No, what Gulf of Tonkin? I never paid attention to politics until I found out Russia cyber attacked us.
We are bullied if Trump doesn't sign the sanctions bill.
Sanctions are an act of war. You people are dangerous
Cyber could be deadly. Enemies can shutdown our power & communication. Then attack us with military.
Trump colluding w/Putin tried to stop this in the GOP platform. Sen. McCain-you need to say this loud and often. It's too important.

Is your only argument to say something is fake?  Pic related.
What are you burbling about?
Pardon?  Who are you?
Again. What are you burbling about?
No. It's about time you end your love affair with war.
Sometimes you need a hammer, sometimes you need a daisy.
Or in a certain US Senator's case, a long overdue retirement.
He takes care of his state. He planned to retire after this term.
He travels the world preaching war and regime change as if it has been a stunning success. Enough. Step down for the sake of your country.
I can understand why you feel that way.    Where was his last regime change speech in another country?
Syria...
Then Trump gave it to the Russians.
Evil. Being on the wrong side of history his whole life.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR!!  "WE THE PEOPLE"
Elected POTUS N U obstruct him..U betrayed us all..sad end 2 a 1x warrior vry sad!
Do you benefit financially if #Ukraine receives fire arms,missiles and other weaponry? Do you receive money from Soros? @WSJ

You sir just need to retire, you have always been a traitor to our country and a disgrace to our country!
Not all of us can be the valiant defender of Perdue Chicken.  McCain was a POW.  Clearly only poultry PR people are "True Americans"
This must be your final mission. Your lifelong dream to go to war with Russia before you kick the bucket! You should be a suicide bomber!
And if only we had the same concern for ourselves to turn guns in to our government like Great Britain did.
U R nothing but a war monger, Thanking God your days in OUR #WhiteHouse are nearly over yer retirement is 20+yrs 2 late
"KREMLIN OFFERS PLAN TO ARM MEXICO"
Just imagine how that would sound to us, and how politicians like John McCain would react
One day that will be reality

Remember cuba?
Funny how Russia wasn't a threat before the Obama administration. The EU did healthy trade with Russia (but is now denied). US=death of EU.
The Eu dont have the balls
To walk alone..
well, hil liar y did collude with the Ukraine. Hey, john. It is a good time to get tested for cognitive skills
About damn time our POTUS spoke out against Putin, too.
He does it only when forced to.
He is a pussy and will never scratch his Master Putin
Still hasn't signed the sanctions bill. May just let it become law without his signature. Unfit!
Can it become law without his signing?
Yes. If not signed w/in ten days it's law. However, if he sends it back unsigned after congress adjourns, it is a "pocket veto," and stands.
Thanks; interesting information
How is he a traitor?
Google
Kissing putins ass is treason...not the other way around
Silly
.you're socialist, alinsky loyalties are unamerican. You are an embarrassment to our country. Greed, self serving commie!
Thanks, Senator!!! Ukrainians love you!!!
Ukrainians aren't the brightest bulbs.
Hmmm....I won't even dignify this with a response; cheers
The Pentagon needs to find the 10 billion $$ they can't acct. for & stay outta Ukraine. You need a prison cell, John!
Buh bye
I eat demented war profiteers for breaky!
I'm not a war profiteer but something needs to be done. Canada been in Ukraine for two or three years now. Since it happened.Where uboys at?
I wasn't referring to you. No more. Soros & his right leaning accomplices are OVER! NO MORE!!!
This coming from a former naval officer who crashed all his fighter jets.
Oops! American.
DO NOT EVEN ALLOW nor have ANY THOUGHTS of returning to OUR CAPITOL. If you're dumb enough to try, risk TREASON that dates back to Vietnam!
Hannity has really affected some people.
If only Sean knew & were able to say all the things I know about all of them in DC. Careful bc I exposed my files in 2015-2017. We Know LOTS
Sweet!  Let's see those files?
McCain needs to go to combat with his BOOTS ON THE GROUND! One last chance for ya, John. No helicopter just walk around w your rifle, K. #
Your legacy is one of hugging @SenFeinstein and laughing with @SenSchumer before your cowardly vote. You are the epitome of the swamp.
Okay Russian mafia bro. Lol.
I dont get it
At my tax dollars expense?  Ukraine has no money.  Get a clue.  Russia has contractual agreements with other countries. Germans mad U. S.
That's because FRG knows Macron & Putin were separately promised the client state.  Only US populous never understood Yalta agreement.
Mr. Hoyt.  I keep up with current events quite well.   Instead of reading Rove minion.  Germany was coming after us with sanctions.Dipolmats
Merkel thought she had deal w/US. EU federation vs NATO membership. What is USA formal policy now on Ukraine? Rove? More like Dulles bros.
Diplomats will work this out.   Many contracts with many countries. WTO would step in. Another German, EU threaten us. Sue or sanctions
Bad idea. You're going to get into a hot war with Russia.
Sounds good. Baseball is boring.
That always ends well...
, your a liberal war monger. You should know about killing remember the 133 sailors you killed. Your just like Hillary!
You are a traitor!
Lunatics like @SenJohnMcCain will advocate arming anybody, as long as it increases sales for the Defence Industry. I feel sorry for #Ukraine
who cares who dies as long as you get paid, right John?
i think you need to be on obamacare. You are no better than the rest of America. Hil liar y colluded with Ukraine.
John McCain is a dangerous SOB; An enemy to the United States.  He is the first human to give cause to root for a tumor!
you're a traitor to this country you should resign .
it is time for you to resign & stop your treasonous behaviour you should be shot for treason!
Ol' Lumpy must still be rolling around in there, huh?
Left to you and CIA and Obama, Ukraine would have been sliced, diced and  divided, raped and robbed! Thank God not Crimea! Thanks to Russia
Stop arming people and feed your citizens
Uhhhh, why don't we just use the one already in place.... may get into hot water but... FUCK IT, I'm retired now.
Just so long as there's a war somewhere, right John?
#isREALLY #time to make the #terrorist #Jews run! #antiTRUST #DougMittelman @netanyahu @FBILosAngeles @FBISanDiego @WarrenBuffett #Putin
To Me this is everything. This is the bellwether that tells me whether Trump is independent or beholden to Vladimir Putin.
It's about time for you to go home for good. Damage done...
U Left&Right deadheads miss d POINT, always!#DeepState(s) R working 2ward #1WorldGovnt-They'll get over these hiccups tnx 2 U blind idiots!
#ALTORKNOWZ
It is about 2 years overdue, but better late than never.
Why do love war and killing so much?? #Sick #RetireForAmericaNow
you're a nutcase, please leave this world alone with your wars
Why did you sell your country out? SHAME
It's really not.

Oh, and
Hey bud, maybe you're not in a position to be making long term plans right now.
TRAITOR. 
oooopsss. America
You mean neo-Nazis*
Svoboda began as Ukrainian National Socialism -- yet neocons believe we should ally with monsters MT @inartic
Thanks, friends.
You're a war monger
There he is!!!

that is such a great idea.
@YelchenkoUN @WSJ Winter is coming to Russia. Putin's Power Play - Narativ
you're all about starting World War 3 aren't you? Are you sure you're not a Jew that just changed his name?
like so many Jews do
First they have to disarm the traitorous president
I didn't realize that Ukraine was part of NATO.  Why don't you also add Belarus, Finland, Sweden, Kazakhstan and Georgia too?
And what happens when Russia responds in kind?
Please hurry up and move beyond planning.
You're well aware that #tRUMP will veto this, aren't you, on orders from war-criminal putin?
Ukrainians kill children Donbass

#neverforget
Stay out of other people business!
Don't you get it? 
Dam Johnny boy ugh!
You plan to arm Ukraine? How insane can you get? Didn't you arm the Talibans, Jihadis in Syria, ... and look at the results.
More war and more meddling and more destruction and more suffering... that is what the U.S. stands for.
About time the McCancer Neo-Nazi coup group got shiny new guns to kill those evil Russians
Mr. Creeper Offensive, you need to retire post haste
ITS ABOUT TIME You go and let this world RIP #warmonger
Why do you want to start WW3?
It's about time you stopped supporting Obamacare and fulfilled your campaign promise to repeal it.
What a cancer mccain is! Left unchecked, @SenJohnMcCain  could easily become another Hitler.
Is this a solution for the root cause?!?!
WAR WAR WAR is all u want
Great. Another McCain-approved plan to arm the scums of the Earth ...
You are a traitor to the American people!
@realDonaldTrump Americans are growing tired of foreign policy based on destabilization and regime change.
@realDonaldTrump Isn't it bad enough that we've armed jihadists in Syria?  Now we're going to arm Neo-Nazis in Ukraine?
You are busy butcher McCain ! Do you ever stop to wipe a blood from your hands. So rotten the cancer can't survive.
Yea Mccain, lets arm the world with guns and weapons while you collude with the dems to get our taken away!  You traitor!
Genocide! Let's seek a peaceful solution.... Stop supporting that corrupt government already... Hypocrite!
@mod_russia 
Mr McCain 
Is a dangerous game, better deployment of UN forces between the two borders to avoid ... the first blow starts ...
Still hanging with Neo Nazis Johnny boy? You ever return the bank bribes in the 80s?
Yeah, more weapons. Always good for peace!
Here we go again. 
Once a warmonger always a warmonger
Hello McCain to you from Vladimir Putin ha ha ha
Hopefully @POTUS will stop this from happening. Time USA stops fueling fighting worldwide
Hurry up cancer finish him, before he starts another war.
This is in violation of the Minsk agreement, and will be shut down.
Donald Trump still has not signed the sanctions bill. His hesitation only makes us appear weak to Putin & our closest allies.
Actually it's an act of sanity for once, I hope he doesn't sign it, sanctions are an act of war
We exhausted & bankrupted USSR in 1st Afghan War. Now after 17 years Putin knows we have little stomach for war, more lives shattered. Think
Putin never should have been allowed strategic access to Crimea. Ukraine was USSR's only year round fair weather trade port.
This jacka$$ simply isn't happy unless he's stirring the Russian pot. Please retire or expire!!!
Bring on the world war 3 before you go... yay
The Plan is: grab as much cash and run!
Russia is testing Trump now. Where is your courage, Trump?
So you've learned nothing from Afghan and Syria etc, is basically what you're saying
Ukraine is the enemy. You're the enemy, die already!
russia should respond kindly and arm taliban
Why do you want a war with Russia so bad? Did they kill your terrorist friends?
Ought to do that for Americans with trump and his skinhead coup!
Putin you hands broke off in the Crimea and Donbase http://oblamayut.You  are builders, you are all shit....
Senile old fool, how many more lives do you want to destroy by arming that gang of marauders that you call Ukrainian army?
You're a failure songbird! Retire!
You love arming terrorist funded by your daddy Soros
Washington needs NEW Republicans
Always thinking war
.
Your masters will be happy that you sold more of their weapons, huh @SenJohnMcCain ?? #NWO #sorospuppet #evil
It's about time for you to resign.
Oh the same place that Hillary colluded w during election????
We are not the worlds arm dealers. Stop it!
US should have provided arms to Ukraine years ago, in the beginning of Russia's aggression
We don't want a war with Russia...where is our vital interest?
Russian's leaders steal territory, blast anti-west propaganda and steal our elections. Then they play innocent. Lets get this done.
It was about time u actually followed through with promise to repeal Obummercare...but instead your legacy is lying to American people!
This is right on the Russian border. You think they will sit back and do nothing.  Would we tolerate them arming Mexican Cartels? Crazy John
Retire "hero."
Its about time you repeal O-Care.  REpeal Obamacare.  Please
And the corrupt jump for joy…
That worked so well when we armed Afghan "rebels".
YES!
Senator its time to get out of the way if you are unwilling to help.
You'll go down in history as a scorn to humanity once enough people realize what you and your fantastic friends do every day..
Call your friends that you had the New Year's Eve party with. They should be happy.

No dont! Everytime we do they end up turning on us!
no need to stick your nose where the dog doesn't stick his dick
It's about time you go to jail for all the people you killed around the world
Dude ... America is here, not in the Ukraine you dolt
Why that is ridiculous you are nothing but a neocon wants a new Coldwar

Weird and I bet you will profit from this. You are what is wrong with congress #termlimitsonsenators
Where were you the last 8 years when that scumbag obama was in office
Why?
These assholes will occasionally shoot themselves, despite your unqualified instructors)))
the army of Ukraine immediately sell these weapons to the militia of Donbass. McCain old senile, and quite dulled.
Go Away McCain. No one gives a damn what you think.
@julianbarnes yes it is.
Right!
that would be great! Ukraine extremely needs defensive weapon.
Ukraine needs to respect its Russian speaking population.
