Why let H.J. Resolution 69 pass and dismantle the EPA if you love wildlife so much? Thinking of my children!
You're an old man. You've lived your life. You don't give a damn about future generations. Sad.
And yet the new EPA chief wants to undo regs which protect our air and water.
Kayakers will not welcome the roaring, wake-creating power boats you celebrate here.
why?
. Screw you wildlife, who needs you anyways. We humans need the h2o to survive on our summer vacation.
wow victory? John, seriously.  Sad.
America gets back their stuff
At least you can do one thing right, but don't get on your high horse about it. Start supporting our President.
our president banned refugees from certain countries even though our country was founded on persecuted immigrants
You really don't know what it takes to keep our country safe, do you?
no offense but I am just wondering what generation of American are you. My family came from Germany 2 generations ago
Mine too.
Because we all know how much wildlife love loud motors! Best to take care of the wealthy big boat owners and fuck the beasts.
Not good news. I vote.
ironic that you tweet this with water bird and canoeist-- both who will be negatively impacted by 
Sir, all waterways in our country should be protected, including the Missouri river
I'm sure our children will be thrilled...if Dumpy doesn't nuke them first ..DidU get paid in rubles or dollars
if you got power boat good. poor  people can't help foul it-up should protect it till grandkid gets power boat...
how is the disruption of wildlife a good thing? How much space do we need?
tragedy for wildlife and future generations
Do NOT Allow our Nat'l Parks & Refuges to be Sold to the Highest Bidder!!  NO OIL, GAS, MINING.
Power Boats? Are you crazy? There should be no power boats in sensitive refuge waters. Who doesn't know this?
I can envision a power boater clipping to death that bird in the water as in pic. Sounds like bad decision. 
that's a victory? Ooooh my
stand up for our children vote against DeVos. I am a Mother of 3, Grandmother of 3, and a former teacher...
I'm a Rep. You got this one wrong Senator, but it gets you the boaters vote.
Boo. Keep power boats off the lake!
With Trump in charge we probably will not have any more national parks, Wildlife Refuges, etc. Act now!
Wildlife looses a little bit at a time and then one day it's gone....
how is this a victory? Power boats on a preserve? Disconnect
that's no victory McCain--destroying +causing havoc in wildlife refuge is like dropping missiles  in refugee camp
I heard that Trump is a Water Sports enthusiast.
then the wildlife will no longer have refuge!
this isn't a victory
please keep doing the right thing
How sad.
don't sell off our public lands
. We need to hear more good news like this.THANK YOU MR? McCAIN.
and what about the investigation into Russian hacking?  Where are we w/this???
Democratic Party is dispicable liars! Do you want to be associated with them?
How is this a victory? Why is it important?
WTF? This is good news, Senator?? You can't protect our place in the world so you destroy our environment. #PresidentBannon
TERM LIMITS!!!
How about saving the Native land from big oil?!? Stop the #DAPL !
You & your side-kick Lindsey Graham r the obstructionists within the party. You r letting your sensitivities get in the way of your country.
That's not a picture of a power boat or the oil skill they create. It's a victory for Wildlife REFUSE. #getREAL
Water sports enthusiasts? For @POTUS and his Russian buddies? You all make this too easy :)
Victory? Were power boats running out of room? I hope a bird shits on your head Senator!
nice try...you JUST voted yesterday to let coal companies POLLUTE OUR RIVERS AND STREEMS AT WILL. Next you will sell our land
That's nice but it's while America is under siege.Our democracy As our way of life is under attack by Don the con
Democrats need to do there job! Never again will I vote for them!
whatev..not for long. Better hope there's not drillable oil, frackable gas..Will this b part of 3M acres 4 sale?
"Wildlife Refuge" Not much refuge while dodging a speed boat.
Wildlife would disagree. Some people just like to watch the world burn.
How the heck is this a victory? This is tragic.
I'm sure the wildlife is thrilled.
We're smarter than this to create jobs without trashing the environment.
BUT YOU ARE ALLOWING DRILLING IN IUR NATIONAL PARKS!! Please STOP!! #protectNationalParks
this is not good news.  Why is this a victory.  Disappointed in you, Senator.  Why would you post such sad news?
is it a victory for the wildlife or the boaters? Not both obviously.
Rest my case 894/899, you're not winning friends on the left by shunning those on the right.
so when will you cave to corporate and have them drilling for oil and nat gas at those beautiful parks?
Not sure about power boaters and the environment; diminished use of self-powered watercraft. How about reasonable phys shape
A Passion for the outdoors/wildlife fishing ,even on the water,on motorboats ;  I'm a PISCES, (zodiac sign) Sen.John McCain
and what amout scotus not important enough?
Kinda sucks for the birds though.
And soon Exxon drillers?
I think you're confused about the definition of "wildlife refuge".
Is that good for the wildlife?  Just sayin'
they now KNOW where your SongBird files were umm misfiled
get out of way, so our pres can help USA, dont b part of problems
Glad u guys r having fun but the President doesn't have a full gov b/c u guys r all screwing around! GET TO WORK
Shame on you!
While u pump foreign oil that could damage religous sites? Invest in American natural gas and E85.
sad day for the wildlife.
so where are you on the Dakota pipeline??
Whoever runs his social account, please notify him of this child's plight:
Sent to an Office of Refugee Resettlement shelter in Chicago, 1000 miles away. He's not a refugee. He has phone access 30min/wk. He's 16. https://twitter.com/sarahkendzior/status/826775029870424064 …
that's one thing #presidentbannon hasn't ruined then!
fall in love?
