Factual reasons why General Kelly Must Resign and disgraced the Corp

https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vS-SXy5I3-WyNKclkO-bH5BL4DR_NPPSTrFgdc0n01SLGfoRAechJw0pGdQMmMMjw1GFnR4ilpzZ56C/pub … …
I agree
Thanks we are on the verge of our democracy being destroyed and our principles trampled. it is being aided by an out of control military.
Yes it is and time this show is ended
Love that you are teaming up with @amyklobuchar . She makes me proud to live in MN!
TY, @SenJohnMcCain! Ask @SenatorFischer @BenSasse to join bi-partisan effort to protect our country and safeguard our elections! @MortonOWH
You spent more money to get the fake Trump dossier, then the Russians spent on Facebook ads. Spin a little time on #FusionGPS, Democrats
Want to actually do good than resign, let an actual true Republican have your seat! You're nothing, but a Democrat in Republican clothing!
How about a bill requiring mental health evaluations for #POTUS? Should be done every six months, impartial panel. Get to it!
How about a bill requiring brain-damage evaluations for #senators ? Should be done every six months, impartial panel. Get to it!
@MeghanMcCain @realDonaldTrump
 
How about a bill requiring brain-damage evaluations for posters on Twitter? Should be done every six months, impartial panel. You would clearly fail. Get to it!
Are you sure that you haven't had a stroke or a series of mini strokes. You post like you're suffering from brain damage.
You are clearly lacking in the love department.
#libtard
Demonstrating that you know nothing about either love or Jesus.
Thanks folks, for your bipartisan work to help ALL Americans. Working together moves American forward. Join them @RobWittman
John McCain, thank you for your concerted efforts and clear, rational voice, on behalf of the American people. You rock! 
Im happy youre running with the ball.Trump dropped it 1st minute of his inaugural speech.Hes VERY DARK & SCARY.Im not afraid,but Im pissed
We should go back to paper ballots.
Yep Clinton and Obama to start    and Clinton got rich off everyone’s ass In America so pass health care and tax reform  and watch the Dems
What world are you living in?Amazing,you people can lie and get FACTS SO WRONG.Would you please fact check your comments&not just”believe”
We need this law big time
How about getting Illegal aliens, dead people off voter rolls and strengthen voter ID laws.
McCain! Please keep up the bipartisan work!
Sen, McCain you are working against the American people get back to repeal Obamacare , tax cuts n the wall to secure this Country be my hero
Thank you!!!
Thank you so much for your on going work, your my hero.  Sharon Driscoll. (Jerry Driscoll's wife)
I LOVED @SenBillNelson spoke of Domestic Election meddling & ILLEGAL voter purging. DNC GUILTY OF THIS. #NeverAgain please #ProtectTheVote!
Deal with internal mass voter fraud.  Lincoln said that if our country falls it would be from within. How about legislating against ANTIFA?
Thank you, Senator! So grateful you are safeguarding our democracy
Thank you
http://uved.info/?id=8744 
Mark Warner lol
How about voter I.D.s? U talk about safeguarding, I.D.s will help stop illegals from voting-therefore Dems will struggle w/votes! #MAGA 

YES thank you John (again)
Thank you Senator!  American Citizens want to protect our elections!
Are you truly stating that the 100k of Russian FB ads changed an election where both parties spent in excess of 1 billion dollars #bullshit
Aprox 20 mill people were exposed to the ads. Any good American would protect our elections
Thank you!!
Thank you!
I thought only judges served for life. Retire already!
Adds didn't influence my vote.
Blah.......is all I read.
Then why don't you mandate ID's be required, without that, your not not sincere, you can't even buy cigarettes without ID....
But Trump depends on disinformation and misinformation.
retire you bumm..you are a wasted space in the senate...
And voter suppression?
Amen
Thank you Senators.
Sorry @SenJohnMcCain but if Congress can’t even compel wits 2testify, what makes u think this bill will have any real teeth? #noconfidence
Your such a Democrat
That’s not the only danger to our election process.
This seat has never been held by a Black judge. Today Trump’s anti-civil rights nominee was approved. http://bit.ly/2glUzdn  #CourtsMatter 
Thanks for proving McCain is really a Lib.
So you admit it...only the Dems want to safeguard elections. About time someone on the Right was truthful. 
Great I hope that includes stopping these illegals from voting, if not include them moron, 3 million in California
I hope you live long enough to lose 5 more presidential primaries
Do some real work by supporting @potus you traitor..
Thank u Senators, Russia will b back in 2018, don’t care what ur party is,our elections need to b protected from  or any other influence
Immigration reform,Tax reform,Welfare reform, fix the VA. That is what we voted for, get those done first. It's not about you !
Thank all three off you for the introduced bill.  Much needed.
@WattsDennis @amyklobuchar @MarkWarner 
AGREED but we should have paper ballots across the country in 2018
Until you and your liberal cohorts in crime are ready for "VOTER ID", you can forget this crap.
WELL DONE SIR!!! Well done!  Proof once again that LEADERS, LEAD!  ^5
What are you afraid of, something is not right here.

How about a bill to improve transparency of our gov. & IC?
What you really mean is "the government wants to be able to track advertising viewership stats"
WE ALSO NEED "ONE VOTE = ONE PERSON". #MAAD #MakeAmericaADemocracy
Yea right. This is what government transparency looks like.
thank you Senator for being a loud voice in a sea of nonsense and division. when are you guys going to start working together for the ppl.?
How about transparency into buying political dossiers?
Support the POTUS
Thank you Senator!
What's next, honest & truthful speech? Now that would be an impossibility for Politicians.
Go away
Please retire!!!
Just retire please! 
Bullshit, you're just trying to destroy our first amendment!!
Thank You!
hope u included yourself with the fake dossier u gave FBI-Trump gonna nail U
John all your democratic friends love you......not so much the people who voted for you
Dangerous little bitter man. Take your venom and corrupt dealings and RETIRE.
A.WORLDWIDE DEPRESSION AS.THE 1900s! HYPERINFLATION BECAUSE OF WATER RESOURCES! SHORTAGE HOLD EVERYONE ALIVE HOSTAGE FOR.THEIR LIVES !
More legislation that won't do anything.
might be a nice idea to look into obama and Hillary's part in selling uranium to Russians
Thank you. Now it's time to convince @GOP that we MUST PROTECT our COUNTRY from threats Foreign and Domestic (TRUMP)
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you, sir
Didn't you try years ago after taking illegal money from Keating to limit free speech? Wasn't that ruled unconstitutional? Never learn!!!!!!
Thank you, Senator
COLLAPSE US GOVERNMENT A DOMINO EFFECT ON ALL OTHERS GOVERNMENT WORLDWIDE!
Thank you Senator.
SENATOR THAT'S WHY THEY WANT TO START WAR !START.WAR! CAUSE GLOBAL WARMING ( ,SEVERE) !KILL 30% OF MANKIND THEN COLLAPSE US GOVERNMENT+++
yes! it should include internet if a facebook, instagram or twitter has >10k followers owner/s full disclosure incl $$$
Can you also pass a bill for voter id? Just to make it fair to legal citizens
And you've included penalties for domestic media collusion and coordinated disinformation, right John?
Now get it to pass veto-proof
The three of you should take a look at our proposal for campaign finance reform.
OUR"Government"Fighting it's Citizen from finding #Corruption by hearing any&All views.Afraid of #FreeSpeech.STOP reading ForeignBooks?
It's time to take big $$ out of politics as well. Koch bros control American politics, that takes it away from the 99% and caters to the 1%
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Maybe it's ur destiny 2 save the world from @realDonaldTrump. Please Senator McCain, save our country/world from this maniac! I'm terrified!
Grow up
In other words CENSOR? This half baked deplorable is smart enough to censor info from Whacko Birds like you. RETIRE Brutus
You know Brutus killed the dictator right?
THE EUPHRATES RIVER IS A ANOLOGY FOR WATER OF WORLD!
All of these Liberals are making positive comments about John speaks volumes. He is in good company. He is nothing more than a sore loser.
Alright! And don't let the lobbyists get in the way!
Thank you sir! Please find out why Russian sanctions have yet to be implemented !
Thank You John McCain for being who you are . A true patriot .
Please take care of yourself Senator McCain - America needs you.
Thank you
The USS Forrestal was a coverup of major proportions. Anyone else would have faced criminal charges.
Great bill..
Thank you,  Sir!
Thank you, Senator. Now, can you please enlist your colleagues to rid America of this dangerously incompetent POTUS. The job requires a hero
Boooo!!
Good to see that SOMEBODY in Washington is trying to protect our election process. Could you send a memo to the White House?
Thank heaven someone cares about this extremely important issue.  You wouldn't know it by listening to our administration.
So what side is the collusion on Senator? Will you say now?
Thanks for caring.
Thank you for working together!!!
You are a bipartisan hero!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you. Donnie seems to want to ignore it, like he does most things.
Can we clone you and have 100 Senator John McCain's fighting for common justice and decency please?
MCCAIN : IN LEAGUE WITH GLOBAL BUSINESS ENTITIES & SPECIAL INTERESTS: WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : UNAMERICAN :FAKE SENATOR
He'll tell us what it is as soon as he can remember what it was
Thanks to all of you for introducing this bill. We are counting on you to keep our Democracy intact.
How Long Does Cancer take??
Thank you Mr McCain!
Thank You Sir
YES, Let's Eliminate #FreeSpeech, Satire, Comedy, Sarcasm..oh & #CLICKBAIT that the @CIA & @NSAGov are chasing& see Russia Every where
McCain Feingold was bad enough. STOP f'ing with freedom of speech and ... go away.
I hope other countries like Israel for instance, follow suit! America has a history of interfering in other countries elections Mr McCain!!!
Thank you
Finally
Thank you sir!!

 Enshrine those norms!!!
Well it’s about time! Your committees have done NOTHING SO FAR About time you start workingold man!
Thank you! It is a extremely concerning that our democracy is so compromised and the current White House/DOJ don’t seem to care.
Thank you!  Pls do more w/regard to Russia.  I fear our upcoming elections & @realDonaldTrump is busy golfing!

Bravo!
Thank you.
THANK YOU
How's healthcare going? Any progress?
#supportbipartisanship
Thank you, Senator.
Keep the pressure on!
