After all the Kurds have done, especially against ISIS, they deserve their own state.
What have the Kurds done? Ethnically cleanse Assyrian and Armenian Christians & call their land "Kurdistan"?
"What have the Kurds done?" I don't know... Let me see... Fight isis, when the Iraqi army were running away like scared chickens...
The fight against ISIS was with the help of Iran. Kurds abandoned Yazidis, & ethnically cleansed Assyrian Christians. That's what they did.
Thats Troll BS! Iran came after the Iraqi army fled... And without US air support, the Iranian malicious would flee too...
Russian army, not the US. US is only responsible for arming and supporting jihadist scum
So... Was it the Russians giving air support when taking Mosul...? You trolls don't come with brains, do you..?
Nope. Look up how Iranian gov't worked closely with gov't in Erbil to take Mosul. You just call ppl trolls when u have no legit argument
I swear US lost trust of #Kurds ,now for many youth like me Washington betrayed and history should never forget. Our friends are mountains
AMERICA lost trust with the US under @SenJohnMcCain @HillaryClinton @BillClinton @GeorgeHWBush #GeorgeWBush & ESPECIALLY UNDER @BarackObama
You forgot about the orange clown that has single handed turned your country into a laughing stock....
No, that would be the lies reported by the msm, and you believe them.
There we go... The same old dumb troll BS... you lot seem to have been fitted with the same chip...
You're the one trolling with your brainwashed bs
"brainwashed"!! The world is laughing at your country due your clown pres, you support, and i'm the brainwashed!?
You're opinion of what you see on tv doesn't mean anything to American citizens. We know the truth, and you do not.
Let the Kurds have their own space
Sure, why does that space have to be in Assyrian Christian land who were killed by the Kurds?
Shut up you old fool. Go back to arming jihadists you pathetic war criminal
@SenJohnMcCain Please don’t let US screw over the Kurds again. They have sacrificed too much!
Sacrificed what? Kurds killed Assyrian and Armenian Christians and now call it Kurdish land
Sen McCain, How many more Kurds have to die a horrible death? US can’t standby &watch this any longer. We must help our ally the Kurds.
Deeply, its the time to do something against the Iranians militias. Do something McCain!
I'm sure they all appreciate your CONCERN! NOT
U congressmen are coming thick & fast with your condemnation of Iraqi government forces on Kurds - YAY!  Now support Kurds for stable region
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurdish_recognition_of_the_Armenian_Genocide …
More violence toward our ally the Kurds from Iraqi & Iranian Hashd Al-Shaabi Militia. Sen McCain please help the Kurds. #SupportKurdistan
The Kurds want the oil fields, they are Iraqs!
Are you blind 
Hashid and iran are fighting kurds with USA weapons
why don't you just draw the enemy a map so they know where to attack?
Iraqi forces is leading by this evil.
Peshmerge stoped IS with old weapons they had as Iraq denied arms from US reaching Kurds, we against ISIS, defend land left by fleing Iraqi
Mr McCain don’t worry, Kurdish people better off with Iraqi Government

You are great leader Kurds are proud of you
The Kurds are Washington's weapon of mass destabilization in the Middle East. US is playing with fire.
Well senator there is always a reasonable way out if u guys put your head to it
#SupportKurdistan
#SupportKirkuk 
#SaveKirkuk 
#KurdistanBlockade
Go away
Iraqis dropped their weapons & ran from ISIS Kurds took up arms & forced ISIS out of their region. They’ve earned their keep.
Please
First the US should give the Navajo Nation it's right to become an independent country, and return the rest of the southwest to Mexico.
Today, #IRGC using US equipment to do this to Kurdish civilians, who are being burned alive.
You need not concern yourself Sir, it was Barzani’s strategic failure. Now he needs to leave. Keep peace in ME please
Senator you are a patriot.  We need action.  Evil forces are advancing in all directions
and We hope you'll be deeply digged & buried soon. Deeper than any oil field, since it's your main concern : money, money & money.
Your solution sir, other than concern that is.
The Kurds need to have their own country. They have been brutalized & massacred for decades!
Why surprised??? Irak troops are aided by Iran forces?
Trump won’t do anything
Kurds moved back to 2003 borders.
@Dashni_Morad Allah bulundu siz oldukten sonrada dunya onun kalacak siz se cehennemde meleklerinizle film cekeceksiniz
Time to retire, John.
I am deeply concerned you have tweeter, with brain cancer disaster in the making
We're more concerned of your support of jihadi terrorists you aided to topple #Syria's legitimate gov
Give up your making a fool out of yourself ! Time to retire and go to the old fool Home !

#BREAKING 
After liberating #Kirkuk from Israel backed militia, Iraqi forces are moving towards the Nineveh plains to regain control
Blame obama dumb ass he took the troops out of Iraq and AfghanistanDont start gettin loose wit ur Lips now that Trump.is Prez.An fix ur VA
Mc Cain works for Israel not for peace.
So can you support Kurdish and keep him for Iraq military
Concerned ???
Let California and Texas to have their own army and interim setup of government like u helped kurds 

Muslim world needs space
Senator, do not allow the President the power to start conflicts. We need peace and love not war.
, it's never too late for U changing UR username in #AIPACSpox
We know 100% U R not 4 #AmericaFirst but 4 Israel Proxy Wars
#Iraq has been united for thousands of years! #Iraqi lived in peace & Hermione. 

The criminal corrupt #BarzaniMafia are seeking a civil war. Will not happen! For sure.
No shame in your game @SenJohnMcCain ! 
You are the most honest politician in Washington. Ignore the haters! Country over Party! You will go down in history as the hero you are!
Me too
Mr McCain,  God bless you & we wish the best of health. We need you!

The #Barzani & Sons are nothing but a undemocratic criminal Mafia!

Chocking the #Kurds for over 91+ years.
Who gave them those weapons?
You are right to be concerned. Baghdad is now controlled by Tehran and only works in their direct interest. @HaiderAlAbadi lost authority
Shame on you, shame on US shame shame shame
There making their way to erbil now senator. It’s scary and we are all hopeless
No need to be concerned.  It's actually Iranian forces, and they are kicking the Kurds so bad the Kurds aren't even going to fight.
Bring our boys back. Iraq is misusing our resources. The culture of the middle east will never resemble a democracy. We have done enough.

Americans are deeply concerned that you are a traitor to your voters and left disastrous ObamaCare in place-
What is concerning is that you are registered as a republican.
Oh jeez you're still breathing Let's hope that last gasp comes soon.
Deeply concerned how I'm gonna pay my rising health insurance cost. Shut up and retire already
Says the father of Isis!
on the contrary senator..

These are very good news..
Iraqi troops must continue till all kurdish terrorists are unarmed or eliminated
Shut your lips traitor!
Same !
RETIRE!
We are done going to war for you
You r a scholar and a gentleman!!! Speak from your heart and for the American people. I hate party lines!! The truth always prevails!!!!
It's not against anyone !
IQ government only applying the federal law and raise the Iraq flag over all Iraq area. That's it simple & clear
thank you for ur supports buts its not enough for us, its remind 1992 to us
I a plan in coordination with U.S, but Kurds are folish in their depend on U.S, they should have taken Russia side. History U.S sell allies.
Thank you for your support.
Please explain to @realDonaldTrump why he should be concerned too. He seems not to understand.
Further proof that neocon foreign policy is damging to USA in the long run and without and realistic view of the world. You hurt USA
Me too. Trump can't decide which side to help!  He is a MORON

HELP THE KURDS. They're a proven ally. We don't abandon allies in their times of need. They NEED the support of the US.
@POTUS 
@mike_pence
shame on you...
My government is imposing its control over the country's entire borders ... I urge you to take care of your health
Shame on US gov they say they against terror and Iranian regime  but US gov stab kurdish for them
Your concern is irrelevant, Iraq is taking back its areas. Kerkuk was ~65% non-Kurd in 1957.
What do the yazidis think of the Kurds ?
there is no irak...only IRAN...  HE ENJOYED THE WRECKS...
They have beheaded the young Kurds in the streets of Kirkuk. They entered Kirkuk using American supplied Heavy Weapons.
Go to Kirkuk and ask people, do they want Kurdish or Iraqi forces? Go there and inquire
Iraqi force have duty to protect people in Kirkuk from Masoud. PUK party and many Kurdish support Iraqi force re-distribution in Kirkuk
When will we do the right thing by the Kurds? They fought Isis, we should stick up for them and recognize their sovereignty.
Sir, STOP. Your politics on the Middle East falls below ZERO credibility. How many Syrians KILLED due to your support for terrorists in2013?
Who'd have thought toppling Saddam would have led to sectarian warfare?
You really do not want the Arabs to be independent. You're looking for subcontractors. First, after the PKK PYD SDG.
Iraq and Syria set up and support terrorist groups in America. Look at the weapons he uses.
YOU PUT THEM IN POWER
I would be too sir if I wasn't so concerned about healthcare for my kids
We need action not talk, help the Kurd
Then do something about it.
Iranian influence in Iraqi government one of the reasons?
Eat your pudding and meds and go back to sleep John
Should you have concerns don’t hesitate call PM Abbadi
Shameful how we've betrayed the Kurds under this administration. The US & Iraq owe them a debt of gratitude & this is how we repay them?
#SupportKurdistan
Just worry about your own domestic problems at http://home.You  personally have caused enough destruction in Iraq already.
This is Iran saying FU to trumps decertification
Please Senator McCain the time is now to invoke impeachment documents on Trump! He is a danger to our country & people
What is there to be concern about? Kirkuk belongs to Iraq not Kurd.
For God's sake, you stay out of it for once.  You've done enough damage already, thank you very much.
Please, make sure #45 doesn't start tweeting.
It's like, regime changes don't work or something like that.

Yep, we should have carved out a homeland for them a decade ago. We should make Turkey cede territory as a condition to remain in NATO also.
Turkey would hardly think NATO is worth paying with land. Trukey is more important to NATO than vice versa, hence toleration of its regime.
Love you John
supports Kurds with air power
Kurds not deserve what us have done with, us should not let Iran invade Kirkuk through hashed isis copy.
I want  fighting with the Kurds home.
#cdnpoli
Too bad the president has shown no hint he even knows what’s happening.
Thank you, Senator McCain, for speaking out about your concerns.
Time for order.its called Iraq not Kurdistan my,friend.
Maybe if you weren't arming ISIS the region'd be better off by now. But you play both sides sir just like usual. Songbird. #JusticeComing
.@realDonaldTrump seems to say he doesn't want to take sides. Another US ally abandoned?
Me too and I’m just an informed citizen.
Stay home don’t go back dc!
Don’t worry  kirkuk it is part of Iraq and our forces must covering all the country no more Israel’s people in Kurdistan we fully control
Yes the US needs to put a stop to that the Kurds have always been our allies , they are good people .
Sir, it’s time to speak to your colleagues abt what we can do to get someone in the WH who can actually live up to the title ‘Com. in Chief”
Kinda wonder if the president knows about his or if hes too busy with his NFL campaign to pay attention.  #lottapeoplearesayinthat  @SAD!
Me, too
No need for your concern when they are advancing on Iraqi soil. Dementia is getting to you, old chap.
#Iranian Gen. Qasem Soleimani leading to #Kirkuk attack on #Peshmerga #Kurdistan positions. @SenJohnMcCain @realZalmayMK @realDonaldTrump
Old picture. #FakeNews
Iran atack in kurdistan  hashd shabi
Then let's do something about it. All huff and puff in Iran while their militias overrun Iraq
And Kurdistan .
@SpeakerRyan marriage? i have not money n all SKorean relate my enemies. My enemies try kill me is reasons.
@SpeakerRyan Democrat's theories not fit to Nown i never met Dem n Republican. Never introduce by SNS n Media. SNS n Medis made this turmoil
@SpeakerRyan i'm not gay. SKorea power person made me gay for politically burial. SKorean treat mad person, LGBT.
See the damage you've done in your 30 years you've not only screwed & killed vets look at the destruction you've done in Iraq & Afghanistan
Sen. McCain, for permanent peace must consider 
changing the gov of Iraq to that of Rojava.Please please
study Rojava.
Having fought in #Iraq I'll take the #Kurds as allies over #Baghdad govt anyday
You have zero right to break up Iraq or any nation for that matter except your own.
Shiite militias led by Iran's Revolutionary Guards and armed with US weapons have occupied  #Kerkûk of #Kurdistan
#Shame
Imagine that. The Kurds shit on again. Why are they not allowed to have a nation? Western interests?
Please retire
#Kirkuk #KurdistanBlockade #Kurdistan
We are too!  The Kurds have been loyal allies.
... Why and how are you allowing him to keep past the acceptable point.? He takes an inch more everyday can’t u see?
You wouldn’t let your children to keep hitting and hurting others. Why as adults we can’t  this behavior....
Your deeply concerned that all US backed Kurds, ISIS are not prolonging the war and stealing more oil for the US & Israel. No NWO anymore
I don’t understand how it’s talked about not dealt with.  You wouldn’t allow your children to ...
When are you going to learn that Middle East is fucked up because of these kind of stupid policies. 
Why US is always get along with wrong side of issues??? 
Did you forget how Taliban was come out of fighters backed by US,? Same mistake with Kurds militia.
thank you
Thank you
Deeply concerned you are still a senator. #retire
No oil or bases for 
Deeply concerned by anti-constitutional forces on US democratic republic
R u surprised this is happening.  Everyone warned u but oh not the little warrior had to have his middle East war
It's time to correct a mistake by the wrong map writers and give the Kurdish greater say in their future as independent.
why? pls explain further....
Disgraceful. Let the Kurds risk their lives for you fighting ISIS and then abandon them at their time of need. Is this the American way?
McCain ur just #terrorist scum . No decentperson givesa shitwhat Nazi, #ISIS, Al Qaeda supporting vermin ur "concerned" about
We depended on you 
But your government betrayed kuerdistan
Your buddy Ted Kennedy is waiting for you to bring the ice hurry johnny hurry
What you are planning to do? Will you start educating President who are Kurdish? They are not as US V Islanders and no president there too
Push for legislation to block Iraq from allowing US arms to be used by Hashd al-Shaabi.
I’m deeply concerned this illegitimate excuse for a president has blown off implementing sanctions and that you all are fine w it.
What is the excuse now?He adheres to and aids our enemy. He is a traitor & #treason is undeniable now.Just ignore some more?Ignore treason?
Then do something not just some words
Kurdish people are good people let them have their own state!!!
Wish the president was...
Another genocide in making...
Mr. McCain, we are deeply appreciative of your sentiments nevertheless we are deeply concerned of your government stands with us
Bütün dünya sizden kaygı duyuyor
We Kurds still trust in USA, and you will not leave us alone.
Deeply concerned that your a Democrat
