Wow shows respect for why we are free and have incredible life!
I hope this isn't going to be paid for by Americans who will die losing their healthcare with the health care bill being proposed. VOTE NO
Retire
Sickening
Senator, I am a teacher. I do good work. Don't I deserve access to the same coverage as you?
Congress is corrupt elites. Stuck us with Obamacare while they & their friends get Cadillac plans. Traitor!!! U were elected to change ocare
##REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #FreeMarketOnly! #NoFederalOverreachIntoStatesRights! #UnitedforFreedom!
It's again time to prevent this deathcare bill from passing. There's money for bombs but not healthcare for kids & pre-existing conditions?
Now to pay for it....
Why?
Now! Retire! If you don't get back to working with President not DEMs! U say you are Republican, so far we don't see that! Vote REPEAL ONLY!
Stick with #Fullrepeal Senator! Don't let this liberal bill pass. No Obamacare lookalikes! #UnitedForFreedom
Thank you for your NO VOTE on healthcare! save the unborn! It funds PP. we can't have more dead children. #UnitedForFreedom
Insane. Utterly insane.
Endless $ for war without diplomacy, & plunge us into debt by wrecking ACA/Medicare? 2018 will require more Koch than you thought. VOTE NO.

Why is that comment necessary Sen McCain. Turn something good into another opportunity to criticize the President. Shameful.
@SenJohnMcCain is a true democrat. Reneged on promises he gave his voters. Votes way of his lobbyists. #retire #DrainTheSwamp
All those young people will leave service and be burdened with a $3,000/year tax because you won't repeal Obamacare. Quit being a Commie!
Stop messing around!!  #FullRepealOrNoDeal!!  #UnitedForFreedom
All this $ for military, but #GOP thinks it's ok if millions cannot afford medical care. Lives are at stake. #ProtectPatientsNow
That $$$ should be spent on healthcare for Americans!  What about taking care of the people at home?  Veterans?  Elderly?  Children?
You should suggest they take what they don't need and invest it into our existing health care
Problem is their is a lot of waste in the DOD. How about also focusing on that??
Who will you be defending when we all die from not having #ACA?
But kill Americans? What good is defense of a country full of sick, disabled Americans? USA lags in every aspect except military.
Do use some of that money toward health. You all are getting to comfortable in your position.
May be time to take GOP down a notch
How are we going to pay for it???
Thanks again for your advocacy on this important issue.   Defending our nation is #1 priority.
Are you taking that money from people's healthcare?  First do no harm!
you and Trump have so much in common when it comes to the military why not work together on other issues?
Unaffordable healthcare WEAKENS us from the INSIDE!  NO to #GrahamCassidy. Reform healthcare the right way - return to regular order!
Anything Trump does I can do better? What an ego admiral's little baby boy has. RETIRE Brutus
How much is too much? We spend more than next 12 nations COMBINED. This has got to stop.
More money for you and the swamp to pad your pockets with
Because being a military empire matters more than the health of the nation
Must be a lot of pork for john...
John vote no once again on healthcare bill
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Are you PROUD of this??
Ridiculous.  The country is falling apart.  That money could be better spent on public transportation, environment, education and more.
Too bad YOU couldn't do anything with healthcare. Have more respect for @realDonaldTrump he is OUR president
He is the one the people elected
Why are you bragging about this shit when you can barely house your citizens and provide healthcare and education?
Are you kidding me? Some of that can be used for #Healthcare
and once again Republicans show their disdain for federal deficits. They have no intention of paying for this unnecessary expenditure.
No #walll for Trump lol      
So you didn't lie about this vote.
That would pay for a lot of healthcare.
Now fix Obamacare. Don't repeal it.
Gonna pay 4 it on backs of medicare patients elderly/disabled? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy & impeach #1 threat natl security #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Ridiculous amount, stop the saber rattling, take care of the vets and cut back. That is needed elsewhere...INFRASTRUCTURE!
Remember the good ol' days....back in 2000 when the budget was around 360 billion & we could afford to take care of the vulnerable?
Now it's bombs over children, jets over seniors, drones over infrastructure. It's an abusive relationship this nation has when it comes 2
It's citizens.
OK. Now vote NO on #CassidyGraham  or #GrahamCassidy either one is fine to vote NO on. Think about AZ pre-existing conditions patients.
and yet we have no money for healthcare. glad we can take care of the military but it also your responsiblity to take care of  all Americans
What about Repeal of OBAMACARE, Tax Reform, Funding for National Security Measures (The WALL)? Follow through on What YOU promised, pledged
EVERYONE HATES YOU SONGBIRD! AND NOW WE ALL KNOW YOUR JUDGMENT IS COMPROMISED...YOU ARE HATED BY EVERYONE!
Vote no on Cassidy graham bill work together and get a fair bill without destroying families who need pre existing and no caps help us
@TheDemocrats @Morning_Joe THAT IS NICE NOW SHOW US TRUMP TAXES
Sir, please don't let your governor influence your vote on this latest health care absurdity. Stand up again & vote no on behalf of America.
Your family has unlimited resources to fight for you. I am so glad they do. Shouldn't we all be able to fight cancer for those we love?
Now follow that up with saving our healthcare! Do not support this #GrahamCassidyِ bill... call it out now #SaveOurCare
It disgusts me that the lives of ordinary people are worth so little. A serious illness has the power to bankrupt and destroy families.
Yip , but you sunk healthcare, get your buddies that started obamacare to help you get a plan together for hc, people are suffering
What is the value of a life? Is your worth more? Do you deserve treatment more than me? My child? My students?
Now, if you can stop threatening to murder 48k Americans a year by denying healthcare, you might actually be a decent person.
My students all have pre-existing conditions. You will make their lives a living hell and cause their parents grief. Is that what you want?
Money that could be used for cancer research.
Yet Americans don't get health care. Where are our priorities
Could be more money than needed!?
Do you know what therapy costs for autistic children who need OT, speech or behavioral therapy?  Parents would go bankrupt.
How about my students with peanut allergies? Do you know how much an epipen costs?
My students have seizures. Do they get denied insurance because of how they were born? You want to block their access to medication?
Obama said the ACA (vetted for months) was not perfect and invited people to better it... the GOP wants no vetting time for proposals.
How much goes to the troops and their families? How much goes for corporations to get richer?
World dominance is important to some plutocrats and some military minds, but healthcare and education is important to most Arizonans.
@nytimes 
Not Trump still waiting for their real Pres Leader
All Thank to
@SenJohnMcCain great job on @congressorg floor! n who voted
Who has the right to decide if your life is worth more than mine?

We spand 55%of the budget on military. But you and your evil Nazi party won't spand a dime on HEALTH CARE? Shame on this country#SaveTheACA
What if I had brain cancer? Don't I deserve a chance to live?
Why do rich senators get healthcare and normal people don't?
Don't you think people should get to see doctors like you do?
Correct - the harder question is, will we escape the BCA cap ($549B) or not. Only time will tell, but perhaps optimism is warranted.
How about passing healthcare so everyone can get cancer treatment?
How about passing healthcare so people don't die?
How about passing healthcare for all?

1. If the latest attempt to repeal Obamacare becomes law, people who get cancer could face $140,000 surcharges https://goo.gl/yeiW25 
Very few of us even have that amount of money to begin with yearly, are you kidding me!
@SenJohnMcCain $700B for the Pentagon, but not enough money for healthcare subsidies. You seriously don't see a problem here? #healthcare

I will tell you , that planning for the next presidential election is important
Senator; make sure Trump don't pocket that like the FUNDRAISING MONIES HE STOLE UNDER HIS CONTROL.
HE'S A THIEF GANSTER
Disgraceful. I would rather see that money go to infrastructure, healthcare, education...
Plenty of money to go to war but not enough provide Medicaid for veterans? Shame on you for supporting #GrahamCassidy
I support our military but how then do you justify taking healthcare away from our veterans?  #GrahamCassidyNO
Sir did u sell out the American people on H/C to get this spending bill?  I pray that u understand that we all still need Good afordable H/C
Meanwhile, let's talk about health care-Defending America means defending American's right to healthcare. No #GrahamCassidyِ
John McCain stand your ground, forget what Ducey wants and represent us, your constituents, and vote no on ACA repeal!
that's great but can we now make sure it's spent wisely!
We are extremely good at killing, we'll spend everything on that but God forbid we need to see a doctor
But no money for health, clinical research, education, infrastructure. Just more $$$ for bombs and planes that never fly!
Always money to kill. Never money to heal and educate.
It is insanity
Gonna have to take away a lot of people’s’ access to doctors for that huh?
What'd the point? To show that you are better than Trump? He is the president, embrace it, support him and don't let envy destroy you.
When you could have funded health care or education or infrastructure. Way to go, really sticking it to the people.
I would urge you to advocate for similar funding for healthcare, sir. Our citizens deserve no less. Hurting the elderly and sick isn't right
Don't vote to kill Americans
Worried about the poor getting a few $ worth of free groceries, but no amount is too much 4 the Pentagon which has no audit, ever. Jesushelp
So much for fiscal conservatism 
Okay we support troops but WHAT ABOUT us? Raising our taxes, no infrastructure fix, taking our HC away & now stealing public lands! Help us!
I see that is that why the GOP is taking healthcare any from millions vote NO give our children a fighting chance to live
If congress doesn't act in an open bipartisan manner to protect health care, there will be fewer Americans for military to protect
Did you sell your no vote to repeal the ACA for military spending, Sir? Millions will lose coverage & preexisting condition protection. 
Senator, please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. We need bipartisan debate, amendments, and full CBO score.
OK, OK, but please now focus on not ripping healthcare from millions who truly need it!  We all do not have the coverage you enjoy, pd by us
Why?!?!
since you will gut the American people with the HC bill, there's more money to wage war. Congrats
$XAR wow
Was it passed with regular order?  Stick to your guns on health care and regular order.

the most important way to spend our money? blow up 100X any other country. What about climate/ hurricanes, the sick and the net security?
Thrilling.
Geez McCain lined his pockets good for this one
Pls don't vote 4 the Jim Crow/Graham/Cassidy non-healthcare bill
Yet no health care for the citizens of the US? No CBO Score? #noGrahamCassidy
Spend, spend, spend, without audit or restraint. Yossarian would see that nothing has changed.
And you want to use that money for sex reassignment surgery for people I bet.
Great we got the best military in the world. But my health care cost as much as my rent
Did the dems help with that? Has the dems helped with the #GrahamCassidyBill ?
Make no mistake thought...we will screw the people for it.
You do know your hate for Trump is killing you and your reputation! Get the GOP platform campaign promises on Trump's desk ASAP!
They had to. The kickbacks will help them pay for their fifth house.

Great now let's pass a bill to give all veterans that are on compensation a big pay raise and our military to
My 7 year old has epilepsy and needs you to vote no on #GrahamCassidy !! Please protect her insurance! This is life or death for so many!
But we don't have the money...

Seriously I hope for your kids sake that they get their act together.
Congrats to the senate. We've downsized to much! Military stretched too thin. @MilitaryEarth
TRUMP Says Elton John has Nuclear Weapons. ..So Republicans Give Him More Money. ..This is Absolutely NUTS
No #GrahamCassidyِ
Retire, old man!!
