So sad that Trump has compromised you, Senator, by hiring your wife. Such an obvious power move on his part.
What are the chances the Senator even knows what Twitter is?
Are u serious? Healthcare; kushner; treason; nepotism; allies destroyed; Russian infiltration; Mueller; fbi! HELLO??
Sticking to the real pressing issues of our time...nice!
Let Ogonercare go belly up, then do the repairs!!!
I can't believe ur a maybe on #trumpcare, between that & the Comey hearings, I'm losing respect for you fast #NoTrumpCare #ImpeachTrumpNOW
We are so proud of @DougDomenech! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
What the hell happened to you. You were a hero. Now, you're a coward. And cowed by @realDonaldTrump, @SenateGOP  @SenateMajLdr 
#VoteNoAHCA
I don't see anything here as to how you are voting on ACA?
Do the RIGHT THING! Not the GOP thing which is Greed Over People.
VOTE NO please!
Why is it that u are not disclosing ur big donors list??? What do we have here, Obama Jr.?, got to hide everything!!!
Please vote NO on the health care bill! We are counting on you to do the right thing, Senator!
Really? I would feel sorry for, not congratulate anyone nominated to this admin. Some friend you are!
That's "troubling".
Vote no on health care. I know you wouldn't vote for a bill that would kill Americans. Right?
Please follow Chaffetz out the door and don't let it hit ya on way out!
Shut up, coward. Until you vote down #BRCA, no one cares what you have to say about anything or anyone.
Anymore
Your friend gets a job. Your wife gets a job. What did you trade? Vote No on Senate Health Care Bill.
Please vote no to proceed with BHCA.
Another swamp monster I assume.  Only reason for you to congratulate anyone.  Please retire!
McCain gets funding from George soros
Thank you for your lifelong service Sir. I know my words of gratitude could never repay you for all u have given and what u still give today
Sen.McCain I want to tell u how much I enjoy watching Meghan on outnumbered. She is an intelligent beautiful young woman.So proud I'm sure..
What the hell happened to you. You were a hero. Now, you're a coward. And cowed by @realDonaldTrump, @SenateGOP  @SenateMajLdr 
#VoteNoAHCA
John You must vote No on H/C Bill
Or every child, disabled, seniors, less fortunate deaths will be on you & your conscience-including wifey
Please vote no on the health bill. We need you to stand for those whose voices aren't being heard
Yeah, congrats Doug. What about that healthcare bill, though?
What about the 22 million who are about to lose their healthcare? YOU could stop this!
Healthcare affects dems&repubs. Why not let both dems&repubs decide it? Work together.Find a bipartisan solution. Show us you actually care.
Really? ACA, Russian cyber attack on Europe, Syrian chemical weapons and THIS is your tweet?
AZ ppl have spoken: AHCA is NOT for US. Plz Stand Tall. Facts R facts. CBO=facts. NO ON AHCA! UR country needs U again, Maverick!
The healthcare bill is horrible, but as we all know you will vote for it. What happened to the "maverick"? RETIRE!
What's wrong with that statement?  Oh yeah, the part about "my friend'...  Who the hell cares if your friends get nominated.
You are still irrelevant. Retire and move to Russia
When are you going to quit pretending to be a Republican John. Time to go over to the dark side where you belong.
#HealthcareBill Senator... Speak to this abomination of a "healthcare" bill...
Thanks John, 12 more #DemonRats blocked...

You should resign, get a real #GOP in who will support @realDonaldTrump

#termlimits, #USA1st
He will serve the gay community well and broaden our horizons! #Pride2017 
Domenech is a catalan surname, you are mix of all the natinalities of europe.
If u would add term limits to the health bill you would get a lot more support from us, the little guy
Blah blah blah.  Stand up to Trump. America is counting on you.   It's people before party!!   #trumpcare=deathcare
U r the person who leaked private info from the WH. Let's see treason death penalty and u need to be stripped of the Purple Heart
Yippee! Another white old conservative man to join an abysmal administration. Hurray for us!!!
Sen McCain, please vote NO on Trump Care (because e clearly doesn't care) and please fight to fix the holes in the ACA.
Poor guy.   Who would want to be a part of this admin.
Who cares. Where do you stand on your parties healthcare law?  Will you vote yes like a good little partisan? Or just once care about people
This entire admin operates more like Insular Affairs every day
@SenJohnMcCain you're  Fake News Network is going down for all the Russia fake reports. You need to go down with them. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA!
Oh good. Another lobbyist.

Thanks for the info, maverick.
VOTE NO! On taking benefits from the poor to give to the rich.

No one cares, John. There's traitors in the WH & a plan to kill the poor. You know better.
How is cindy's new gig in WH going. Your payoff 4  embarrassment @POTUS to stay in power. Can't blv I am saying this mb u r no hero per djt
sad. You're not for the ppl.take from poor give to rich. Thanks for putting grandma in streets
hot down there? Looking for more northern waters?
Healthcare, John. Focus just for a bit. Are you really in favor of kicking millions of vets and families off insurance and Medicaid support?
Insular affairs? 
I mean, I know this administration has grown insular, but I didn't realize there was a secretary to manage it!
Anyone nominated by trump for anything is tainted because they were nominated by trump. Potential career ending decision to accept nom.
@POTUS needs to rethink that decision.  Birds of a feather? Let's hope not!
Let try getting to work
At least he is a Scientist John
Congratulations to @SenJohnMcCain on all the millions you've raised for your foundation
Supreme court reinstates travel banYES. @realDonaldTrump
Nice your freind is getting a job Senator.
Now make sure 23 million don't lose health insurance and vote NO on trumpcare
Ah another CROOK! Just what we need. More out of touch white American male 2 SCREW the country over! #McCainNoHero #GOPKillsYOU
I suggest you should mention his practicing religion, its a big factor now in #US.
Healthcare for millions of Americans is at risk. Please vote no on Trumpcare.
Vote No on Senate Health Care Bill
Do you support the healthcare bill that will deprived 22 million Americans of health care?
Was he funded by Soros too?  Please retire Sir.
Your tinfoil hat needs repairs.
Call Now! #trumpcarekills and Republicans don't Care
