How about oversight on the wasted tax payers money by Mueller & Co on a witch hunt investigation created by Dems & RINOS?
Not a witch hunt?  Then give me 1 piece of REAL evidence (no rumor/accusation).  Searching hard 2 years =NOTHING.  Get over your fairytale
And that is evidence of what crime?  NONE
Let's not forget video of Obama telling Russia he could do more for them after the election when Hillary won. Now there's collusion EVIDENCE
Contracts must be made between the VA and outside caregivers for the vets.  Costs on the outside is whatever goes and not consistent.
Better yet. For PRE9/11 100% physically wounded vets allow them the Caregiver Stipend POST 9/11 rec. it's up to $2977mo extra for vet w PTSD
Has the Senator know heard of the Deported Veterans Support House?  Many require VA benefits: https://www.facebook.com/DeportedVeteransSupportHousePage/ …
A man who left POWs to die. SMH
How about more oversight of "Defense" budget and spendings??? Billions of dollars still unaccounted. When's the last time Pentagon audited?
Senators need to start working FOR the American People and WITH our @POTUS! It's ridiculous! We want results, not talk, talk, talk. #USA1st
Soon as you repeal ACA, Senator. Oh, wait...
Senators want to have oversight to grab bonus money. Oversight this , pass health care and stay out of the VA.
The people want BETTER accountability from you lame Senators. Respect the will of the people or face our wrath at the ballot box.
What are going to do to help with crazy health ins rates we are dying with? Do what u said u would & repeal & replace! I have to pay $2k mo
They need to be held accountable for screwing our vets. Vets shouldn't have to fight for healthcare, Ever!
Senators should speak out that Trump is unfit for office
He is the best President we've had in a long time.
When did you start caring I worked at the VA veterans don't like you.
Can they do so competently without politicizing it?  They don’t do well with their own parties or whitehouse.
We need term limits to get more done.
U have credibility on VA.  Been in senate for 100yrs and VA sucks worse than ever
We want to know who paid for the Trump dossier. What was your involvement?  We will find out and I fear it won't be good for you
Your constituents wish you were a man of your word!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Go away.  Please don't make us watch you pass away in you chair on tv.
You should be focusing on impeaching Trump. Wake up before it's too late.
Wonder why you didn't go to your Local VA for treatment but I guess that would of be silly with you knowing how bad you have made them.
I wish senators wanted more oversight on the powers of the POTUS with regard to the first-strike of nuclear weapons.
POTUS has almost no first-strike capability. Can't just pick up the phone and fire off missiles. Requires Senate-confirmed official to
...authenticate the order to launch; if nobody confirms, military will not launch. Period.
What's hurting this nation is John McCain-please go away.  Your time has passed & your thoughts, opinions, words mean NOTHING! in the grass
Taxpayers want health care and fewer guns killing us
You have been in Congress while Veterans died. Who woke you up
Good
Follow Corker’s lead and call it like it is
Why? So you can screw them even worse with all words & no action?  You don't give a shit about anyone but you.
It's amazing that Dotard & Pence spend our tax $'s so wastefully! Dotard & family are bleeding us dry. GOP are conservative? NOT with our $
Like you need to lecture us on how to spend money
Oh, just great.  More idiots running VA budgets. Are you kidding?
HEALTHCARE IS A PROFIT DRIVEN BUSINESS! What is so hard about that.. You have across-state-lines competition...YOU HAVE FIXED THE PROBLEM!
If trump signs the bill giving the ability for across state lines competition of health ins... That alone fixes almost all of the problem.
You say you're a republican.. you agree with the above statement, John?
Wanna make sure it's all securely funneled? Huh, John?
Senators want more oversight = Senators are going to screw everything up. The US Senate us as crooked as a crowbar.
What about the government sponsored European trip the head of the VA took....all on our dime?
You've sat with your eyes close for how many years. Oversight, that's putting it lightly. Retire Rino
Sen.McCain, how many Congress members does Trump need to single out, shame, libel, lie about & scorn before GOP stands up as one against him
GOP stand up, that's asking way too much. Drain it
Americans want term limits and you and pelosi and warren and Feinstein and the rest of congress who have been there way too long to retire
You're in over your head now. You reached full capacity years ago.
First prove you can do your elected positions before we give you more over site!

Not enough pork?
10.09.17  Trump is golfing again today. He has yet to mention our four brave soldiers killed in Niger four days ago.

@HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Obama was playing golf when they decapitated that reporter do what's your point
Trump is always playing golf. He's a loser. No wall , no "health care on the first day ", no Infrastructure Bill, no tax bill. NOthing.
Just so you know I no longer take any of you seriously because you have no solutions you won't accept what I suffer through everyday
I'm sorry you had it hard. Happy you are doing well. Don't make assumptions about me or anyone else.
Come on Senators have had years to make it right ...
I'll be glade when your gone. You are not for the people. You make no sense. And you are not a hero.
I want to see more oversight on cabinet member spending.
I want to see senators moved to Obama Care - when they have to live it I bet republicans/maybe Dems too will repeal/replace instantly
Constituents want Afghanistan explained.
How many  actually deployed?
How many in theater?
Time line
Budget
Exit strategy
Responsibilities
No I  don't we don't inform the enemy of our strength keep them guessing don't be nosey if you needed to know you would

#retire
We need crooked senator oversight ,starting with you. McCain scandals-look it up he's got to go
How about firing some of the political appointees and  bureaucrats friends cut the waste we have and allow vets to see local doctors.
Looks like you helped fund a FBI plot too frame our President, Fake Russia Trump dossier, what do you have to say about that snitch!
Problem with politicians is more control but you can't control the government now! More oversight so you can have hearings and feel good.
Why? So they can screw it up just like the democrats and YOU did with Obamacare?
Since when?  You haven't done shit for veterans.  You've been part of the problem in DC for many years.
boy ,where were your concerns before President Trump,  you are so freekin pathetic, how many years have you been in DC, you angry old man
30+ years in office, bad V.A. service the entire time, and now you think you can fix it? Honestly it's about undermining POTUS RETIRE Brutus
Thank you, sir!
John McCain today nothing more than a self serving millionaire
One Vote Johnie.  Step down.
Yes, so you guys can just waste more why didn’t you do something about it a long time ago can’t take care of We the people money  waste
Then start by oversight of
Someone should be trying to recruit any able bodied men because your Idiot boss is trying to start a war!!
You mean the same Senators (like you) who screwed up the VA to begin with?  How about giving someone else a try?
Don't they pass a budget?  Nothing wrong with vets report but don't need micromanagement.
Solution to this is simple,give vets what they need,stop paying for huge bonuses,inflated travel,and eliminate half the bureaucrats.
Congress has already destroyed the VA what more damage do u seek Traitor McCain?
I want you to provide more oversight of ongoing military operations & mission creep. Too many troops dying under Trump!
That tops todays dumbest tweets. Do you even have a clue how many have died in the past administration. We are now cleaning up there mess.
Set taxes aside and SUPPORT CORKER.
Screw him kick all lifers out!
What about Obamacare?
Sen McCain I am a Veteran and know you will look out for us.
How about working with Corker on 25th amendment draft to get rid of Trump?
How about you walk a short pier with your rino
How much oversight of VA budget spending did you request the past 8 years? All you do is bitch and never do your job.
The Senate can't handle today. Totally disappointed with the lot and McCain as well. Work on term limits.
Citizens want entrenched establishment gone ....both sides ..and save the voting booth nonsense. You get millions to flood election year ads
How many years have you done nothing here Senator? Please retire John
As long as "oversight" doesn't include removing funds. VA needs someone to run ramrod the whole system.
All you people do is screw shit up.
Why? You had that for 8 years and you screwed the veterans.
Dear John,
"Funding crisis" is the GOP method. STOP IT. It goes away. 
Thank you for your service.
How about we fix immigration before messing with actual citizens. Especially ones who have served their country.
The VA went downhill  on your watch over the last few decades. Just please resign
McCain is he the Manchurian candidate or a Soros puppet? I do not advocate violence or hate. Only real reciprocation with teeth #90%media
Thanks Senator - ALL government budgets need transparency and oversight - secrecy ALWAYS leads to inefficiency and fraud.

When Anakin Skywalker turned to Dark Side, he knew everything, believed he was greatest & blamed others for his failures
Go away, McCain.  Forever.
Just Think Traitor you will soon be spending eternity hanging with your arms behind your back, Satan has a spot just for you!!
the new VA medical plan that @realDonaldTrump revealed for the public to witness should be implicated in all medical facilities. without ..
"competative" prices as he stated in the same interview. a veteran is a soldier that gave his/her life for this nation. it is not a bill.
I hope it’s for the right reasons.
All talk no action
SO FUNNY! McCain & others IMPOTENT during Obama years now desperate to regain political power they lost.
Decades of unresolved issues with VA caused by >>> power whores/meddling members of Congress most of which have never been inside a facility
Also... #Flint STILL DOESN’T HAVE CLEAN DRINKING WATER!
Didn’t obama fix that? 
Oh, you mean the guy with a GOP majority House AND Senate? 
You must mean the Democrats in Republican clothing.
Isn't Arizona the worst run  john mccain
...but don’t give a flying turd about Trump’s golf expenses.
citizens want a decent POTUS
You should include Medicaid drug prices as well. Insulin thru Medicaid $175 without $25. Seems like a no brainer!
How about protecting our Medicare John? Fixed income seniors are going to be devastated if u allow Trump to break a contract with retirees
Speak only for yourself.
We are speaking for ourselves in the MASSES!
Just like Obama let all those Veterans die before they got Care! & Gave Bonuses to the head of the VA! Show U R true colors U R A DEMOCRAT!!
Meanwhile, same senators okay with increasing our bloated military budget, and getting us into more conflicts.
Makes the weapons-maker Donor$ happy.
The only one that golfed every weekend was worthless asshole Obama. Screw our country up for 8 yrs. Terrorist in disguise!
But WH spending, meh!
Can we get more oversight on @POTUS and @VP publicity stunt spending as well?  Not to mention the private planes by admin...
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/29/flight-furor-obama-officials-also-took-pricey-non-commercial-planes.html … Obama administration used private planes too, I’m sure you were just as vocal for that too?
Yawn.
How about more oversight of your @potus and @vp spending?

Trump has spent 71 days on the gold course since January.

What did VP cost Sun?
Retire F’ers
Hope more lifers well leave before elections. Need to kick all these lifers out of office. Did nothing but kiss Obama was for 8 yrs.
Not a bad idea as long as service improves and vets actually get the service they deserve
