How about that Russian Dossier McCain! How much money have you taken from Soros?
Not as much as Trump took from Vlad, comrade.

 
YOU are the ones defending a traitor working with a communist country. We are the ones fighting against communism, pencildick.

NO EVIDENCE https://twitter.com/ap/status/915702579325218816 …
Yeah linking to a white supremacist on Vlad's payroll is exactly like crying to Vlad honey
The ads were purchased by your friend Hillary, Sir. Not Putin. Wake Up. There is no collusion with Russia, never has been. how much did it
That's why they can't find any evidence on the collusion?? Give me a break! Senate Intel is still looking for anything to impeach this man.
Trust me they are looking and they are coming up EMPTY.
And you know that how?
It was just on the news, all channells or do you just troll Trump supporters and bash them?? It was all over the news.
I still can't believe people believed that nonsense. :(
It's not that big of a stretch for the people that believe Fox News
Or Trump supporters. They will believe everthing.
yes. We especially believe when Comey said Hillary was extremely careless.  Why would I want an extremely careless president.
Why would you want an extremely demented asshat for president. At least HRC has experience and all her marbles.
I love what we got. Hopefully he will be around for two full terms.  #maga

Good day, U&I don't agree on all, but you're HONORABLE. Twit#s cannot allow me to describe, PLS Fight for the USofA.
Seriously admit your a Democrat
this is sooooo stupid. I never saw any of these ads. I read articles, know the constition &want GOD &accountability back. Hillary was unjust
I think you and your Democrat buddies are doing just fine on your own dude
They are bad
Please help Us Puerto Rico  we are US Citizens
Hasn't john McCain already divided America?

It appears that 45's supporters guzzle this garbage down...so easy for the Russians
Right!?!?!
@SenJohnMcCain how many of them did you pay for? Seems like that aligns with exactly what your goals are.
Wise up, Stand up for our President Trump
If you saw these ads, YOU were targeted by a foreign power. 

FIGHT back. STAND up. DEMAND your elected officials do something about it!
Good idea, but will they listen and do something to make it stop.
Can we impeach him now? D foundation of American democracy was attack and traitors assisted. Our comrades died protecting our democracy
Very clever. Images and ads like these, targetted at fearful provincial people, convey a world of organized groups threatening their normal.
Thank you for this posting-America needs to get it's head out out of the sand and look at what is happening-and that trump is not concerned.
Some people will do anything for money.
Still lots of Russians trolls around.
Dividing america started with the tea party and the crazy rhetoric of the likes of Palin... I REMEMBER CLEARLY !
50% of these adverts we're done after the election & 25% wasn't even published
Like you haven’t been doing that. 
I don’t read this shit! I was the only one in the ballot box. Didn’t vote for #CrookedHillary just like I didn’t vote for u! #RINO
Putin got exactly what he wanted an incompetent president that he can use as a puppet!!!!!!
Mr McCain. Did you participate in the golden shower folder?
Why pay for an ad?  You are doing a great job helping the division w/just your salary and pay offs from your liberal friends!
Some of us are aware of the dangers Russia poses...others choose to ignore i.e. GOP and Trump. Scary!!!!!
Thank you for these examples. I remember a couple of them. Some are so poorly worded I knew they were fake.
Thank you for sharing
Tip of the iceberg.
And one McCain trying to destroy the Trump presidency, and a very proud never trumped. Not good
Isn't it strange Russia interfered in France & Germany election as well but only in the US it gets investigated. Guess it depends who wins
guess FB should do the same thing for the ads that favorite Clinton bought by other countries
#retire
What sort of idiot believes something just bc it's in print? My Dad taught me that when I was in 4th grade!
Really McCain? Can you just for once separate the pure hate you have for Pres Trump & Russia? Common sense tells me all you & Zuckerberg
#2 care about is power & money. Just yourselves!!! You lie to us, your constituents. You jumped on that "Dossier" in hopes to get Trump.
Said the Traitorous RINO #SongbirdMcCain ...
And your contribution everyday berating, and obstructing POTUS? RETIRE Brutus
Thank you for helping to educate Americans. This is not a partisan issue but rather an American issue.
Mccain only tweeted this out bc he's in an ad. Which no matter how much I dislike McCain, I don't believe he started ISIS. It's called
#2 common sense. Something libs lack I see as  they continue lying about Pres Trump just bc they hate him. Libs are dividing w hate rhetoric
Shut up John
you have lost your mind. You are paranoid. You can't be trusted to make decisions affecting 300+ million people. Resign
Didn't you just meet with Russians? Why didn't you address it then? Or are you trying to scare people again? I no longer support you
Retire John
Resign now.
#weseeyou
By the way. The ads succeeded because they were broadcast and amplified by trump and is complicit in aiding and abetting Russian espionage
Hey Mr Swamp Dweller.  You devide us, not Facebook.  Hit the road.

Senator has not American done the same. Citizens United opened door for this interference.
Using below tool I identified 18 bot replies 2 this tweet. Stopped at 18-so cld be more. Pls ask @twitter 2 address 
https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
That list should include the shootings that are designed to challenge our Rights.
Just impeach the *potus already!
Impeach him for WHAT!!??? Are you blaming this on Trump too??   Sick if you liberal geniuses. Keep listening to #FakeNews.
Don't miss the forest for the trees. These efforts put Trump in office and he has obstructed investigation into them. He must be impeached.
Better yet, we should have a new election via constitutional amendment. Would be non-controversial if GOP was honest.
I don't think I'll say "Merry Christmas" until 45 is out of office BECAUSE I am a deeply committed Christian.  #Resist #Resistance #Freedom
wow. the hypocrisy in this tweet is so sad. PS you are not a christian with this comment.
Why would you even post this? Oh it has you mentioned in one of them. If this is what we can expect from you, pettiness will be your legacy.
Here is the problem John we know it a cover up with you Andrew McCabe. Not buying you bull shit. lier
AND this is why I deactivated my FB account last week. Plus w/CEO denying he had "no clue" around election time &just recently saying I did.
Rino going to rino. Nice fake news.
Retire RINO
I'm sick of your constant tweets. Stop telling us to read fake news.
Wow. Trolls out

Using below tool I identified 18 bot replies 2 this tweet. Stopped at 18-so cld be more. Pls ask @twitter 2 address 
https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
Understand their geopolitical motive. What's your motive for dividing us?
No they forgot 1 which is YOU. boy those skeletons have a way of dancing out of the closet all on their own. put ur pettiness aside stop
U lecturing Mattis & Kelly re Trump? UR a traitor! Stop ur damn hatred for Trump & appoint Pentagon members NOW! POS TRAITOR! RESIGN NOW!
So, Senator, you realize this means that the 2016 election is invalid, no? What will you do to put the right person in the White House?
The current corrupt WH administration is there at Russia's behest.
John, in your gut-don't put party first, isn't this alone enough to call the 2016 Presidential Election a fraud? He'll never be my President
#NRABloodMoney
Someone is blocking many #facebook users  from Puerto Rico who share the truth news about the humanitarian crisis. Who is doing this?
Also came across this :
JUST WATCH CNN OR MSN,ABC,CBS,NBC THEY ARE DIVIDING COUNTRY PUSHING RACISM ON A DAILY BASIS THEY LIE AND MAKE SHIT UP THEY DONT RETRACT LIES
*45 echoes the "Merry Christmas Again" sentiment at the Scouts Jamboree. He is the enabler of fake news. He is a fake president.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Tweets man who paid English spy for fake Trump dossier with Soros/Clinton cash.,,and gave more guns to ISIS than anyone except Hillary/OBama
Hey many votes did this guy get?
And the Donald is still a

Work on writing your resignation letter John!
Please, do something to stop this ahead of 2018-2020. They WILL BE BACK. And there are many people who believe all they see... 
JOHN MCCAIN DIVIDES AMERICA...DISGUSTING LIBERAL WAR TRAITOR! GOOGLE IT! YOU'LL SEE!
More disappointing to me was that not one single person in GOP leadership spoke out, in context, the sentiment behind Black Lives Matter.
Then why would we read them only encourages it
#FSBbook
I'm guessing the Fake Trump Dossier you were involved in leaking had a lot more impact on the election than this stupid crap.
See Bruno Amato tweet today of burning flag on Facebook. Still going on
cost you to get it from Steele then bring it to FBI, Collusion with DNC is more like it!!
Are u really spending our tax dollars to dig THIS shit up? These are ridiculous & obviously had no bearing on Election results.
Idiot.
So do something about it
So the guy that supplied  the Fake Russian Steele dossier is suddenly concerned with Russia dividing us. What a hypocrit you are. Not a hero
Yet the Pres. continues to deny. Why Mr. McCain? Shouldn't he be the first to watch out for our Democracy?
"Continues to deny" or you're just wrong.
Number of impressions before vote?  How effective were impressions?  #jouralism
Why john?
It's Mew; andrew Joseph Leonard, Commander In Chief. Mr. McCain, we are In World War 4, World War 1 is not over. FoxNews Is WRONG. Dominant.
Meanwhile CNN and MSNBC put them to shame and you do nothing
For all your Pomp and peagentry @facebook you are no better for sleeping with enemy to make more profits - shame on you Facebook
Between @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NRA @Heritage and the Rooskies USA under @realDonaldTrump has become the laughing stock of the world.
Saddest part is that @GOP @HouseGOP @freedomcaucus @TPPatriots are willing to destroy USA in their winner takes all fight against reason.
Saw several ... the Merry Christmas one was shared like crazy
Oh wow John McCain now Jumping on Hillary's band Wagon and blaming Face Book for her Losing Big Surprise here huh?
You know staffer, there are so many things going on we the American people who pay your salary don’t want to see tweets like this
Retire Mcstain
I'm rooting for the cancer!!!
Bullshit u liar. Russia Russia Russia!!!! I like Russians u p.o.s. Putin has 85 percent approved. His people love him. False propaganda!!!
so are you gonna apologize to america for spreading the russian fake news piss dossier now that you know you not the only idiot out there?
Social media should be treated like the mainstream media.  Vet the information before you broadcast.
Not that you need any help to be divided
John, What are you doing about it?
About what?
Gun Laws Now

