...remember guys...it's not terrorism when McCain does it.
...let's examine McCain's investments in weapon manufacturers who will profit directly from this. #collusion
President Trump has NEVER been an Obama echo
POTUS still hasn't signed sanctions bill! #TrumpRussia #POTUStruecolors
He's signed that don't worry but your life won't be better from it.
Lets end the wars. You want the gas pipeline in order to cut Russia out of their gas sells to Europe. You'd send US troops to die for money
McCain i know there's a God in heaven. I hope he'll punish you harshly for the war you try to waken against humanity.
No thanks. WSJ is Fake News and you're a Fske Republican. Retire already.
Вам неудасться ничего на украине ваши нацисты ублюдки чьими руками вы там устроили переворот долго не протянут
So like ISIS let's arm more terrorist! Ukrainian terrorist!
Traitor on healthcare! Who can trust you? wishi washi senator. Sickening to see you give a high five to that cronie Schumer after your vote!
Thank you for your service, sir. POTUS won't lift a small finger #putinlapdog
Yes- that's called a pocket veto.
You disgust me!
America decided to help Ukrainian fascists?
Ground zero for the failed VA is in your city. Why have you done nothing to improve it?? You talk a lot, but I never see any action from you
He is a RINO, Trump is trying to help Vets, McCain is like all Democrats, just noise, no positive action for Americans.
He knows this is his last term, so now he's showing his true colors! History will record him as a traitor to his party.
True.
Sorry Senator McCain, Ukraine is a drag on world peace. Let Russia have one of the most corrupt country in the world.
McCain needs that corrupt system i'm sure he makes money on it but innocent ppl die
We (The US) have a legal and moral obligation under the Budapest Memorandum to defend Ukraine specifically from Russian aggression. 
So we are playing a game of who can rake up the most debt and dead bodies, your laughable Song Bird - should have had your op in a VA 
..the wsj and Washington post are nothing but a deep state echo chamber. That is why McCain reads that globalist garbage
Not ФР, it's need to write РФ - Российская Федерация, correct your mistake
McCain, dont mind Ukraine. Go work with the republicans. You aren't fooling anyone. You are not much of a man.
The calculus of cost might've been an incentive earlier.  Now, the reactionary right wingers in his nation won't back down. Brinksmanship.
John McCain, thank you for not voting for the disaster of a Healthcare bill. There's a lot of work that needs to be done to health-care bill
If Trump was to do this, he could actually put a feather in his cap and have some credibility left to the Presidency of the US.
Ukraine is hot bed for terrorist let's not forget the Ukrainian terrorists that attacked and killed everyone in a Russian theater!
... and you wonder why we are 20 trillion in debt. You are a terrorist.
American weapons vs Putin's scrap is like a machine gun vs spears. To be delivered ASAP and the war will finish very soon.

The dems don't have rules of decency. They will do whatever it takes to further their agenda. And this coward senator wont defend the people
You were the Dems stooge to give the Fusion GPS fake Russian dossier, credibility. So wrong, for so long, time to resign.
You are the epitome of the establishment. We are sick of your self righteous talk of bipartisanship. You just love power and media attention
Haaa. Yeah you love the VA yet you do not use it for your own health care. Pathetic.
Warmonger, time to step down! Obama/Nuland overthrew the previous Ukrainian president so Biden could get rich off natural gas!
Go away
John ... please help us be gone of Trump who has no respect for the office or us ... And the world including N Korea will capitalize on it
"Live and let live"...?
Интересно, старый пердун сможет найти со второй попытки Украину на карте Мира?
resign liar
You need to earn money from weapons to your criminal friends in ukraine
@MeghanMcCain I was told by an Insider @foxNews u run your dad's Twitter.I can tell by the wording and u retweet everything to your account.
Vote to repeal the aca . Do your job sir.
It is very sad to see an American hero be remembered as a bag of shit!     M bum  n
Use the Obamacare that you love so much for Americans but not good enough for your RINO self.
What is the Democrat war monger up to now, try doing something positive for Americans, just once.
But, I'm extremely disappointed that you are a never trumper. You should be ashamed.
If US will raise cost for RU in Ukraine, RU will probably raise cost for US in Afghanistan.
Obama care is good enough for us but not you.  you have the most luxurious medical program on the planet. Hypocrite, philanderer, immoral
I agree. Obama was weak & failed to understand most basic principles of defence/deterrence. Russia MUST pay highly for its war in Europe
Why are you even communicating anymore liar? POS! #DrainTheSewer
So let's see what he does
According to tRump the White House is a dump. As an American that's unbelievable. That place is only a dump when tRump is in it.
The STINCH from Odumbo is gone from the White House, thank god.
Now this stench filters thru. Any other president would have long since signed off on Russian sanctions.  I wonder why not this one.
Nothing you propose is worth reading are listening to your voice is dead just like you will be soon Retire & expire
How did you accumulate all that well on a politician salary? Don't answer, it's obvious we're voting you out
We already know how Trump will respond. Inaction and no comment.
read it yourself Devon second guess everything lie and staff exempt from obamacare. Hypocrite
Trump hasn't signed sanctions bill yet . What makes us think he'll sign off on this?
John, Google Rick Simpson. Research the information. It might save you. Good luck.
Why are the only positive comments for you coming from liberals? Aren't you a member of the @GOP?
Why do you receive a $12,000.00 subsidy to help cover the costs of your health care?

Why aren't you using the VA for your health care?
guessing cause he has plenty of funds and no need to burden VA which I guess to your point is s refunded interior service
Don't you find it odd that when the US pushed NATO up to Russia's front door that their reaction is considered "aggression"?
Not their front door, their border. The difference is if your neighbor considers joining a community association that covers their property
Remember when Trump helped you keep your Senate seat?
Nope, do you? Or is that a new alternative fact?
RETIRE!
Your a warmonger.Come clean on your arsenal.
Stop it John seriously man u are the buggest traitor of all u had the head of isis infront of u and u helped him not tryed to capture
Why doesn't someone just fly over there with another reset button?
He shouldn't sign it UNTIL some clauses are removed. Congress wants complete control. That means nothing ever gets done.
Did you take that picture yourself?

You're a #Hypocrite and a #Traitor
Ah. But what if the weapons were captured by the Russian army. We would have supplemented putins strength
Please just go home to  pasture. Awon/Wasserman . We know you are involved. #blackmailed
I see your fingers are working fine @SenJohnMcCain . Too bad your voice is on left side.
Awesomeness!
https://youtu.be/tqkB7d3mhzk  #UkranianCollusion of #ClintonCrimeFamily @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
How many Haitians have died to keep this horrible pilot alive? I would bet anything he doesn't even have cancer. Cover for eventual no vote.
Troll
never saw a military action you didn't want to take did yah?
whats the last "trouble spot" where you DIDN'T want to send in troops or weapons?
