republicans need to stick together thats what the country voted for. Please stop holding up everything
"The country"--i.e. the majority of American voters--voted for Hillary Clinton. FYI.
but to bad you say your not liberal you sure keep posting liberal posts. I oil my guns with liberal tears 
Did Perjury-Prone Clapper & Hack Hayden flex cyber warfare against our enemies or do they just yap their gums before McCain? Support @POTUS
it dont take but a few other idiots and you have over 50%  eber wonder why Switzerland norway Sweden Denmark voted best toLiv
or you not smart enough to figure it out
you take all mexicans blacks gays, gender whatever they're called today. Muslims ang all other minorities u have 40% dont
USA is under attack no doubt; but worst attack is from trump, knowingly or unknowingly; ACT NOW; it's costing our troops lives & much more!
@TXStarLake How about rewarding them w/invite to oval w/TASS spies & give highly sensitive Intel and lifting sanctions next
Bet trump might escape to his #kingdomAsylum in Russia or elsewhere afterwards, bcuz he has an exit strategy after giving russia much Intel
TRUMP IS A CRIMINAL
Everyday is different because we have a maniac as POTUS.  Please start impeachment process ASAP!
Warmonger at it best@!!!Good job
How about we start by letting Russia know we will investigate their interference, into possible collusion with Trump!? Special Prosecuter!
Mr. McCain, can U then explain why your Pres/Tillerson did not even mention this to the Russians when they were exstoled in the Oval Office?
It is up to you, sir. If the GOP will not defend our democracy all those who have died to protect it will have died in vain.
Why don't you ask your buddies at the DNC, traitor?
Drain the Swamp---
Thank you Sen. We don't always agree, but you , and others like you are our only chance to preserve democracy against POTUS-#bigglymistake.
Thank you for your service.   Please put our Country first over politics.
Tell me SIR does that include YOU? @NSA changing footprints forensically to make it appear that other state actors committed our crimes?
Do the right thing.  Words without action have little value.
you're a criminal & a thug spreading lies to the world, you think everyone is stupid?
WATERGATE
Consequences??Your republican president is laughing in the wh with the people that messed with our elections. No Americans allowed in.
only ones scared now are out NATO allies
it's a sad fact
Senator McCain, in 241 years people can say you saved the republic. Or you will not be a footnote in history. Jerk him from @Whitehouse now
It's time for you to step up now about Donald Trump and the Russian activities. We know you are a patriot. Don't wait any longer.
You are a traitor as well if you don't call for an independent prosecutor. I used to think you were a hero. SAD
We r desperate for a hero. Consider ur legacy. Consider ur children. Consider our democracy.
Senator, please. Save our country. Impeach Trump.
What we don't need right now is protection for the future. Be a patriot again and name a special prosecutor...stop treason and insanity
Trump said "the Russians are laughing up their sleeves at us."  Come on Senator, let deal with this!
Senator McCain - you must take the lead in saving our democracy from TeamTrump.  You know what's happening in our government is not normal.
Senator, Trump supported who were asked in evening news whether they were concerned that Russians influenced elections said, "No."
They thought it was more important 2 get Trump elected, no matter How. Doesn't that attitude frighten U?
Doesn't ur support of Trump suggest u are also Ok with this attitude? Please be the voice of Democracy!
I do believe that u have tried to be less partisan than others, but we need u to help keep our Democracy.
It's time to get a independent investigation don't u hink
Exactly, we need to develop cutting edge ability to deter and then not use it for anything but defense or retaliation..kick butts if needed
I agree Senator McCain, and we cannot afford a president who wants to cozy up to the Russians.  He must be restrained by Republicans
HIGHLY, agreed! #BeenSaying!
Idiots all

An independent investigation will help achieve this goal. Trump has reasons to prevent a thorough investigation into what actually happened.
Consequences? Like oval office chummy photo ops? The Russians are clearly in complete control of our @POTUS
No drama Obama preferred to use hidden financial controls and manipulations to punish these adversaries. He liked Drones not Warriors !
There can be no consequences to Russia's cyber war until Trump/Russia is investigated.  The GOP Congress is now complicit in a coverup.
Senator, you are part of the swamp!..RETIRE!
Sorry hard to take Clapper serious when he perjured himself in front of Congress.

Apparently that behavior gets you elected President. Until you address Trump, I don't see Russia changing tactics anytime soon
You are the poster child for term limits
Putin controls Oval Office. You support it too.
Until you grow some balls and demand an I depended counsel the lies, obfuscation and treasonous behavior won't change.
I actually should change that. You are an incredibly brave man. Your service to our country outstanding./1
Ooh, tough talk.  Very impressive.  Leaks are as damaging as the data is incriminating.  Best defense is to be open and honest.
If you really want to keep something secret, maybe don't connect it to the internet.    ?    /c:
Behaviors won't change with #45. Independent investigation mandatory.
Then why are you supporting a president who enables their behaviors?
Think about our children, if we didn't impose consequences to their negative actions, they'd grow up as unruly, arrogant citizens.
If Trump is ever charged, how many Republican Senators will be charged with aiding and abetting? Everyone of them I think.
Lol you played the biggest role in giving them benefits. 
Our IC should have punched them back hard. 
But playing politics was your priority
Senator, you keep enabling POTUS by voting with your party.  You can change his behavior by making him suffer consequences for his actions.
You should be put on trial for your fake dossier.Where the whole fake Russian/collusion garbage comes from.
If 45 is not guilty he should support an independent prosecutor. Then u can laugh at the  left. Why would innocent Potus not support?
Read the dossier ....
Did you see the face expressions of our enemies enjoying the comfort of our WhiteHouse yesterday?
who are our enemies the n koreans. Or the crybabie liberals when they dont get their way. Democrats grandstand
Goldwater:"There are only so many lies U can take&now there has been one 2many. Nixon should get his ass out of the White House-today!"
Well Senator, what are you going to do about it?  Or are you owned by @SenateMajLdr ?
I watched your interactions with DNI Clapper and no matter what else was said listen to him when he says we are in a cloud of unceratinity
McCain, jus leave the Senate
