A #Dbag watching the #Dbacks
#Dbag calling a decorated veteran names while sitting on couch 
He sold out his country in Vietnam look it up Songbird
I had 2 husbands in special forces.
well I thank them for their service.  And I'm totally sure they'd support publicly calling him names.
Well one died so he can't. But the would never betray their country like he did in Vietnam.
Glad 2 see your political position & financial benefits let U enjoy time with U'r family. Because of U, ours suffers! its about us, not you!
Loser McCain, your name will go down in History, right beside a man named Benedict Arnold. You suck
While Americans suffer under obamacare, you have the gaul to show us at the ballpark. You are a hypocrite.. You lied. lied lied. Pathetic
D-bag at the D-backs
says the couch critic. 
Says the person replying to a twitter reply....go get em tiger!
wait didn't you just do the thing you are trying to accuse me of doing? We are both tigers now! Welcome to the jungle.
Sad to say senator you're going to go to weigh all Arlen Specter did and how did they feel and he was going happy
Please stay!
Good for you .
John just imagine all of our REAL MEN AND WOMEN HEROS WHO CANT HAVE FUN WITH THEIR FAMILIES LIKE YOU CAN. Traitor! Shameful!
I don't see you working on Healthcare.  #draintheswamp
He is such a good dad he didn't give a s*** how his betrayal of the American people was going to affect his daughter's career

What a beautiful family. Wishing you a speedy recovery but it looks like that is happening already.
Too many empty seats.
It's amazing anyone wants to seen with such a vile traitor
Glad you're having a good time on taxpayers $'s.  Just got word today health insurance costs for our small business will increase 50%
Agree
Three losers sitting in a ROW
Wow, neat! Now where's your condemnation of #Charlottesville, you nazi-apologist coward?
Hope you r feeling better! Thank u for protecting ACA.
#retire McCain
Great to see you looking healthy.
Senator McCain. Enjoy your family & great baseball. Thank you, thank you for all you've done and continue to do for the USA! Blessings!
Your daughter is hot.
Let's go Healthcare you traitor. Glad your not working for Americans
#GoCubs #StandUpTo45
Love your manager, doing a great job. Sure with #RedSox still had him.
I could not be happier for a deserving family... Prayers and love to all
Please #25thAmendmentNow
Geez, he is with his family.  Leave him alone!  
We all deserve family time! 
It's probably fun to have subsidized healthcare which you and the other RINO's enjoy while the rest of us suffer under Obamacare.
Trump's taking us to war. Stop him.
You don't have to pay obamacare  premiums n deductibles  so u have  $ to go a game not like the rest of us.  Dishonorable We are dying  here
Beautiful family 
WHY DID JESUS AND GOD FEED 5 THOUSANDPEOPLE WITH A FEW FISH AND A FEW LOAVES OF BREAD?GOD KNEW THAT IS THE WAY TO SOLVE MOST THINGS WITH MAN
Traitor

Meghan has been well schooled and makes appealing choice in succeeding your lead, when you decide to spend more time as @Dbacks fan. Thanks!
Well @SenJohnMcCain at least YOU have good health insurance for your melon while the rest of the country suffers. Party in..
Enjoy John!
"You look marvelous!" on YouTube
Why aren't you at work?
stay there at the game and quit politics, tired of you always attacking our president! Don't care how you leave, cancer, retire, quit! Rino
What a lovely picture of you and your family Senator McCain.
Hope you all enjoy your time off together....you are all in my prayers....thank you folks......
Looks like the new backbone you had put in is working! Now that that surgery is over mayhaps you SUPPORT our @POTUS? Quit being a Democrat!
How convenient it must be to have such a good seat. Out of touch with normal people, but what else is new? America is sick of the McCains.
@ChuckGrassley said @SenJohnMcCain is no friend to Republicans
How appropriate Doamondbacks are snakes.
Glad you're having fun while millions suffer due your no vote on #RepealAndReplace #disgraceful
Nice
Godspeed Sen McCain. Thank you for your service to our country, on all battle fronts!
Stay healthy sir! We need solid leadership on both sides of the aisle.
Enjoy your time with family and just let all the bitterness and desire for revenge go because it is very bad for your health.
Only hope for Americans is if that Brain tumor sends you to your final home. Your head problem is causing YOU to act irrational against USA
I do not wish for him to die!  But he most certainly needs to be put in a nursing home. That face is pure evil and hate and it shows
GET SOME WORK DONE INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE GAME OH WAIT YOU NEVER DID SHIT TO BEGIN WITH OTHER THAN BAD MOUTH THE PRESIDENT
30 years of dishonorable wars and failed foreign policy  BORROW & BOMB - LET THE CHILDREN PAY
Stay strong - glad you R out and about. Get well!
Two beautiful people accompanied one Traitor.
Senator: SO proud I of how you handled the healthcare  bill. You stood for all those who couldn't stand on their own. #countrybeforeparty
Do you see how much you enjoy being with family and having fun? Retire now!!
Thanks for being a normal Republican John!
Self, country, president. In that order Just hnnie boy. The Doctors should uld radiate that thumb with your brain
May be your last
What do you say after trump bent the knee to Putin yesterday? Do you care that the USA is a laughingstock of the world? Impeach this puppet!
you know they can't beat my Dodgers .......LoL
PLEASE have a baseball hit him right in the upper eye, knock that cancer even further back into his brain
Shouldn't you be working for the American people, and if not, stepping aside so that someone with greater clarity and better health will ?
Thanks John 4 having great time-AZ goes hungry because you forced un-affordable Obamacare on them. @SenJohnMcCain Democrat weapon 4 decades
Awesome tweet
For the love of country, please retire.....today.
So thankful that you're enjoying family & this supporting event; I voted for you in '08 & consider you a statesman for all time; God bless!
Politics aside and speaking as one human being to another, here's wishing you many more happy days with your family.
Just think of how many games you could attend if you retired.  #Dbags
Looking good! Stay strong and god bless!
Oh yeah!
LETS GO @Dodgers!!
You are Great disappointment and I am not sure what to say about your performance as a representative of the USA
Nice to be on vacation while the rest of us suffer sorry you have a tumor but you need to do your job repeal Obamacare
Then earn it and get to work or leave the job you're being a traitor to the American people and the GOP
@MeghanMcCain, the radio show has gone downhill since you left. Still, I think you got out at the right time.
Support our President Trump, you have been luring to us to long.
Sticking it in the back of every middle class American who would love to seat in that seat but can't. Good PR jerk.
Glad to see you out with family. Praying for a full and speedy recovery. 
of course he was at the game. It was a great series to watch.
Traitor. What are you doing there? Aren't you suppose to be at a DEMOCRATIC committee meeting or in the hospital?
Enjoy
Good for you.  God bless 
Can someone please tell me why all of John McCain re-tweeters are globalist Democrats that want to ship jobs overseas?
John,a true American has sacrificed more for  than most,in illness he continues & earned the right 2 enjoy the greatest game on !  
Please work with your colleagues to dial back trumps irresponsible twitter threats on North Korea
Get better soon sir!
If he is well enough to be at a baseball game he is well enough to be in Washington working.
You look great John!!!!
Please retire
Praying for complete healing
How can you blame the failure in Afghanistan on Trump when he's been in office less than a year? What about the last 16yrs under bush+obama?
I can't afford professional bb games because my premiums and deductibles are so high. So glad you are having fun on my dime!
I guess u rooted against the d-backs since u are a traitor   Once a traitor always a traitor u 
How about going back to D.C. And voting to fully repeal ACA. Oh that's right ... you're a damn RINO. #VoteMcCainOut
Before, insurance was for disasters and now insurance IS THE DISASTER...cost shifting on a massive scale..so UNFAIR! Repeal OC
Your surgery makes your eyebrow look kinda bad ass.

@GOP @SenateMajLdr @speakerryan @SenJohnMcCain @GOPLeader @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Impeach Trump or deal with the nuclear fallout. @fbi 
Looking good as in healthy and happy.
#resign For the good of the county
Keep him home.
Thank God you didn't get elected !  The only time I'm thankful for Obama is when I realize you could've been president .
Getting treatment @ VA Healthcare = Single Payor, Government Run Healthcare System. Want it? #Obamacare @foxandfriends #maga #Healthcare
He should go to every game and stay out of Congress !
Senator McCain is the single most important Gvt official in our Nation. Clear thinker, passionate American, courage, example for others.
McCain's out looking for attention while he refuses to present a united front to our country. Pathetic.
Stay there!!!
Enough distractions senator. What are you and senate doing to stop dangerous and out of control trump? Act now Trump real threat to all

Dear senator McCain please get back to work and repeal and replace Obamacare! How can you live with yourself knowing you killed the chance!

Glad to see you were able to take time off from masquerading as commander in chief. #pleaseretire
Hay Maverick, i can't believe how strong you are dealing with your serious
illness. Praying for your full recovery. Many thanks.
Maybe you could take a pic dining at Ruth Chris on our dime as well.  Living large while Avg Americans pay & pay & pay
You look great Senator! My family and I are praying for you!
Senator @SenJohnMcCain - you look great!
. And you complained about President Trump tweeting. Eternity is near, are you ready?
You are a RINO! You are NOT the President of the USA! You will NEVER be President of the USA! You DO NOT have any credible advice for DJT!
#TraitorMcCain
Enjoy yourself while millions suffer because of your betrayal. To hell with you
Still think he was drunk fell and split his head open! No cancer!
the most attractive family
Should be working on ur pledge to repeal & place Obamacare.
Loose the jacket
Enjoy, rest up the country needs you! Thank you for standing for what's right!
At least you maybe good at something, going to a game.  Shut our mouth on politics and go home.
Dislike
WE LOVE YOU SENATOR MCCAIN!!!
See how your finding things (outside washington) that your finally good at..hint. hint..
Can u pay my ACA tax penalty. R u doing that? Every1 who cant afford insurance bt is working, we send our bills2 any DEM or McCain office?
Oh how cute the traitor, liar pos with his wife and daughter. If my father dumped my disabled mother I wouldn't hang out with him.
John and Cindy, lovely picture! Senator, in 97 we met in DC.Been stranded in DRC my homeland. been eyewitness Cindy's work. Praying for you!
You're still spineless John
Give us all a break,stay home. Unbelievable that you want to spend final days screwing middle America You are so power hungry and jealous
Good luck to you and your family I'm in hospital now fighting this terrible tumor so positive thoughts to you.
I respect your daughter, have nothing against the wife but you McCain are a bought traitor. Cancer sell out #MAGA
We are not having fun, watching you. Just stop! 
Can you talk to @LindseyGrahamSC about maybe not helping dear leader murder us all, seeing how he's such a big fan? We remember in November
Apparently you don't allow anyone to  sit within 3 rows of you? Pathetic. Resign. You're a  joke mcpain.
Thank you for your strength.
Very disappointed in you
Having no fun at home with two adult children who can't buy healthcare till ObamaCare Nov Open Enroll window. Then not in effect till Jan.
Welcome back John! I'm thrilled you're doing better. An American hero. Senator, we need to rein this shit in NOW! The 25th John. It's time.
Fun after failing the people on health care
Mr. McCain thanks for your Services Senator 
On ships and planes uncertain of whom and when war will be initiated at the whims of a narcissistic ideologist and demagogue ...IMPEACH
From the heavens that bound my prayers are for the hearts of men to change. ..Our troops defending our Constitution chaos..speak for them
this guy is a traitor for undermining @POTUS he worked with Obama and the Dems to manufacture Russia Hoax and spread it like CANCER
Baseball game? Good. At least you're not trying to destroy the president for 3 hours or so.
Traitor!  #MAGA
Why the heck you lost against a Kenyan citizen in 2008?
Songbird
Guess it's time to stop berrating your selfish behavior and live what i believe; forgiving hurtful people. I'm glad 4 ur chance 2b happy!
4 months of Vacation a year Congress has? What the Hell!! Get with the real working people that makes the United States!! Do some thinking!!
What's going on with you now? You can't pass the health care bill? Do you know Obamacare wants me to pay 1300 a month? Your a Democrat!!!!!!
We've been waiting years to get both houses of congress back and the WH. 7 months later, nothing done and you're at a DB game. Nice.
Actually, we would have got one thing done if you hadn't voted against it. Again, Nice.
Get well soon Senator- show everyone how a tough of a warrior you are.
Your nothing but a traitor to the United States Songbird!! My father served in Vietnam and died becouse of Agent orange!!
Another beat down by the "classless" Dodgers!!!!
Rarely agree wit him, but respect the vote he cast. Godspeed @SenJohnMcCain . Relax and get thru this.
Wishing all the best from your friends in Canada.

child w/ Autism, ADHD & ADD! So she needs health care 2! Our story isn't the only story u have probably heard! There are MILLIONS OF US!
conditions! Without health insurance I would probably shoot myself because it would be to much 4 me to buy any! My story don't end there! I
unfair , your Orange agent victims n their sons n grandsons  in Vietnam have no fun
Senator I want to personally Thank You for the way you voted on The Health Bill! I have Fibromyalgia, RA Osteoporosis & numerous other
That's great.  Unfortunately you lied to your constituents in your last act of consequential public service.  Way to go.
