Wtf, McNasty? You have enough characters left over to completely spell out "important"
you know what's also an important read? yur president giving Russians intel; what are you going to do about it?
McCain...Show me?  Alledgation..50 a day/30 = 1500 per month  ...or  18,000 per year.
Show me?  No more Fake News.no more anecdotal stories.
What are you going to do to help those poor souls? #SyriaCrisis
Oh, the horror, Assad is burning dead bodies and without napalm, not like us - live people.
20 gazilion
Genocide: horrifying.
But you do not care that Pres sharing classified info to Russians!
With all due respect Senator we have our own problems right now. Call for Trump's Immediate Impeachment and I will focus on Syria.
Hitler reincarnated
Maybe kissing @realDonaldTrump's  ass for another four years will help?
You can't wait for more war. It's your only solution for any problem. The threat is Trump. Yet you continue to just cover your ass. Useless
Let's hope McCrazy is next. Terrorists must burn.
Yet, our pres. welcomes Russian officials to our White House, regardless of the fact that Russia is in full support of Assad.
U R concerned about this, but NOT THE LEAKS to Russia by Trump? Please take care of our National Security.Do u think it should be "shared"?
I believe your either a Democrat posing as a Republican or your so anti trump you have betrayed the American people and yourself.
Pity JMcCain you need Specsavers to see PLANK in your Evil EyesAP:US IS THE WORST SERIAL KILLER ON LIVES & NATIONS ON EARTH.
Do something about this traitor
We should bomb the crematorium. Jews of the Holocaust always wished that the Allies had done that.
The world is on fire & needs U.S. leadership and look where we are: The leader of the free world now lives in Germany!
Stop this President from sharing classified information before we get in serious troublr..Dont allow him to go off script..  a disaster!
McMasters just answered a questio no one asked!How many good people are going to be shamed before you put Nation before political party?
If you call yourself a Patriot sir, you must use your influence to dump this madman Trump. Show us what you're made of. #resist Trump!
And now Trump is leaking intell to Russians?  More Syrians will be dead tomorrow.  When will you stop him?
... as opposed to just getting involved w pres and reassuring the US? If Republican seats r lost, YOU will answer to constituents!
#SyrianHolocaust. #AssadMustGo #AssadGenocide
Dying to get a crematorium of your own Johnny?
What ru saying? Sir, why do u insist on disparaging and causing fear from Americans re President, as opposed to just getting involved w ...
compromising intel efforts places american and allied lives in peril. senator, i hope that approprte action is taken to hold trump to accnt.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!? The potus has the 'right' to blab classified information to the russians??
McCain just saw WP: "We certainly don't want any president to leak classified information but the president does have the right to do that."
Yet the @gop stands four square behind Assad, Putin, and Trump. Care to explain?
And the #GOP president has colluded with their partners - #Russia 

Time to take #therealdonaldtrump down

#treason #impeach
Senator McCain, if Hillary or Obama divulged highly classified Intel to our enemy, Russia, the GOP would set DC on fire &/1
have 100 investigations promptly following.I've believed you to be an honorable man and it's time for you to step up & STOP/2
Trump from getting us all killed! U took an oath to uphold the Constitution &protect us from enemies both foreign&domestic/3
and the country is begging you to end this insanity. I don't know my country anymore, sir, & if u don't walk your talk, /4
expect your name 2go down on the wrong side of history. We're your countrymen & women. You swore under oath to put us first!
As one of the only Republican that is intelligent and respected  you MUST do something to keep this president from putting us in danger
Your words are no longer relevant. Do something, or resign so you can continue to do nothing. Your legacy is at stake.
you fired the FBI and allow Russia in WH taking pic and he discuss our country, what the hell is wrong with Republicans?
You CANNOT stand by and let this go. Can you just pretend it's no big deal and live with what you're doing to your country?
Are you a patriot or are you Comrade McCain?
Trump betrays top secrets to Russians! Impeach Trump and fire dereliction of duty Republicans!
There is an important read on @washingtonpost - you should check it out
umm any words of wisdom about your @POTUS blabbing classified info?
What happened to your patriotism? You KNOW Trump is destroying our democracy and world standing, yet you're a rubber stamp for his policies.
Not the important read. That's in the Washington Post. You were a hero once. Please be one again
Um. Yeah. Not the important read.
We are well aware of what is going on.
I used to think you were principled. I mean the Palin debacle should have disabused me of that notion, but you are really one lost soul.
Really Senator , he has right to tell them, come on. Time to put party aside
McCain: "We certainly don't want any president to leak classified information but the president does have the right to do that."
Wow John.
Senator McCain what is the President doing? Leaking classified intel to our enemy! This cannot be good for our armed services in harms way!
#IMPEACHTRUMPNOW
.@senjohnMcCain
Please DO SOMETHING about this
Yeah, 2 bad President numb nuts is playing footsie with Putin, Assad's greatest ally. & only decided Assad was bad after seeing him gas kids
SOS, Sen. McCain. 45 must go.
And you're doing what? #EVOKETHE25TH #ITDIDNTSTARTWITHGASCHAMBERS #DEMHOUSE2018 #REPEAL&REPLACE2018
So now it's OK for sitting presidents to share highly classified info with the Russians? WTAF Is wrong with you cowards? Lost your balls???
So now it's OK for sitting presidents to share highly classified info with the Russians? WTAF Is wrong with you cowards? Lost your balls??
So now it's OK for sitting presidents to share highly classified info with the Russians? WTAF Is wrong with you cowards? Lost your balls?
Well...we are still waiting. 45 spilling classified intel to his Russian handlers...GOP silent. Well done fellas.
Imp't read: GOP Congress are feckless hypocrites
What did #Trump reveal to the Russians? Will our allies ever trust us again? Will the Republic survive what he is doing to it?
Senator, if you don't stand up to POTUS you are not a patriot in my book any longer.
Upset because Pres Trump is in the middle east instead of you??  Are you finally done with visiting/exploiting Eastern European countries?
Sounds about right. YK
More important read!
Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
so the press briefing was unclear. Is US policy wanting Assad out or not?
fix the U.S. We cannot comment on anybody right now.
Impeach him now!!!! #TrumpRussia
Impeach Maxine Waters
Senator, the Post has a fairly important read today too.

You won't see this in MSM today: Qatar's Al-Jazeera filmed a fake chemical weapons event in 3 locations across Idlib https://sputniknews.com/amp/middleeast/201705041053273158-syria-chemical-attack-civilians-fake/ …
The enemy of my enemy is my friend? Sometimes they are both my enemy, so why take sides?
do something.
Mccain already supportting Al Qaeda
You won't see this in MSM today: Qatar's Al-Jazeera filmed a fake chemical weapons event in 3 locations across Idlib https://sputniknews.com/amp/middleeast/201705041053273158-syria-chemical-attack-civilians-fake/ …
Mccain working for Saudis and Zionist
You are the only #GOP leader with any credibility at this point. Please save us from this #traitor!
#TrumpRussia
Lol trump talking w Russian diplomats in White House it was so secret meeting
Hope it wasn't from the intelligence source Trump burned giving secrets to Russian ambassador.
Your warmongering donors will be proud! Good doggy, Johnny
Not new, Senator. Not new when Obama asked for support and was denied. This has been going on for years. Independent investigation, please.

You won't see this in MSM today: Qatar's Al-Jazeera filmed a fake chemical weapons event in 3 locations across Idlib https://sputniknews.com/amp/middleeast/201705041053273158-syria-chemical-attack-civilians-fake/ …
Remember 2003
If you wish to wage war with other peoples children based on fake news, sure.
So do what.. keep watching..
You are without a doubt, one of the most, if not the most, blood thirsty member of Congress. Has there ever been a war you didn't like?
Thank You! Sen. John McCain; Armed Services Chairman of ARIZONA
"Atrocities...seemingly with the unconditional support of Russia and Iran" (sic): Washington hawks want a full-scale regime-change war
Your blood lust has no bounds does it Senator? I would think a vet would not be so quick to send other people's kids to die in a war.
Kids killing by Cia linked terrorist
Stay strong! We need your reasoned voice so much these days!
Mccain is liar and spokesman of Saudis and Al Qaeda
You won't see this in MSM today: Qatar's Al-Jazeera filmed a fake chemical weapons event in 3 locations across Idlib https://sputniknews.com/amp/middleeast/201705041053273158-syria-chemical-attack-civilians-fake/ …
Wow! What overwhelming evidence! "The State Department said it BELIEVES..." A satellite photo showing construction CONSISTENT with such use"
Wasn't AR trying to almost that?
Aided by the Russians, whom your party's president just hosted in the White House. You know that #ReaganIsRollingInHisGrave.
Post Trump, when we read "US accuses ..."anyone, or thing..." we wonder what the US is? Is it qualified to comment? What ulterior motives..?
People shredders! Yellow cake! We must invade NOW!!!!
The head of the snake?
#HandsoffSyria Al Qaeda supporter #AbuMccain take a look at #TrumpRussia
Why Iraq and North Korea with nuclear capabilities aren't a bigger concern that Syria who can't fire a middle. Yes Iraq can why not cut off
so whats you're opinion @SenJohnMcCain ?
@timanderson @KevorkAlmassian
Because throwing a few random bombs to an irrelevant target in an airport that was operational minutes later was very effective? 
much more effective than looking the other way.
And the outcome was?
Al Qaeda linked FSA jihadist wants to bomb syria
@maytham956
Problem is we can't trust trumpvto speak the truth. He's a hypocrite and not very diplomatic nor discretionary. I'd like to know Senstor

check this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNavmTB_Bzg …
This has been going on for years.  Amnesty International did a big story over a year ago.  Nothing happening in Syria is new.
Checkbit
check this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNavmTB_Bzg …
Cue Trump heaping praise on Assad....

check this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNavmTB_Bzg …
