You can be proud of Meghan.
Support our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump or resign 
His oath is to the constitution and the republic, not your showboat.
And he's failed at that sympathizing with terrorist 
Ya boy just sold $110bln worth of arms product to the nation that gave us 15 of the 9/11 hijackers, smart ass.
And Ivanka got paid $100m to a foundation that doesn't even legally exist yet on the same day.  Pay to play!
Time will judge them as I'm sure the Clinton foundation will be exposed 
The delusion is strong in you 
Pick an argument that is a little farther up the credibility pyramid than ad hominem name-calling.
Meghan with her (scum sucking rino dad who sabotages our president)
They need to retired!!! Back to Arizona!!!
Meghan , you have become excellent on the Outnumbered YOR strong bold , smart and not afraid to tell the truth, keep up the good work
trai·tor
ˈtrādər/Submit
noun
a person who betrays a friend, country, principle, etc.
"they see me as a traitor, a sellout to the enemy"
Great shot of you and your Dad.
Sorry Senator, thought that was your daughters picture. Should say, great shot of you and your daughter. The best to both.
Go enjoy a great Sunday afternoon on your own dime , and retire. You have lost your true vision of representing the American people.
Thank you for your past service to our country; but I can see your vision is no longer for us but for you.
You're one of my idols and I'm a democrat. Thanks for your wisdom and common sense.

You people have been looking for something since November, nothing there, give up
Cherish every moment with your dad. My dad passed away in 1998. When I hear Mike & the Mechanics' the Living Years tears still fill my eyes
Retire!!!
He's a turncoat
The only person who deserved to be President.
Good. Must be hard to find time to relax amidst all the turmoil
Senator McCain, DO SOMETHING! You used to be a maverick who said and did what was right, not what was politically correct!
John, you are an embarrassment.  You've turned into a foolish and petty half-man.  #retire
You served this country valiantly before. YOUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU NOW! PLEASE, be the voice of integrity and good conscience!
Would be great is if you changed your affiliation to where it belongs. #Liberaldemocrat #Cuck #Rhino #Globalist #HanoiJohn
Why aren't you holding your daughters hand or have your arm around her.C'mon Johnny show some fatherly love.The world is watching
Wow! So many Russian bots angry that you "don't support Trump", but we all know you do, right? You just talk a good game #ImpeachTrump
Meghan please tell your dad he should retire now. He is spreading lies and not putting USA first. #BigGovSucks #MAGA
Senator McCain I am one of your constituents.  If proof of malfeasance is shown your oath is to our country.  So country over party.
Very nice
John McCain deserted the veterans. Left Vets to die in VA. John McCain is a disgrace to America
Maybe she could smack some sense into you so you can start supporting our POTUS and not your own political agenda. You are not the president
Why are you discussing anything with ztrump sir ? You are 100 percent against him. Bias
I am a Dem and I can give this a like. Save us from Trump Mr. McCain! Trump disrespected you and your service to our nation.
Meghan, very sad that your dad has turned out to be such a pseudo republican. I once had great respect for him and supported him in the past
John, you look like the Fool that you are.  War hero my ass.  Sick of looking at you.  Go far away!!
#JennyCraig
Maybe Maghan can help you understand something about loyalty to America & peace over cheap media politics & war-mongering? 

Please Meghan!
I wish you were my president.
Ur a traitor and should resign now.
Great girl, she has her Dad's Maverick fight in her.
I have always respected your father, but you need him to know that he is ruining any credibility & respect from Patriots. He will retire.
Help your father to see that his personal dislike for Trump is clouding the fact that we are in a position to do good things for the country
plastering your Picture on twitter does not bring hope to American People
Highly disappointed in Sen. McCain. Looks like he fights our Prez. bc he is afraid of the swamp being drained. Comey should have been fired.
John thank you for your service and a great pic too !!
Glad you and your girl had a great, Sunday, Sen. McCain!  Rarely agree with your party, but thanks for your service!!!
u cant do this:Trump  gets a tax break with $1.7 trillion cut in food stamps, children’s health insurance, Social Security Disability Ins
Mmmmm... Where's that picture of you with known terrorist.   You are part of the deep state.

#ImpeachJohnMcCain
Hey Democrat in Republican's clothing, time for you to retire. Spend more time with your family.
Hope you had a great weekend
stay out of politics old man and enjoy your retirement.
Megan should be ashamed of sitting next to this evil man
What's the better g push to get yourself in the news even if it means throwing the POTUS under the bus to keep your ego in tact. TERM LIMITS
What's more important? Allowing innocent people perish in the seas or giving them #SafePassages or #Resettlement opportunities. Ask @POTUS
Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked everywhere/not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
I like @JoeTalkShow much better than your antitrump show Meghan>>nice try derailing him though but quite glad to listen to joe instead now.
T
Maybe she could have worn a clean shirt, and hat...
The Clinton's and the Obama's are calling @realDonaldTrump unfit for office. All four of them lost their law licenses. :/ #MAGA #LiberalLies
#TermLimits
#BreastReduction
Excellent photo. Love seeing @MeghanMcCain on #Outnumbered as well.
Straight-talkin mavericks hangin out
My husband & I voted for Trump & Republicans to change D.C. Please support us and U.S. Support our President Trump. Stop being selfish.
Vote him out Arizona I don't even care if a left wing hack gets it over him
This man has to go
John, Too bad you had to ruin another Sunday for a lot  of Americans by attacking our President and dividing our country even more
You're a senile old man!  Retire RINO!!!!
WOW all this crap for a girl posting a Pic with her and her dad. No matter what side you people are on you are all pathetic.
Does she know her dad is a scumbag
OMG! Do NOT do the thumbs up sign! Great photo otherwise!
@SenJohnMcCain I love your daughter on the show " Outnumbered ". I have always been an admirer of yours....but what has happened to you ??
Beautiful pic of you both!
Hope she isn't like daddy and "F" her own for special treatment. #SongbirdMcCain
I applaud your courage in standing up to a president unworthy of the stature of the office. You keep doing what you believe in.
Cant hold it back any longer. John McCain is a piece of shit. He is no hero, and he is no American.
@TheRickWilson @MeghanMcCain A damn decent man
I am sure Megan told his father to be a team player with Trump!!
That his rebel talking is not courage if not being a bitter loser
I am trusting you to be the great American I disagree with so much.  You are a true patriot.  Don't let us down, even the liberals.
Are you mentally insane? You really have to let the Trump hard on go! He is @POTUS  We are smarter than your deep state tricks!
two liberal pro-communist hacks...what a disgraceful family...you failed songbird! That's what you get for being a traitor.
I know that chick.
Are you trying to get Meghan to bash the President like you do?
As another old white guy with grown daughters, I know how great this is for you both.
Relax, refresh, then rejoin the fray anew. We've a country to save, sir.
megan is a great co host of outnumbered i can always count on her wisdom and intellect on the show
Good for you for spending time with your daughter.
Our condolences Meghan. Your father has lost his mind.
Your dad has flipped out. Tell him we no longer support him.
One can only hope that was you dropping him off at the ''home''.
how do you folks sleep ?
Not real happy with John McCain.   He needs to support the elected president.   The American people voted for him.  Support him.

Life is good when you are a millionaire politician...MILLIONAIRE POLITICIAN
Mr. McCain I will forever thank you for your service to this great nation of ours.  I trust you will keep us safe from this derelict prez.
Dear John, nice pic. Now, do your job!
smart and pretty.

no john. not you.
Hey McCains, Do your patriotic duty & help us on  #Trumprussia. Then we maybe can call it even on you inflicting us w/Palin. XOX, America
I saw yr nice picture. Then I read the comments from #MAGA DT supporters. Wow! I am Democrat & have to say:  You are a War Hero. Ignore them
WHO CARES!
I hope you had a nice day Comrade John!!!
She's a propagandist.
You need a backbone, country over politics, enough is enough
He is a fraud  Time to go to a nursing home
This is a beautiful photo.  Politics, aside.
You could have been something special. Instead you spoke up & stepped DOWN.  Words are nothing, actions are what matters.
McCain, have a great relaxing day and than everything Donald tomorrow!  Right?  

Please stand up to Trump.  Your words of criticism are nice and all but America needs more.  Please don't fail us.
Support President Trump
Cute!
You sure do love being in front of a camera.
Two pees in an unfortunate unpatriotic pod. Believe me, I respect Senator McCain's  service. However, when do we move on with a new MAMG?
Meghan...can you please talk some sense into your father??
E
What a wasted life.  Bought and paid for by $$oros.  TRAITOR
Retire
Why are reps in Senate and House not on steps supporting #POTUS? Either with him or against us.
well, THAT'S an easy call!   bwahahaha!
Meghan, u have natural beauty  in this pic, without all the makeup that u wear on TV. So much better.
GOOD FAMILY MAN
no thanks
Unfortunately, you sold your soul many years ago...
Great picture!
twiddle dee and twiddle _ _ _ _


Bless this lovely couple , beautiful photo ! Lovely
If Reagan is truly your hero, then do his deeds: a market driven healthcare, Tax reform, deregulate    Don't keep being a bitter twit.
Your family should be with you when you announce your change of party.
you were nothing but a cheat to your first wife like Clinton you have no morals Yet you have the nerve to put our POTUS
Nice photo 
save us senator mccain
Make sure 2 get plenty of rest Traitor McCain Tomorrow #FAKEnewsCNN, #PMSNBC and the rest of the drive by media want their useful idiot back
#SethRich investigation you traitor
There is no Seth Rich investigation. Or do you not HEAR what his family has pleaded for and is now demanding? Stop using their pain.
Oh there will be. They are under threat. I understand fully
Sweet.  Now please be sure not to sweeten up to the Liar in Thief.  Rumors have it he has bought you.  #BETHEHEROYOUARE
Traitor
She's a 
Aka the pro propaganda peddler. You must be a proud dad!
Retire and Repent.
When is she gonna give you a grandson?
She is gay. Soooo..
Put your dad in a rest home where he belongs
Nice day to enjoy.
Did you fly to France to get dossier on President Trump? Do you want to build wall? Or is that what you say election year
I used to think McCain was a hero, now he is just part of the govt BS and why I voted for Trump. To rid the govt of people like him.
Uses his hero status to get elected. He's a bitch..
Awwww sooo cute!!!!
Really getting old seeing you talk smack against our president
Про-те, нема нам- коли;"...відпочивати..."
Must admit the Annie Hall thing works here :-)
You must be so proud of your daughter!
John your a pain in the ass. You don't have our Presidents back. Your all about you. Your in the wrong party. @ericbolling @seanhannity
Retire
I hope she is not disappointed in you for your stand on trump this week
Yes. Enjoy your weekends, because they are dwindling down. #SethRich how about that dossier now?
A lot of people here in AZ I know have changed from Republican to Independent because you will not support middle America. @realDonaldTrump
I hope she's leaving you at the nursing home where you belong traitor!!!
Чьоловік- СЛОВО!...
Support Trump and ditch the evil left.
Not use to seeing @MeghanMcCain without the makeup. She obviously does not need it. #LazySundays
love this shot
Thank you for your service to our country xox
Lol that's a good one. Google, songbird of hanoi, then thank him...
I wonder how a keyboard cowboy like you would endure the torture that McCain went through. Bye!
thank you for your service
good afternoon Senator. May you both enjoy a brief respite from reality.
Я пам"ятатиму;- побратим МакКейн...
Very pretty lady!!
you just need to get out of politics. your opinions are pathetic
Awe. That is precious! 
Still speechless?? I can only pray so.
You sir are a sell out and a traitor. Kinda odd how you have very few positive response. You work for us we beg please do so
You mean your daughter?! #termlimits
