This is my daughter Scarlett.  Glioblastoma Multiforme survivor.  She's tough as Hell.  Just like you, Sir.
I hope that some type of immunotherapy can help Senator McCain!  They were able to help Jimmy Carter with such a treatment.  Ask for this!
They may have also mentioned your daughter, @DisillusionEd97, on Good Morning America, too today.
Wow, really?
They talked about a young girl who had overcome gioblastoma.  It looked like the picture you show of her, above. I don't know for sure, tho.
I don't agree with your dad politically but I respect his service to the country. Thoughts and prayers for @SenJohnMcCain and the family.
Yikes. Some burn cream for that tweeter please.
If you're talking to me, I didn't take it as a burn.  I took it as a compliment. Thanks.
Thank you for sharing this beautiful picture and your eloquent tribute to him this week - we are all on Team McCain
not all of us.
Is he for me ? his behavior and votes leads me to fear otherwise.
it's not a one way street america.
your comment is just another sad view of where we are in today's world..you are sick and need to get help
Hope not to see either of you back, Fox is great without you and thus country will be great without your dad
Hope he's doing well. We sure miss on outnumbered
Song bird McCain! Your dad is a traitor and will be exposed as such very soon. McCain Institute? Lol. These are very bad people, folks!
I don't agree with his stance on a lot of things. But he is a War hero and a patriot. Mad respect, be healthy. 
Awe, look at that chocolate lab. 
##USA #true #hero @SenJohnMcCain . Get well soon
Love & respect for Mr. McCain from Poland 
I am so happy your dad has the insurance he has so he can move forward with his treatment with less worry about how to  for healthcare! 
My mom had glioblastoma; so my heart goes out to Senator McCain.
Good thing your father doesn't want to sell that land to foreign mining companies OH WAIT YES HE DOES
We hope he gets well soon! And returns to DC to help clean up the swamp!
Awww...thanks for sharing...
God bless your father. He must be very proud to have a loving daughter like you.
God bless your father. He must be very proud to have a loving daughter like you.
#FakeNews 

Songbird is dead.

I wish the 20 somethings really new your dad's history.He is a Hero.Forget the Polotics.
Best Wishes to Your Dad , Keep Up The Fight , real life SUPERHERO
Prayers for all of the  McCain family.  Senator,  you have proven your courage before.   Fight this new enemy just as hard.

Lovely picture in beautiful Arizona. Sending good thoughts, prayers and wishes for a good recovery! Dems and republicans alike are with you!
God bless your family.
Senator McCain, you are truly a hero in the eyes of millions. You are wished nothing but the best. We love you!
{{fist pump}}

Love UR Dad.Have brain tumor:acoustic neuroma. neurosurgery:hydrocephalus; radiosurgery: brain tumor.Intellect: never better.
U go guy!!
Sending your family lots of love! Best wishes on my mind for you always and thank you so much for sharing!
Much love to you and your family. Prayers, of course.
God bless!!
very best wishes Senator.
Continued prayers. Sending love.
Love the man. I'm not Repub but your Dad makes our Vietnam war ghosts fade through his courage. He gives us pride which we never received.
John, get better we need you. I am a Reagan GOPer who is a political refugee today. You were one of the few who spoke for me. Get better!
Thank God your not on Obamacare.
God's country! Hope you have a great day with your Dad!
Meghan our hearts and prayers are with John and you.
Didn't realize Hope Hicks joined you for the hike.

Best to your family. And I salute your Dad.
Thank you for sharing the picture Meghan!  Great to see your Dad out hiking.  You were so right when you talked about how tough he is!
Prayers to your family
Please know that Liberals and Conservatives are praying for him. My family lived 2 doors down from him in Merdian, Miss. Doug was a friend.
Sorry about your Dad. Praying for him. I hate cancer.
That's awesome 
Thanks for the updates Meghan.
Millions of citizens value that type of relationship with their sick relatives as well… Have your dad help them
Thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain
Wishing your family all the best. Your Dad is a true hero and fighter for the people and just a guy we all really like and admire.
time for your dad to spend his final days saving the republic
. God bless!
Continued prayers for you and your father
It's not even him on the bench. How is his monitoring device coming along? Very bad man! Sad!
Best wishes for his recovery.
Why doesnt @dennis_welch
Post pictures of him & his father figure.
kids dont know how lucky they are 2 have sum1 so special in their lives
Bless you Meghan, love the way you love your dad. Hang unto every second & love him.
I believe Sen. McCain will hang tougher than anyone to beat it! And to protect the people against the trump healthcare nightmare .@kjoerwin
tell you father to retire, he has become bitter old obstructionist, read yahoo comments,
Best wishes and prayers...he will need it after lyiyto Americans and screwing them in Obamacare, God says something about liars
Thanking G-d for your http://dad.One  dem who respects him highly.
Marvelous to see u & your Pop- difficult catalyst though heavenly view2 regenerate & reflect. Please send hug!
I couldn't be more proud of the man that your Father is. True American hero!
TELL YOUR DAD-REPEAL OBUMACARE-FIX FDA & BADDRUGS N THIS COUNTRY,I ALMOST DIED & STILL SUFFER, NO HELP FROM GOV OR ANY 1-PLEASE FIX FOR US !
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ you all. If anyone can fight this, it's you! Love from a Portland Dem. No politics...just get better! 
Great cap @SenJohnMcCain! Wonder where you got it?  Glad to see you staying protected from the UV rays!
Dad needs to go, he is useless as a GOP senator
"You shall reap what you have sown" Career politicians have run our Country into the ground! @FoxNews
Please,tell your  Father to be careful.I also have Skin Cancer from 2much Sun, in TX.I am half-Irish&WarNam-Vet
Enjoy your time with your dad. It's special. Wish I had more time with mine.
I respect your father and you.  I admire his courage and humility. My best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Best wishes to your dad. Praying for quick recovery.
I rarely agreed with your fathers politics, but I find it hard to think of a more honorable person and someone I have great respect for
Choose HOPE ... Cancer Widow here & You are in my thoughts & prayers . 
so glad you had time w/dad.He belonged to USA long time-now to fam.
i know he still wants to work&truth:he might be only one who can save us
Your dad is an American hero and my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
joshua 1:9
Meghan please tell your Dad I am praying for him from one brain tumor survivor to another.  Praying to renew his strength and heal 
With you in spirit - he's an inspiration - a true American hero
Strength and healing your way, Senator Mcain
Hope he is a better father than Senator, cuz he SUCKS at that...he is trying to destroy AZ & US! PLEASE resign for good of ALL!!!
Cancer sucks! Fight fight. My mom survived her first 15 years. She lost it last month. Fight as long as you can!
Stay strong Senator.. praying for you..
God bless Sen McCain

It sounds like you’re a wonderful daughter. Are you putting together a life history of your dad?
Prayers
I wish the senator a speedy recovery.
Praying for John and family. Special time together is awesome!
Love your dad he is a resilient leader.
get well, John!
Chocolate lab 
Wishing your father the best.  Prayers for Senator McCain
Your dad is a class act, even if we don't see eye to eye politically; I wish him the best, make sure he explores All Options for treatment
Praying for you and your dad.
Great Meghan and John. Cherish time together.  We've got your back. ARVN 1969 - 72.
Your dad is a horrible person a dishonorable service member to every soldier who served in Vietnam! He should be very ashamed of himself!
So Sorry to hear about your dad cant help thinking how blessed he is to have great health insurance while he had voted against it for others
May God bless you all to comfort your pain and relieve your suffering. From a fellow veteran of 25 yrs of service.
Retire and do the country a favor
Sending love to you both! Thank you to your father for his service. 
A real hero we thank him.
God bless you & your amazing dad. " A real hero!!!"
Blessings!
All the best to your father, and to you and your family. Your father's a true hero, one of the good guys.
Peace & Blessings
You are a true American Hero, Senator McCain. Recover fully and recover soon !! The people of your State need a fighter!

Most of us hope he DIES soon. REALITY CHECK in the mail...
hoping for the best and sending so many hugs and positive wishes to you and your family 
I wish him well. But like most GOP, at the most important moment, McCain chose party over country. Upsetting.
We all hope he votes to ensure all Americans have affordable access to the same healthcare he has.
What a lovely day for you both. My best wishes to you and your entire family. W are all with you in spirit
Very nice ...
Enjoy your time together.  Say what is in your heart. It hurts when you can't anymore.
Bravo Senator,don't give up and stay,please! America need ONE American at the GOP to stop Putins attack on,Trumpski! Kick this loser out!
I wish you all strength, peace and piece of mind 
Meghan, please ask your dad's treatment team to evaluate NanoKnife for your dad's tx: http://www.kurzweilai.net/a-potential-breakthrough-in-using-electrical-pulses-to-treat-deadly-glioblastoma-brain-tumors …
Prayers go out to you#Maverick!
Enjoy
Hold on tight
I pray for your Dad. I know he is strong but this is a real fight for life. Praying he does well. God Bless you. God will help you all!
I am praying for a speedy recovery you are such an awesome daughter
Wishing your Dad a speedy and complete recovery.  Praying for him and your family.  He is a true hero.
All the best to you both
You deserve more support sir , get back soon !!!
He'll beat this. Just look at Jimmy Carter.
Thank you@SenJohnMcCain for traveling to DC for this important vote today. May God Bless you.
Healthy enough for a hike in the desert, means healthy enough to go vote to deprive Americans of their second chance. #HealthCare4All
Cancer sucks! Kick its ass, Senator!
While I don't always agree with your Dad's views on issues, I'd like to wish him the absolute best in beating back this bastard!! #BigCSux
Thank you John McCain for your service over the many decades - you are a great man - a tough man that will be on his feet in no time at all!
Stay strong we are with you
John McCain is without a doubt the greatest living American hero.
Great to see him out and about. Best wishes!
Nice spot! Best to @SenJohnMcCain
he is alive because of his govt health care, please remind him of this as the GOP doesnt care about taking health care from my loved ones.
Been praying for you! @SenJohnMcCain! 
Help-don't slash #medicaid, PLEASE. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Our best to our dad, he's always been an indomitable and just man & my family & I send our best wishes for his speedy recovery!
...Your dad, I meant (my dad, a great & honorable soul, passed years ago)
Prayers of healing being sent to your father.
Hopefully after he recovers, he'll come to his senses and start working @POTUS rather than fight with him #MAGA
Our Prayers are with you and your family.
Did you ask him to retire
Lucky 4 ur dad.He has HC.He just voted 2 take ours away.My husband has pace maker at 50, my son has lupus.U folks really do hate, don't  u?
I've always been a democrat, but honestly, when I hear you speak I would vote for you any&every day as my friend have said likewise.
OK Senator JOHN come on back
Great to see the Senator up and around. Keep up the good fight. Love and prayers from the Smith's
When u c the definition of a Diplomat - Your Father's picture will b there. God bless The Senator & ur family. Americans r with you!
Your Dad is a cherished and noble man I like and respect very much!
My prayers are your father and family! #staystrong #familytime #qualitytime #inspiration
Kick Cancer's ass Senator!!!
Good thoughts for your Dad. Hope he does the right thing so that my children and grandchildren have the same acces to doctors that he does.
Your family, your example, your Devotion to Country leaves me breathless,sir. You indeedarethe ripples in thewavingof  the RedWhite and Blue
Meghan thanks for sharing what Bonding and Love is all about
Will be praying to the Holy Spirit for his full healing!

r
God speed John
Wishing him good thoughts praying for him and your family love me some John McCain can't wait till he's back in Washington!
God Bless You and your Dad and Family. 
Best daughter love to your mum
Thank you Meghan, your dad is a great man and we wish him a speedy recovery. We do care. Wish there were more I could do. Prayers   
For him
Some of my favorite days were spent hiking with my daughter 
Meghan - i lost my Dad to cancer. This has helped many: Pure Graviola leaf. Search Amazon for info.
So this seems out of left field, but here's a story you might find inspiring: Brain Maker - A Short Film https://youtu.be/D62CM5rhfho  - Good luck
J McCain caused the death of many of his fellow servicemen due his carelessness, negligence, loose lips and general disobedience of orders
Why should anyone give a dang about him. I for one do not.
Kelly Ann is being more then gracious.
Sending you our prayers, respect and thanks!!
@jaketapper @SenJohnMcCain Stay strong! Praying for you and your family.
Such a beautiful photo.  God Bless both of you...
I wish your entire family well
Love you and your family Meghan. McCain
Meghan, my Dad & I were the closest we ever were in the face of adversity. Circle the wagons and Balls to the Walls. Family First, darlin'
Keep the Faith Guys, Thoughts and Prayers to you ALL!!!
Stay strong Sen.McCain! Not a Rep.& have respect for you (well..other than that Sarah Palin thing) #Healing thoughts #prayers #fighter #love
You sold your soul to the devil with Fox. Your dad is a hero. May he be well.
God bless you ! Praying for you Sen. McCain 
Prayers and best wishes to your Dad Meghan and to your whole family.
Get better, Senator! We're all pulling for you!!!!! We need your leadership!
God bless you John McCain. My prayer are with you and your family. Wishing you well!
Beautiful view. Beautiful dog. Most importantly, beautiful father-daughter moment.
God Bless your dad and may the healing of the Lord touch his Soul. Amen.
Thank you for sharing. Much love for you guys 
Keep fighting Senator
Prayers  and  thoughts for you, your  father,  and  family!!!
Be well Senator....may God continue to bless YOU...
Thank you for your service and please get well.
