I like the other replies. McCain is great argument for term limits. A Senator whose "solutions" make problems worse at great cost.
From your comment you obviously don't even know what the 17th amendment states. Please read it before making any more foolish comments.
Forgive me for chuckling at you. You need to go back to school
It's fun playing with those who think themselves greater than others when in actuality they're simply lesser than a lilliputian.
So left. 
He needs to change parties. Obstructionist also
Voicing the ramifications of there parties actions and Trumps ignorance to the Constitution of the United States of America is his duty.
You have evidence of your claim? Not a single piece of constitutional violation has been shown. Dems, libs riots, free speech suppression?
Старый выживший из ума пидорас!
So sick of Rino John McCain! He is the perfect example of why term limits are needed!!
John McCain is an idiot
Expecting that R to change to D before you retire...Negative Ned.
LOOKS LIKE AN OBIT...
Ну и рожа
Why don't you change parties?
Time to retire and help the swamp cleaning. Do it for America!
I'm wondering who's more embarrassing... McCain or Maxine Waters. At least Waters supports her party.....
This is par for the course for Trump basher Chris Wallace.  So sick of the both of them and have now decided to never watch Chris again!
Chris has ruined himself.  He should have stayed neutral and I would have been fine, but noooooo!  One of the despicable's now!!
In other words you don't want to hear the truth about Donnie Boy, but you would rather stick your fingers in your ears and sing a song.
Want the truth not constant innuendos without proof.  Constant "what ifs" and sick of it!
Then one by one give your proof to disprove his facts and I counter each and everyone and we'll see just how much they are just assertions
You are making the allegations...You prove it!!!!
Still waiting
I gave you the perfect answer!!!!  Show your proof just like any other case to prove someone guilty!
McCain is a scumbag.
Stop making a fool of yourself JM. Time to hit the ol' rockin chair. You've become a bumbling old fool everytime you open your mouth.
Senator, Do you think this is a scandal? McCain: "I don't know if you want to use the word scandal". Wallace: "You used it Sir". McCain: 
@FoxNews you all think we care what progressive senile McCain has to say? Ha ha ha too funny man has sour grapes. #MAGA #LoveMyPresident
Can the press commit SEDITION? Just how much of free speech is free before it becomes SEDITION. Sedition is a CRIME. The press isn't immune!
Wallace encourages McCains agenda to undermine POTUS & destabilize our gov. McCain = sore loser + vindictive bitter old man! Wallace is OUT!
Wallace is TRUMP BASHER. No evidence. No crime. Mueller is an investigation in search of a crime. McCain/Wallace calls it a scandal. WRONG!
I sick & tired of Trump bashers! Wallace & McCain want to cash in on rating limelight catering to liberal left. McCain is a bitter old man.
Let the Muslims reform their own civilization & their own perception of human rights in their own time & space!
1st goal is KILL ISIS. We allied w Stalin to defeat Nazis. Did we require: comply w human rights as we perceive them or we won't ally w you?
@AdamSchiffCA  Thank God that POTUS is trying every way to work w/Russia where we can. POTUS tough on Ukraine, Syria. COLD WAR is over!
I'm sick of hearing you bad mouth Trump. You do it internationally & domestically. The only SCANDAL is YOUR TOTAL TRAITOROUS DISLOYALTY!
There is NO CRIME. There is no obstruction of justice. There is only liberal left trying to destabilize our country. You add oil to the fite
I truly regret voting for you. You're just a vindictive bitter old man. How dare you add to the liberal media assault against POTUS?
You said "scandal"! There is only the liberal media hype. Nothing else! There is NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION. There is NO EVIDENCE OF A CRIME.
Attacking our POTUS on nat'l tv just shows how bitter you are that he succeeded where you failed. It's time for you to retire! TRAITOR!
John McCain is a traitor to the party & the President !! Even the Clown Dems are loyal to their party !!!!!
I say its time to rally and vote mccain out of office if he will not support the President WHO AMERICA VOTED for then we will vote him out
YOU sir have lost your way and are exposed for the true corrupted politician you have become i cannot believe i supported such a traitor
Seditious, traiterous, vindictive, RINO, Forrestal, loser, many more adjectives from Marine Corps training but I shall refrain.
Stop talking McCain , people in Arizona hate you , they only elected you because you were the less of two #evils. Resign
Wallace, you're a joke.
The People of  the United States will Unite together to wipe the evil of terrorism from the earth! God bless!
If I wanted to listen to unfair Trump bashing I would turn on CNN
You are a sore loser & #Obstructionist no one listens to!
I've lost all respect for Senator McCain sometimes I think he's a little senile when he speaks and don't question me I voted for him
Bitter little man. Which way was he running on the Forrestal? Why did Daddy evacuate him ahead of seriously injured? 894/899
One of the best advertisements for term limits sitting right there
Exclusive interview? He's on tv every damn day!
Traitor John. Wish he would just go away.
Ask him if he will give up his salary to help #MAGA? He is nothing compared to OUR @POTUS
wow.. such interesting comments... so many believers in Trump over party over country. SAD! DISHONEST!
Chris should go work for CNN. Always critical of our president. Liberal trash media
This show is another reason Fox is losing viewers. Was a FOX addict but no longer. Rarely watch FOX news with a few exceptions.
Why not invite real voters on your show. Nobody but politicians and media care about these fake investigations. Foolish!
Never watch this Trump trashing show. McCain showing senility and extreme anger at loss of a stellar legacy is being used by the leftist s.
He served our country and was a POW under unimaginable conditions. But rn, he's simply jealous of Trump
Why don't you go on the real news and not fake propaganda "news"?
Please ask him to retire,
Кляты москали
Remind me to miss loser #Songbird - traitor to the President and the GOP
I won't be watching!
Wow, MSN gave permission for you to speak with @SenJohnMcCain ? I thought he only spoke to anti Trumpers.
Please don't destroy moral of Mr Tillerson while overseas in very crucial time & the little bit of confidence their feeling! Be  back 7 days
You have done nothing to help President Trump! 
What in the world is up with this 
No one trusts you Wallace; McCain is a traitor; #nevertrump traitor and his pals.
Anti-Trump. Time to retire his bones.Been there much too long.
I'll be sure to miss that. @SenJohnMcCain  is NOT a Republican, nor a conservative. He's more Democrat Light and most are sick of him.
Traitor.
We can send a message by not watching this Sunday
This jack off
Fuck John McCain.
Yuck.  Used to DVR your show Chris.  Not anymore.
SICK of this anti-Trump senator! 
#RetireMcCain #FNS
#not republican
Obviously Twitter filters tweets even ones that are not repugnant or out of line. In my case I asked Chris ask a reasonable question.
Chris ask the esteemed Senator how his daughter was able to land a job at Fox. That would clear up that it was pressure from dad.
Ask him if he thinks the American PEOPLE have the RIGHT to elect the President they PREFER???
Ask McCain if he supports the Sedition movement of the Democrats and their INSANE followers???  Ask him if he believes in the constitution.
McCain/Wallace birds of a feather, both turncoats. Go to CBS and commiserate
boo hiss! I won't be watching.
@theoptionoracle @creyphill11 @charliekirk11 @MistyStrohl @LoriNor85730053 @horowitz39 @SheriffClarke @KellyannePolls No longer watch show!!
McCain is dead to me! I will not be tuning in! #maga #withoutmccaim
Stop working against your party & your President! Do your job & start working with your party! You should be ashamed of yourself!!!!
Waste of time talking to this man.
thanks for the heads up---I'll probably be "washing my hair"!!
Why so Wallace can encourage McCain to further his traitor agenda?
the courts need to try all news reporters all they is lie and cry
Take him back to AZ and bury his ass in the desert.
Chris Wallace AND John McCain have lost all credibility.
There Mr Wallace goes again giving a career politician that has done nothing but obstruct more of what Millions of voters dont want 2hear!
Will never watch McCain again. He should go home and stay there. Enough of career politicians 
No Trust in @SenJohnMcCain
Looks like Pence should be on explaining his LIES about Flynn
I'll def be tuning in, Chris! You are one of the last truly unbiased reporters out there, along w Greta. 
Why??
of course you are, Chris, of course you are, because you will not be honest and confront obstructionists!!
He's a wishy washy guy. Can't accept Trump won, while he lost badly. So now so desperate to show  he's still relevant. He should RETIRE!!!!
come on  America stand up and fight for trump
The Fox viewers and real Trump supporting Republicans respond to FNS lineup but the egos of Wallace and McCain don't hear their voices.
Mr. Sunday Soup continues with his cronies, the liberal loons and NeverTrump'ers
What a loser. Trader of all traders like Chris Wallace.
come it's time to raise up against those elected wash into thosewashington people out to get trump out
He should sit down with a Psychiatrist...
Boycott this RINO
So what he is part of the problem of our GOV
Why!?
Oh good! We can hear him complain like a Democrat because @realDonaldTrump won.
Mc Cain is an embarrassment to the party! He is the swamp!
John McCain maintains a lasting grudge against Trump for his comment of him not being a war hero.
Delusional idiot working with Democrats and Soros.
So disappointed in McCain. He should be ashamed playing into Dem's playbook. Not a team player because it's Trump's team. Sad.
I so wish this man would stand up and be real against the establishment of fake people and fake news!
Sunday with McCain - thanks for the warning. I won't be watching. McCain has helped legitimize every ludicrous dem accusation since election
Boycott Fox News. No one wants to hear from him except democrats.
Oh, sorry!  I'm very busy at that time.  Wouldn't waste my time.
Why bother interviewing this demented old fool?
Who gives a shit? Chris Wallace is a half-competent hack who needs to go!  @FoxNewsSunday
Not interested in Trump bashing
Chris sits down to #1 @POTUS Hater. No wonder I dont watch any more. Watch and learn people how the back stabbing continues.
McCain has gone from hero to traitor.
I'll won't be watching this interview.  I can't imagine Mr Wallace will be asking any challenging questions of McCain.
What did JD say? 9 out of 10 times, media can get @SenJohnMcCain to bash republicans. FU Arizona. This fossil needs to retire. #TermLimits
Wow. 2 old scumbags on the same screen! Can't wait.. "Yawn"
#SongBirdMcCain you make me sick!!!
Thanks for the warning
Why are you giving this idiot a interview?  I respect his military service but he has lost his credibility with his hatred towards Trump.
Wouldn't watch this interview if it was taking place in my living room. Both assholes
no one wants to see or hear this jerk!
Won't be watching this one he makes me sick
@TheJuanWilliams @SenJohnMcCain  McCain the piece of crap.  Ask him how he makes money on inside trading on military contract
couldnt find a real republican?
No longer watch Wallace let alone McCain
Oh hell no.
I think is time for McCain to change party every time he produce an statement sound more Democrat than ever he more Liberal than Pelosi wow
The armed rino committee
Lets fill Gitmo back up with terrorists and let them watch these two.  How excruciating it must be to watch these 2 Swamp Dwellers.
@TheJuanWilliams @SenJohnMcCain won't b tuning in to that - McCain isn't worth my precious time! He's so bitter.
This guy is a television hound. I guess CNN didn't need him.
Thanks for the heads up not watching this bitter old fool.
Rhino, why do you even give him airtime
I will have to turn the channel
Exclusive? He is on one of the Sunday shows every week
What the hell for?  He's a turncoat Rino.  We don't give a shit what he thinks.
One GOP ESTABLISHMENT INTERVIEWS ANOTHER.  That should be revealing. I was a fan for years, and am sad the way things turned out!
Who cares?
