54 cents of every tax dollar paid goes toward the defense budget! Isn't it funny how we can always pay 4 war, but NEVER programs 4 Americans
There is no profit in entitlements.
Actually there is a huge profit in Education. Education is an investment in the future, however the establishment does not like educated ppl
Well that is a stupid remark, a nd very insulting.
Ha! Case in point! How exactly is that a stupid remark? Or insulting? It is a true statement, why do U think education funding is cut first?
The military industrial complex is out of control! It's time our tax money was reallocated for programs that actually help Americans!
It's time big donor money got out of politics! #Wolfpac #SinglePayer #Justicedems #ForeverSanders
 we're coming for you corporate cucks!
Military must comeback to first place before any war can ensue. Good call out to @SenJohnMcCain. Screw down politics save mil not ACA:=2nd
Overbloated military...why cant we have medicare for all when we waste trillions?
Can we talk peace and fixing America? NO NEW WAR. U never served, u never sacrificed but sent young people all the time. Stupid move to win.
So much for Normal Order?
is not relevant. You need to retire. You have been tweeting all day. Why are you not working.
Our military is most certainly relevant. Yet all leftists care about is screaming "resist"
#RESIST!!
#RESISTEVERYTHING #NOTMYPRESIDENT
The president is a racist monster who supports right wing terrorists. There isnt much thats defensable about all that. But go ahead...
Um no he is not. Please stop this BS. Face it. You guys lost an election. It's over now
The election is irrelevant. Trump is the legal president of the united states. That doesnt change the fact that hes totally unfit.
In the end he's President. Doesn't matter whether you think he's fit or not. He was legally elected
Do tax relief this year or don't run for dog catcher in Kentucky.  Cause you would lose
How about prog 4 KY! U & @MattBevin keep cutting prog & funds 4 @ risk families! How can u support troops when u cant support your own state
Release all the American prisoner! It's war time. We are going to need our help
Why did you let OBAMA weaken our military, WHY?
Tax Reform!   This year!!!!!!!!
So why have you done nothing.
Are you going to put a rider that gives donny tiny hands funding for his dumbass wall?
You suck. When you gonna start supporting the President? Get your OLD ass out so us real Americans can finally get our country back!!!
You are in the pockets of war mongers and Putin. This is why you do what you do.
And when they come home? What are you doing to improve support of our Vets?
How much pork is attached to it?
It's too late for you Mitch and Johnny, if you don't retire silent majority will boot you out next election..ENOUGH RINOS. @WhiteHouse
We hate you too. A Kid Rock circa 1962
Oh really
How about paying them better, caring for them better when you get them hurt, and preventing the conflicts that kill them?
Will the bill investigate fraud and misuse.  Harry Truman!    No blank checks
Mr. McConnell, how would you know anything about "warfighters" since you never served a fraction of a second.
Hope you stand behind your words.
Listen to these words! Does this mean our military, during Obama was not getting what they needed!
No, he was trying to eliminate it
"Getting our warfighters..."??? Why don't they already have this? Where is Star Wars appropriation? Where is DPRK deterrent? Day late/$short
Sorry..."warfighters"?? Is that an actual word, or are you guys just trying to act like ya still got balls?
I grow weary of telling @SenateGOP do-nothings to #repealobamacare & #MAGA, but that's just what you're counting on, isn't it. #VoteThemOut!
#VoteThemOut!
@SenateMajLdr
@SenJohnMcCain
@LindseyGrahamSC
@SenCapito
@SenatorCollins
@SenAlexander
@senrobportman
@SenDeanHeller
& #MAGA!!
Do the same for the Senate. Get rid of regular order and get the people's business done. RETIRE Brutus
"Warfighters"? Hung up on the Science Fiction channels? You're just like Dictator Trump, just aching to go to war so U can make $. Pathetic
Looked at this lately?
http://USDebtClock.org 
Cut the spending
Cut the size of fedgovt
Govt supposed to be very limited
Read Constitution
You know what would be just fantastic for warfighters?

BRING THEM THE GODDAMN HELL HOME.

Nothing can be gained from war in Asia. Nothing.
You may not have a choice
"Warfighters" , thats what they are to you. Not people, "warfighters". By the way, did you serve ?
Stop policing the world.
U r a douchebag
Please put your egos, and I believe that is the bottom line, and do the right thing. Listen to our @POTUS and #MAGA. I think u know he is rt
The same guy who attended Epstein parties and Lolita Express where 13 y/o girls were provided for sexual entertainment/rape?
+ YAWN
#LiberalsAreSuckers #LiberalPropaganda
Gentleman..because of ?? approach towards Americans best interests & your best interests over the years you have a lot of catching up to do!
Sounds like another way to funnel gov't $ to your defense contractor buddies, eh mitch?
Tax cut
You suck so bad, Sounds like you setting us up to do nothing on taxes this year. You took, Memorial Day, fourth and August off. Pitiful
What about @tedcruz jerking it ?????
Maybe try not sending them to phony "wars."  Let's get out of Afghanistan 16 yrs!?!?!, Yemen.
@SenateMajLdr can't pass legislation b/c he won't enforce party discipline @SenJohnMcCain shld be stripped of cmmttee chair re Ocare vote
*** R  E  T  I  R  E  ***
They don't even want to fight anymore? You want WAR? YOU SEND YOUR CHILDREN TO FIGHT! YOU AND YOUR ZIONIST NEOCONS! #morefalseflags

Give it up Mitch!  Old Rhinos will be voted out!
Two old worn out RINOs that need to be in a rocker somewhere.  Been in Washington so long they no longer understand us little people.
How about ending the endless wars?
U shouldn't even discuss this w/ppl in SE/Carib undr water still & no power/water/food, Superfund site/sewage/oil pollutn flooding bldgs
What about the people suffering from Obama care Mitch. I really hope you are voted out soon
Laura what about the lives saved by Obamacare - personally know many including my fully employed adult son!!
Time has come to replace do-nothing RINO's McConnell and McCain with true leaders whose votes and leadership represent their constituents.
Oops you referenced the Nazi/radical Islam/communist collaborator Soros operative McCain. Clearly you are a traitor as well.
How much pork are you going to attach to it to screw the American people.
you being weak, out of touch, spineless!! Oh and don't forget...A LIAR!!! Do you and Ryan read bedtime stories to each other every night?
Sad that Leader of Senate loves Dems and trashed Conservatives
You should switch to the Left. At least then we know where you stand. Against the betterment of The American People and of course....
Are you sure you can handle Tax Reform? Or is that too much on your plate just like Obamacare. You're a disgrace to your party.
Either declare war, or accept your abdication of governance. Putin is about to kick USA & EU butts in arctic trade route while you daydream.
Is this weasel-worded statement code for spending MORE money on the military? Strange that a $600+B military budget isnt adequate.
Let's just use the 25th ammendment and be done with it...toxic trump !!!!!
mitch is the same as trump. All lies, all the time. I no longer believe even one word that comes out of any GOP elected representative. NONE
Get back to work dinosaur!
"Warfighters" ? Could we be referring to private armies now Mitch?
We spend more on defense than next 12 countries combined. When will we stop being world's military?
Can swamp loving senators who did not vote yesterday be docked pay? Not doing their job. Same for house members.  America wants to hold
Or, you know, we could do things like the constitution says. Declarations of War were included deliberately.
Well it is good to know RINO McCain can do something....now get your act together Senators and work on POTUS agenda
The defense bill streamlines the process of going to war.

Why do you keep wasting tax dollars on a bloated war system when people are hungry, homeless + jobless?
“Warfighters”?  The GOP under Trump is really dumbing down the English language. #UNFIT
Seeing as how u two have outlived ur usefulness it time for u two road blocks to call it a career. Ur in the way of progress.

I don't trust "the leader"....
Here is one place you might consider shrinking budget.  What with the overspending. Maybe consider an actual audit
Sen leader you are defeating your cause by having Sen McCain on it.The world sees him as a treasonous TRAITOR. We won't trust him on a/thing
Hang in there Mitch!
Get behind Trump on the wall, repeal, taxes. Sick of established GOP. Get it done or get out. We elected Trump. Help him
People won't help him because he is dangerously ignorant & only pushes items that will fatten his own wallet @ the expense of rest of US
The only bills you should be working on are tax cuts and Obamacare repeal. Do what the people elected you to do.
People didn't elect him the electorial college did!
Build the wall please
Ridiculous.
Please change your twitter name to obstructionist swap leader McConnell your name and leader should never appear together. NEVER
You worked with Obama to destroy America and now you act like you care and will fix it. You should be in jail for not stopping obama
Screw YOU AND MCCAIN #MAGA we're sick and tired of the establishment getting NOTHING done for the PEOPLE
You're a crook...you should step down
I'm so sick of old men's fascination with war =  killing people, destroying their property, and then sending in the war profiteers
Let's get with it or step aside and let someone else do what you were elected to do!!
-Split it with others....
-Into debts...huh?
you taking a 25% pay cut would save the US a shit-ton of money.. how about you lobby that?

Give them the funds they need and defund planned parenthood. Time to do something right
So how long are you going to drag this out Stop wasting our time and get on with the job Either pass it or move on We are sick of this BS!!!
Quit throwing #defense dollar's at wall like OBAMA did & hope someone spends it right. Needs #contracts, #rules, #guidelines, #critical 1st.
This is money being thrown into the "swamp" around the beltway & Congressional District entitlements.  All for lifestyles worth killing for.

YOU BETTER COME UP WITH FAR BETTER FUCKING SOLUTIONS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE YOU FRAUD.
#Republicans, always ready to support war, on costs to, not benefits for the people.
#NoAmnesty #DeportAllIllegals Do NOT try to sneak in amnesty for lawbreakers! Enforce our laws!
With the two of you involved in the bill there is probably so much pork in it it won't pass. McCain=#treasonweasel
Perhaps if we were not fighting wars in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Somalia, Philippines, Yemen we could care 4 troops & citizens.
How about the walls they need, Mitch & John!
Where is the jobs bill or the infrastructure bill? Raise the taxes back to 39% on corps!
should use "war mongerers", a much better description of the GOP!
Why are you still talking about it ?  Get to work and do somthing that you can report a sucess on. We dont want to hear BS.
I've heard about this systems acquisition streamlining for decades. It's all bull shit.
I dream of a Country that would spend more on avoiding war rather than the GOP illusion that war makes a great nation. GOP = death
What exactly do "our war"fighters need more of when they already have a budget like that?
War-mongering #Republicans, enough!
Has to do with more Aerospace industry subsidy & Congressional District's entitlements than anything related to "war" or our military.
@realDonaldTrump how can @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr justify Congress work DACA when ACA, TAx Reform, budget & infrastructure isn't done yet?
Your 100% right.
Quit funding programs for planned parenthood,daca,refugees,etc,will have enough
Two of the Senate's leading RINO TRAITORS.
Hi penis
American people need new leadership in the Republican Party
Warfighters? You inventing vocab now, Mitch? This doesn't need a sales campaign. Been happening every year for  decades. GOP worse at it.
With what is spent on military funding; our military shld already have the resources they need! We spend the most in the world! Lip service.
They already have that. We have the best equipped most advanced military of the planet.
No more war!
Always lots or war money. Spend away!! After all without the weapons, what does America stand for...#opinion
America's defense budget is already outspending the next five countries combined. Mitch, you're creating a false urgency.
Need to What? Bomb more countries with brown people because we Can?
Liar!
#Censure #CensureTrump #HR496
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Ok, pass it and move on, lets go! Tax reform, healthcare!! Lets go lets go.
We are watching and taking names, you rest,we fire you! MOVE IT!
While you brag about building planes, the President and parts of your caucus are conspiring with Russia against America.
HERE COMES #GOP #MITCHMACONNELL MADE deal W @REALDONALDTRUMP #TRUMP made DEAL to #collude with #COMMIE #PUTIN #MUELLER TIME HANGEMHIGH
yes yet with additional Funds would be even Better!!!defund planned parenthood
You know the defense budget is close to $600 billion? Planned Parenthood $528 million? #surrounded #itsmathstupid
@FireMcCain #NoAmnesty #FlatTax

Can Ted spend the night at your house tonight Sir ?.. he is in a bit of a pickle with the wifey .. 
I think we've allocated enough money to our national defense budget. I want to know where these $$ go.  Pork ??
Don't give a shit. No amnesty. No DACA. Build the damn wall already. The people are watching you Turtle. Drain the damn swamp!
Nor can we turn a blind eye to democratic incompetence...#socialism#obamalies
