Innocent civilians don't discriminate btw chemical weapons & barrel bombs - we must build on last wk's strikes & ground #Assad's Air Force
Send in a team to take Asad out, end of story, can be a Syrian team.
Get over yourself! Your are not commander & chief!
All the more reason to #impeachTrump & dump Tillerson.
children are dead either way, GOP clearly has chosen party over people, shame on you McCain!
So what. They are at war. Should we have been punished for all those burned to death by all the napalm we have dropped
If Trump were interested in more than PR stunts, he would flatten Assad's airfields to stop the terror bombing of Syrian civilians.
John get this fool out of the White House before it's too late.
Looks like you the foo! By tweeting that. McCain needs to go!
As if . Boy Assad must think US is a joke to do this or it's fake news . Us illegally commits crimes against innocents
For real?
Really sad sad news John.  We will not entertain your views on starting a war with Syria.  So sad that the country has decided to stay sane
John boy, we must lay down our swords and make plough shares.  Bring i n peace and prosperity; not death and suffering then love will abound
Guess they didn't hear Trump say barrel bombs are okay with him.

yep, funny to see all of the #AirSpaceViolations... @NoradNorthcom @CIA @FBI @VP @FAANews #MH17 #MH370 #isREAL @usairforce @realDonaldTrump
And you supplied weapons to ISIS so what's the difference?
Not in American interest, you Sir are ALWAYS on the wrong side of history.
Sean Spicer just treated Hitler more gently than United treats its passengers.
Your on the Arm Services Committee right?  Would like to see all of you get with POTUS to discuss alternatives!
In spite of this why won't @realDonaldTrump do anything about #Russia for its part in #Assad s current and previous atrocities?
Crazy how those pesky Russians play both sides. Now they are a problem but when it's election time not so much.
Retire to Mar-a-Lago and drink martinis and take Lindsey with you.
Sure did scare the devil out of Assad
So even you are trying to help deflect Russian interference into the GOP? I hope your cell is comfy. Your country will remember you this way
So your answer is to meet with terrorists on the other side (ISIS). Nice photo with the ISIS staff [ #SARC]
Met with? McCain was part of the trio that funded and equipped isil, then brought them into syria, isis now. THEY MADE THEM
No doubt but the photo shows evidence of McCain's MTG., nothing else. I'll go w/ the proof I have IN HAND 
And 17 US vets committed suicide - Fvck Syria - help Americans first!!!
They've been doing that for years. It's the chemical weapons that crossed lines. Stop trying for a full fledge war. We don't want it
If Russia is protecting and supporting Syria, call for declaring Russia a state sponsor of terrorism. Make 45 and Tillerson squirm.
Sean Spicer Holocaust remarks and Kelly Conway's many flubs require immediate changes. Underqualified & over exposed
Adrienne why don't you do it if your so smart. Every ques.frm media is offensive which puts those two answering defensively!  You just try!
Yes and the president is under investigation for collision with Russia?  When is it going to be a big deal for you?
You're a traitor, and a disgrace, and a danger to our country.
Thank you for speaking up against war crime committed against Syrians innocents civilians.
Thanks @PressSec   Must have heard you.  Now what are we going to do ?
Most people have no idea what a barrel bomb is.  Explain on tv in graphic detail.  Nobody is listening.  Too many wars.
I'm sure if you and President Trump worked on this together you could find a great solution.
Horrific News, Sen. John McCain
@KoriSchake @Reuters Moral imperative is a "permanent" safe zone established by world community.  Ain't happening...
Trump's taxes now.
#RussiaMustBeDisarmed
we have seen the last from fearless WH. Cruise missiles were token response to divert attention from real plans by sinister Trump Regime
@POTUS @VP Of course Tyranny...in all its forms that goes unchecked has no bounds-do the right thing
Did Trumps North Korea threat arouse you? Think of the killing and destruction!
thank you for all you do!
Is #Tilerson discussing this with puppet #Lavrov!? @POTUS @StateDept @VP
way to go sen
Wake up bud! Trump is playing you! You are the only one who doesn't see it. Watch Tillersons Moscow visit. Hopefully you won't be as dense.
@Potus Assad must be stopped. Let's come together for the Syrians!
Let's come together for Flint!
We must stop this Now. Remember the surge , lets do that again and not repeat the mistakes of Iraq .
So when LYINGDonaldTrump's FAMILY GETSemotionalThe US and LYINGDonaldTrump is GOING to DROP Bombs. WOW Unreal Sen.McCain. THISmustBE a JOKE
McCAIN WE MUST GET TRUMP TO SET UP NO FLY ZONES,SAFE ZONES,ARM THE FREE SYRIAN ARMY,AND IF RUSSIA OR SYRIAN JETS FLY IN THEM SHOOT EM  DOWN!
#Syriahoax 
#Idlib #Syria
Well then do something impactful abt it, no more primetime photo ops to help #TraitorInChief ratings and diversion tactics. Enough. #NoMore
Hope you're still investigating #Trumprussia because trump's half-ass bombing last week didn't convince anybody collusion didn't happen.
There is something very wrong with your agenda. You are not to be trusted. @realDonaldTrump please don't listen to this guy, something's off
Whats the problem with barrel bombs?  Why not tell us which one of your friends it fell on.
your "moderate" isis operatives did a good job with the false flag gas with the help of corrupt media. you are a monster and a traitor
where is the world to stop this crime?
Today Putin lies world Deny Use Chemical weapon.at same time Putin Use Toxic barrel bomb Today
Then , what happened 2 what the WH said yesterday about barrel bombs ??
So VOTE to give #PresidentGrandpa authorization to go to WAR. The one thing Obama asked congress for that you seem to want but didn't give.
Does anybody know where this war criminal lives. Take him out. Assad will never be able to rule.
.@SenJohnMcCain Get on board with the Trump Russia Investigation!! #TrumpRussia #SpecialProsecutor
Please comment on the tweet this morning from @POTUS  Dangerous and irresponsible?
So what should we do about that?
yes...soon over kiev
Wow
