Considering ur vote on Obama's reg methane gas, ur past Senate votes & ur pre- Senate history, u could b US'sPUTIN
@SenJohnMcCain @Snapchat
Stand up and speak out against Trump's latest leaks to Russia....
there are no leaks 
You're fake news, get off tv and hogging the camera, You don't have a clue where you are and you are FAKE NEWS.
Trump is 10 times the president you would have ever made. Illegal alien and open borders advocate Johnnie.
WHERE THE HELL IS CONGRESS!?
Why doing nothing of course, waiting for the next Vaca.
Are u an episode of Saturday night life.  You need to grow up.  This doesn't look very responsible and appears childish vendetta #uglyacting
Piiist cain ,,  blood drop in the mouth
This is done and tweeted by you in very  bad taste. 
I hope you are noticing the # it's why I keep searching. Trumps tweets.
It is time for Republicans in Congress to decide:

Party or Country
Democrats need to be saying the same thing.
retire already McCain! useless to the party.
THIS RUSSIA BS IS last resort FOR THE DEMOCRATS, REAL NEWS IS RUSSIA AND OBAMA / HILLARY; WHO SHOULD BE FOUND GUILTY @realDonaldTrump
Glad you never became the president. I question your integrity even back then. #RINO
You are a shameful sellout!

Democrats RINOS liberals & MSM
I STAND with TRUMP & I OBJECT to YOUR obstruction, divisiveness, & disregard for Americans! #ImWithHim 
John McCain is a traitor to @gop & the evidence is the support the left gives him. Just like when he sang for the VC.. loyalty issues @potus
"I like people who weren't captured" pretty much says it all...
No I am not going to "check out Snapchat!!" like a freaking 12 year old. Hold a press conference & stand up to the traitor in the W House!
He needs to be impeached, and if you can't come out and full-throatedly say that - I will have lost what remaining respect I had for you.
No grounds for impeachment, no evidence of anything they've accused him of yet.
John McCain--RINO--This Viet Nam Era Vet--Is Sick Of you Wining & Trading on Having Been A PW!!    RINO John--Get It Over--Become a Demo!!
Mr.McCain with all due respect u need to retire or keep your mouth shut listen to you daughter. She has sense.


McCain has been against Trump since POW comment & before. You know he's not in cahoots w Russia. You're media-bating & hurting America. Bad.
Hey McCain! Speaking of Russia! How about instead of words, you put effort into action on a REAL investigation into TrumpRussia?
I think you would like nothing better than to get us in a war with Russia you moron
Impeach JhonMcCain..
The Russia-Trump presidency is now the country’s agenda.
John McCain-someone needs to put you in a home.
You do nothing to protect Americans. You should resign and let someone else do the job.
What is sensitive intelligence"? Trump said how ISIS were planning to use laptops as bombs. That info was already in the MSM a month ago.
@JeffFlake So...when will the GOP be impeaching Trump?
Traitor to America.
Question: What's this guy doing in your office and who's in that pic on the shelf?
Thats where you are so wrong. As long as you are in America, Trump is right,  "do you think America is so innocent? Ur so evil and corrupt.
I agree, thank God for Trump!
Your only pissed Russia didn't give you money. Whiny Demoncrap!
Just how much stock and $$$ did you receive to promote snap....? Seems criminal for a senator to do this.
john, please help save our republic. please. now.
Shut up or act. If you're not going to act, sit down.
MAGA.....Out with Comey
280 likes your time is over
You will do nothing. Moving right along...
Republicans have White House, Congress.  Fix this mess.
NO WAY.
If you're not going to act on Trumps impeachment then we need more than luck.Be a good American&do something now! #wewillforgetaboutpalin
No thank you. You're still too PO'd at Trump to be unbiased. You, Hillary, and Kasich need to go find a safe space and talk it out.
there's quite a bit you could do, if you were up to the challenge. my uncle's right, you are a bad midshipman.
you're saying you can't do anything about trump, but please. congress passed a JR to begin the teapot dome investigation.
unless you're announcing you're retiring, i'm not sure i care to hear it.
Donald Trump is addicted to Donald Trump: money/greed, identity, dominance, etc. He and all who associate w/the addiction may die. REMOVE!
How about when Obama got in bed with Castro he is a saint I guess
Forget about it
@SenJohnMcCain, prove you are not a member of #trumprussia #RussiaGOP. Stop making LAME EXCUSES for @POTUS CORRUPTION & TREASON.
@SenJohnMcCain your response to 45s leaking highly classified intel is woefully inadequate! He has the right to do that? No! Wrong answer!!
@SpeakerRyan @VP @SenateMajLdr as the senior #GOP leadership, take our country back from Putin.  #ImpeachTrump #EnoughIsEnough
John #Russia there was no interference they didn't hack anything.  Give me a break.
I'm so glad you are disturbed too. But you are a senator and one of the few people who can stop this maniac. Please step up and lead!
Stand up for America then senator. Demand a special investigator
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS AND YOU ARE TRYING TO BRAINWASH SNAPCHAT USERS. YOU ARE NOT CREDITABLE AND YOU ARE RUINING SNAPCHAT WITH YOUR LIES.
Jimmy Carter Hands John McCain His Ass https://youtu.be/8OYU0raRvJA  via @YouTube
At least he's not talking about rocks anymore
Why r u contantaly bashing your president and your Party?  You should quit GOP and become a dem since you act like one.  We don't need u.
Instead of complaining, why don't you and your Republican buddys, I don't know... Do something about it??
please help America and not Trump!

DO SOMETHING THEN! I'm so tired of you making statements, then supporting trump. It's pathetic.
So how hard will you be fighting for independent investigation????
It's time for you to retire.
OUR COUNTRY IS IN JEOPARDY 
IMPEACH NOW
DON'T BE A TRAITOR 
Help us
I DON't want to die
Why was US press banned from Russian meeting?  The Law Can’t Stop Trump. Only Impeachment Can. http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/05/the-law-cant-stop-trump-only-impeachment-can.html?mid=twitter-share-di … via @intelligencer
How much intel did you give Libyan and Syrian rebels, jackass?
maybe you should wait a 100 days more and Trump will give you A moral Equivalent .. Or May be worst then that ...
Thank you Senator. Cant get any clearer on the danger posed by this exKGB agent.
Why not discuss McCains failure to represent veterans in VA and his constituents
Americans need to see the Dutch documentary on Trump-Russia ties. Part 1 &2 just google it.  Dutch press followed the money. #impeachGOP
Trump can't keep his mouth shut! Think I'll ask him about area 51
We are busy watching the new reality show, ( What the F*ck kind of mess will Trump get us into today)
What secrets will Trump tell Ergodan ?
Did you not support this trader? Walked a thin line?
Senator McCain, you have been brave in the past. Show us you are still that man. Put your man pants on and help us!!
Please sir...stand up to Mitch and Trump and force the issue.
how about starting the impeachment process
How about discussing Trump Russia!!!
#ImpeachTrump @pizzafaice

1. There have been some recent stories about Republicans in Congress "breaking away" from Trump. THEY ARE NOT TRUE https://goo.gl/PaVqOI  
Well Mr. McCain! You ARE in the position to make some changes now walk the talk
No. This is no time for a damn Snapchat. We all know McConell, Ryan, etc. will do nothing. It's up to you, LG, etc. GOP needs to act. ASAP.
Enough of the statements. We need action. trump is overtly colluding with russia. why isn't that obvious?
Prove it. Zero facts, big mouth!!!!
Our very existence is in question! Do more!
Do more to get that psychopath out of our WH!
When will you boldly confront your colleagues to end this reckless behavior and begin proceedings of impeachment?
Please keep speaking out. Don't give a Trumpty a pass
Spineless @SenJohnMcCain thinks this tweet is what we are paying HIM to do. Tweets don't defend our country SIR
Strange you always start your accusations with, "if". Gutless windbag treasonous blowhard. Be a man and make your accusation or stand down.
AMERICA IS NOT SAFE. IMPEACH TRUMP
Crazy old Bat. It was DNC staffer that leaked to Wiki. NO RUSSIA hacking!!!  HRC had him murdered on streets of D.C. Seth Rich dead by HRC
All of you screaming "impeach him!" are a bunch of rabid lunatics.  Shut up already.
Instead of asking why they hacked into our election, DT helped Russia , giving them info that can hurt Americans! DT most be impeached!
No, I won't. How about YOU check out what's happening in the White House?

45's reckless blabbering puts our intel community & allies at risk! WTH .@GOP when do you honor your oath to your country & constitution
More Republicans need to speak out , but they care more about votes then doing what's right !
So, what are you going to do? It time for the @GOP to put #countrybeforeparty NOW!
Wonderful, now *do* something about this moronic, traitorous, man-boy you elected. #DoYourJob
R U serious? Give me a break! #TERMLIMITS
You talk strong but have never ever backed it up with action. Don't you think now is an important time to do more than talk?
Well if u believe this take action.
You haven't seen America's full throttle anger yet. But it's coming and I don't think any of you want to see it McCain. Get him out now!!!
Good morning from Chandler, AZ! I'm courting on you to do your job and stand up this lunatic! Thank you McCain!
please senator put your country ahead of party and get this dangerous man out of office
Why is Congress betraying our nation's values and trust? All the soldiers that fought and died, and you sir, tortured? Impeach Trump!!
If you have time for this you have time to start impeachment proceedings.
#DoSomething
would be better if you discussed how you guys are letting Trump destroy our country last few years and you turn out to be a coward
I wouldn't look at anything you put out. You are a traitor.
Do your job. You are enabling this by your inaction.
"Good luck America"? You are a sitting US Senator....what are you going to DO about it?
Yeah w/ trump & some of what's called Republican Party(to far to the right party)Americans will need luck & a lot of it.America under attack

#Trump confirms he's gutless braggart. Also confirms #tillerson, Powell &, #mcmaster lied, like #sessions & #Flynn. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/864436162567471104 …
You love that lying media Kool-aid don't you?? Zero facts, big mouth.
Are you going to discuss our President gifting classified info to Putin's Russia? No? Didn't think so.
You are the only R I have any respect for JM! Agenda before military? Safety of our country? Your party needs a swift kick in the butt!
Ok Senator stop fooling around. History will remember your silence or your courage. You decide. #ImpeachTrump
Sir- you are a patriot and a hero. Thank you for your service. When u look in mirror, when you look at grandchildren can you say u stood up?
You need to suck it up John and do your duty one more time for your Country.  45 is nuts.
Appreciate this. With all due respect, sir:
If you're a GOP Senator and you're "concerned" or "disturbed" or "troubled," fuuuuuuuuuck you. Do something, or admit you won't.
Please PLEASE -- #ImpeachThenProsecute #ImpeachTrump Now @SenJohnMcCain ! Do something !!!

So now that Trump confirmed he did share Intel and story is true, what are all the senators who said "troubling if true" going to do?
Do you mean Putin's America? What are u going to do about this? As a POW, u know how intel in the wrong hands is bad for those in the field!
Enough discussion. Time for you to act.
As revealing those info to Russia harms the work of intelligence agencies, where is the benefit for Trump? What was Trumps reason to do so?
Good Monday Morning, Sen John McCain
Looks like DJT bypassed personal  servers and just directly disclosed highly classified info directly to foreigners.
I do believe you and your close associates first spread Russian rumors.
