hands.
Demanded answers for this
The man pictured is not Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.  Seems to be a member of the Northern Storm Brigade.

Does that help?
No, he is Abu Bakr Al- Baghdadi
That's not Baghdadi.  It doesn't even look like him.
Also this picture was posted after ISIS had formed.  About a month after. Ask yourself does your claim make sense?
Making it easy for isreal to spread all over the region
Also I am still not sure how Israel dominating the region via a terrorist group that wants to kill Jews makes sense.
Most of the victims of ISIS are muslims...and right now muslim nations are fighting ISIS.. isreal and US is providing weapons only
Trumpcare will hit Veterans HARD. But you don't really care. If you did you'd vote against it. But that's not your plan, is it?
Sanction Russia? There are not many countries that have the b*lls to keep you neocons in check. How often do you wash the blood off your
I demand an answer WHY he's not getting the care he EARNED. How long should 91 yr old vets wait 4 an answer. Look him n the eye & explain it
Dad. 91 yr old WWII vet taken by ambulance 2 VA. VA TURNED HIM AWAY! Sent him 2 hospital nxt door where he was charged thousands 4 care.
Real Americans are with our President 
Listening to Mike Gallagher radio host that's tell us how You are against this Country and our President. Real Americans  President Trump
FYI in Colorado they have been bldg. a new veterans hospital for several years. A huge waste of money. It should have been finished long ago
I respect you so much for what heart ship you suffered in Vietnam, but Otto Warmbier should Not have gone to Korea! Feeling pity but anger.
You need to get behind our President!!!!!!!!   You are a huge disappointment.
Go visit some rural healthcare clinics in AZ and tell these poor folks you will NOT vote to take away their only lifeline left, healthcare.
In rural Arizona and New Mexico you've got people living in 3rd world conditions. Are you seriously going to take away their healthcare too?
Don't forget the 23 million of us about to loose healthcare to fund rich tax breaks. What about us McCain? We are just hard working stiffs.
Please do not vote to support #Trumpcare w/o allowing ample time for analysis & public comment. #13WhiteMen should not control healthcare
@SenJohnMcCain I voted for you when you ran for pres. now I thank the lord everyday you didnt get the job. Such a disappointment!
How about we demand answers from Congress for not properly funding @DeptVetAffairs.
Ur worst nightmare.In case you didn’t hear it, the Free Syrian Army is a militia that has been built up by Sen. John McCain (R-AZ).
Choice Program is the terrible and should not have been done. VA needs to be fixed not just patched up.
You sir are a Soros funded traitor. We are all on to you.
Pump fear in2 that Russian hypocrite of a president(putin) from ur true patriotism! Before he victors out this situation!
It's called waste and corruption! Pretty sure you got your pocket full of money as well!
Vote NO on AHCA !!!!
McCain, u have done NOTHING to help veterans. U r a prostitute for the corrupt globalists. We r AWAKE
Get onboard with the GOP or move to the other party. Many ppl believe you are a deepstate beurocrat prove America otherwise.
Surprised you aren't blaming Obama for this when you know it is 45's fault for gutting America.
How dare you shush harris-you rambled eternally the other day and no one interrupted you. Sexist
What about justice for lives lost. You forgot them
The American people demand  to know why you're hiding a healthcare bill from us. #ShowUstheBill
So fund it, you know dam well @POTUS will sign it !!
How long have you been a Senator? You're just now figuring out there's problems at VA?Retire and move on, you're no longer useful!
YOU POLITICIANS SEEM 2 HAVE FORGOTTEN WE-THE-PEOPLE-CHOSE-THEN-ELECTED DONALD-TRUMP = WE LOVE HIM - TRUST HIM & STAND W/ HIM 2 THE END ! !
WE THE PEOPLE R TAKING NAMES OF ALL REPUBLICANS WHO REFUSE 2 COME OUT PUBLICLY N DEFENSE & SUPPORT OF OUR CHOSEN-PRESIDENT
WE PROMISE > >>>
Arizona, you voted for a man who is working with the Enemies of America! Find a replacement, FAST!
so you will be voting NO on AHCA? Or else you're just saying this
George soros funds McCain
Ukraine must pay Russia, then they got from Bear by Grain-Fruits-vegetable. Sanction to Russia, i agrees but goal to open Russia not Citizen
Paul Ryan is tweeting how he's fixing the VA.  You Rs need to get on same page.  How can Ryan be fixing VA if ur right? Smells like swamp.
McCain lets talk how you receive funds through your family Non-Profit from New World Order Soros? You are a traitor sir.
Hi  Remember when you were captured by the VC? At those moments didn't you wish you had the burgers, pizza, or healthcare?
Well Senator, this is no difference if you guys take away basic needs of the sick, ill, seniors, children, fam of vets, etc..
Medicaid and food stamp cuts will do nothing to help Vets.
Abolish the VA give all vets the same or better care on the open market, at the same or lower cost to the vet. The VA is a useless money pit
All that happened at VA was on your watch John boy…
If you would stop these never ending wars and repeated deployments, there'd be plenty of funds
Ask McCain how many guys he killed on the USA Forresthal becausec he was screwing around
I understand that the "choice program " doesn't work.  That's why vets are using Obamacare.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @dougducey
go home John while you have some credibility left. #loosingfast
well give them more money to operate
Senator you MUST take down Russians in the White House-TRUMP
If you must fall on your sword as you're dirty too so be it
Thisis NOT AMERICA
Because you are so adamant about sending weapons all over the world you fail to see how many vets actually need help. Traitor
Why are you worried? You are funding the North Vietnameese vets with your Soros checks.
Sounds great - are you going to do anything on healthcare??
You are on the committee little late to demand anything. Now listen to your constituents as they demand healthcare.
With all the respect, from veteran to veteran: talk is cheap. I respect you as a POW, but you have been a huge let down as a senator.
If he was real he would be backing our President. Everyone in my family are Military and law enforcement and they love our President Trump
John, we are tired of your phony outrage followed by kissing trumps ring, HACK!
Thank you.  Worried about the fate of our vets. They need care and their families need our help.
You don't care one bit. Same ole rhetoric you spout off with. #retire
Well "HE HAS BEEN ON COMMITTEES FOR VETS FOR YEARS" Why is he crying now instead of when Obama was cutting EVERYTHING
President Obama didn't cut any funding for vets and congress needs to approve all spending & cuts anyway
https://twitter.com/thedailybeast/status/877500130261389314 …
