please retire!!
FYI .... You really are looking very bad! Your not on right side of the fence!! You will lose!!
spelled "you're", not 'your'.... words matter,  to most anyway
just blocked me, little ol me, from FB why did I hurt your sensitive Saudi heart
wow congrats! Must have hit a nerve.
John McCain is not doing his job!! He should resign!
why not put all the money u took from saudi Arabia and put that towards AZ. Veterans? Should be required when AG proves it!
Better sit down before you read this:
What on earth???
wonder why the VA medical facility in AZ is the poster child for failure? Now u step up and want to take credit? Shame on you
Have you once addressed USN SEAL @CraigRSawyer requests when the VA has left him strung out to dry in AZ VA?
@Prettynickle
How about Senator Craig R. Sawyer?
you've taken my money and worked for me for years and you have yet to fix this vet program! Shame shame disgraceful zerograce
please please please fight for an independent prosecutor to investigate the 2016 election. GOP as is can't be trusted to investigate itself
Interesting how you don't see Republican McCain as a part of the GOP. He is a staple of the GOP.
I know McCain is part of the GOP, but he unlike others, would do what is best for the country. #countryB4party
Mr "Bought & Paid For" is not who you want him to be. Politics 4 people like him is just platform 4 empowerment
, having campaign surrogate ( @jeffsessions ) lead an investigation of Russian interference is like letting a murderer prosecute him/herself
As a veteran of war, why do you allow veterans in Phoenix to die?  What have you done to fix the VA hospital in Phoenix?
I agree McCain should retire. He obviously can't see past himself and has become part of the problem and part of the swamp.
maybe cut down on the tweets and pop out for a Town Hall in AZ huh? OR just tweet us your schedule for T halls, hmmmmm?
I'm sure your healthcare saw no interruption !
Trump/Ryan want to increase the military while cutting vet & dependent care & housing along with ACA & Medicare Say No
not true!  Get facts BEFORE u spew.
so u support Pres Trump policies but stab him in the back every chance you get?
Good thing since this idiot president just said our troops don't fight to win. From one vet to another, it's time to step up!
because they don't have support!
and #prezbrump is going to fix that by genning a fake war. No thanks
Sen. McCain, I'm sure you'll find some moral high ground from which to criticize Trump's VA Sec., given sufficient time.
he always finds something to criticize Pres Trump about!  Only in office 40 days.
Well the VA Sec is wrong. Choice has left a very bad taste in our mouths.
I am so sorry I voted for you. How long of you been senator and how long has our VA hospital been the worst in the nation?
Retired Military already have choices. If you Privatize VA you'll end up with most needy Vets without healthcare They're Poor
yeah?? Where were you for the last 8 years...When vets were getting screwed?
Where have you been for 8 years while Obama shit on veterans? You've done nothing but want to start more wars!
EXACTLY!  Support our President Trump or go home!  Hopefully NOT AZ!  Don't want to see u!
Talk is cheap start funding the VA hospitals, medical centers and clinics. You are not fighting for vets and need to start!
The main problem is large number of vets with "questionable" service related medical conditions! Wanabies clogging system.
they need more of everything to get all the beds and emergency open freeze hurts vets
dont let them under fund the VA  new VA hospital in Lake Nona needs to get staffed so they can be fully operational
We talked about health care at our #flagstaff town hall last night. You were a no-show. We improvised. Over 100 there!
he dosent care about Vets or the USA. What a looser. This guy needs to go!
Russia Russia Russia Russia #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialProsecutor
What if we stop the dual insurance issues and give ALL vets access to tricare? Wouldn't that help more?
and the rest of America? Y'all got a plan for that? We need some help here.
we need you to be a patriot and continue standing up to Trump. We are headed down a slippery slope. People before party!
Gee you agree with something from this administration! You need to become Democrat!
please do something Senator.  The man in the White House has no idea what he is doing.  Stand, Senator.  For vets, for all
Admit yourself to a VA hospital...SOON!
glad? Really? Are you.glad? Big whoop! HEY EVERYBODY, JOHNS GLAD!
why haven't you done something for our vets ? After all these years ? Being an opponent to Trump will be your last act.
Don't forget the families that are being deported! Keep their healthcare, but save their families.
Why does the V.A. have to authorize the use of the Choice Card? If the veterans need medical services why can't they go.
Unless & until Trump Russian ties are fully investigated- you have no credibility. A true American would make this a priority
@marcorubio so nice to see you working for us senator as opposed to FL's weasel in abstention. Give some lessons to Marco.
Are you going to stand by and let the spending cuts through that will hurt vets and military families?
Now do something to save ACA. It u really care abt Americans, SHOW IT BY SAVING ACA! #SaveOurHealthcare
thanks senator McCain
u are so outa touch! Give it a name an oh it works!!! NOT Choice Program is a JOKE but then again you've never checked
Could u pls put your personal feelings for trump aside and work with him for America's sake. We must get things done and
How can we make that program better? Docs complain about slow reimbursement & drop out of it.
please bring our troops home, nothing but heartache and it's obvious we can't give them proper care
Lot's of fraud in the VA system Senator. We need accountability.
Doctors don't want to accept Choice Card because they don't get paid in a timely manner. Few doctors accept it.
And now for the rest of americans. Health Care for ALL must be a priority. USA is only major country still without.
too bad you dont mind screwing the rest of America. Vets are truly important- be we are too
Did you know that some Providers thru Choice Card are not taking Veterans anymore cuz they weren't paid? Obviously U don't
I worked at VA 40 years ago. They were bad then and sounds like worse now. Close  outdated monstrosities & give choice cards
Trumps Russian connection is a slap in the face of every soldier who served on the east/west German border
Yes and McCain's Russian connection is equally a slap in the face, except there's actually proof of McCain's.
these idiots only see what they want to see. His call from the russians is on youtube. Aweful!
Saudis or US. Where does McCains loyalty lie. https://twitter.com/rejialex7/status/836248299728486401 …
those russia involvements!!
happy President Trump is in charge, now they will be taken care of.
Investigate. Please investigate and start to save our country before Russia and Bannon blow us all up
This is a great idea!
Long time coming for our veterans.
This never would have happened without our present leadership.
you Sir are a failure, and need to resign
thank you John McCain for sticking your neck out there but try harder please.
term limits for you
Sir, I saw a notice to the vets last wk. They're losing their day care services!  Not good.
Yes, Read ;Acknowledged Sen. John McCain
The VA has been in need of a total overhaul for many years now. Let's hope it gets taken care. The current state of VA stinks
I am an American military veteran Ranger special forces.  Mr.  McCain please investigate backlog for disability benefits VA
Pandemic and All Hazard Preparedness 42 U.S.C. §  241 authorizes BARDA to search for countermeasures and pandemic products
Yes so are #WeThePeople We Love the cabinet Our @POTUS picked True Conservatives! True Patriots
are you equally happy that our president just said our military doesn't know how to fight and win anymore?
Neither does McCain. Our military is the softest we've seen since post WWII. They have been restrained last 8 yrs.
How do Vets like you feel about a foreign adversary having leverage in the WH? Special prosecutor w/ subpoena power NOW!
you know veteran care is going to be one of the first things cut to fund Trumps wall, military, and corporate tax breaks
already on the block my friend
Thank you Thank you Thank you! Living with a Vet who is using Choice and it's a great program.
is hot AF
