There isn't a labor shortage. Many Americans gave up on the workforce b/c bizs prefer to hire undocs (easier to abuse for maximizing profit)
Alright well, Americans better get ready to start picking fruit and vegetables in the summer heat.
I guarantee you they will just as soon as we stop sending them free checks in the mail to watch TV . Hunger is a GREAT MOTIVATOR !!!
These people are already hungry. Already probably at homeless shelters off an on.
I think one of the points is that if someone works a day of work, then they should be able to afford food & a place to stay..
..Going hungry &/ homeless while working 40 hrs/wk, so landing on taxpayer programs while biz providing "job" makes obscene profit is wrong.
ANY job is more honorable than mooching off others and every society has known this until modern times . we are encouraging people to b lazy
So...how much does a field hand make per hour?
This is having a fairly major impact here in seacoast NH/southern ME. Restaurants are really hurting.
Betcha there's no shortage of visas for Mar-a-Lago.
Trump jobs posted on Fed. webpage for foreign workers on Made In America Week!
Hmm, maybe we should put the ones living off the govt to work. No more labor shortage.
NO Labor shortage&Mexicans aren't slaves
Where do you all get off thinking we are here to do your dirty work.
"illegals"do it cuz illegal
There are good illegals and bad illegals , the whole idea of a wall and security is to KNOW who is who BEFORE they enter !! COMPRENDE ??
please also show a picture of the Mexican drug dealers pushing heroin and meth into our Nation ... You never show those pictures
are you so ignorant that you do not realize FLOODING America with people from other Nations is ASKING for civil war ?? Do you not get that ?
Are you a Senator of AMERICA , or MEXICO ??? WHO do you work for ??? To me it's like you are a Senator of MEXICO !!! RETIRE PLEASE !!
I hope you get well soon , but really you are a DISASTROUS "Senator" ... I thought you took an oath to defend AMERICA ??
There are plenty of Americans who need jobs , tell 'em to get off welfare and go get one .... hunger is a great motivator
your "solution" is to bring in 30 million more illegals , HOW ABOUT PUTTING WELFARE RECIPIENTS TO WORK , stop paying them to watch TV
Jesus christ. Even on your death bed you're working hard to continue to betray your country and sell us out to illegals. Please hurry up.
What utter BS. If there was a labor shortage wages would be rising instead of declining. We do have a Shortage of pro worker GOP Senators
"guest workers"? Oh, you mean visa-jumpers and future welfare recipients!
Ho]in% you are well and back in action soon. You have never been needed more than now! Take care of your courageous self.
60+ mil able bodied US citizen workers, but NOT WORKING. Instead collecting tax payer med, $$, EBT? Need to assign case wkrs to manage this.
1 million plus homeless civilians & vets across our country, but 'refugees' get housing, $$, SSN, US passport, essentially asylum. #change
These are the jobs Americans won't do....they weren't taken.
Wish we had a reliable system to monitor temporary work visas...
And for those who were talking shut about john during cOMEY trial, beech feel like a fool now
Drive to cali, get some cookies and walk thru the treatment in no time, your body doesn't have to fight they it if it's high it will heal
My dad had cancer and lived for tenet years after it, he wouldn't take an aspirin, but after five days with no food he tried weed/lived/live
Mr McCain, your my second favorite veteran behind my grandpa who died in WWII , I hear you have a health challenge. Smoke weed it will help
Americans gave up long ago, they like to pay lower wages to illegals. It's just not right...it doesn't pay the bills to be paid 6 dollars hr
Then try hiring some Americans why don't you! Oh wait, that would make sense and you would have to actually pay them.
Well let all the ppl who were shouting at Latinos to go back to Mexico do the work ,ppl that are Latino American were told the same thing bi
Mr. McCain My family is praying for your speedy recovery and you and your family's peace of mind
 Thank you for your service of years
Trump kicked em all out
Get well soon!
For some reason that's what @Disney said before they brought in The REPLACEMENTS, to be trained by the People that they were REPLACING!
Senator McCain
i want to offer up my sincerest prayers upon hearing about yourhealth.My heart goes to you and your family.May God Bless you.
What about all those out of work coal miners Trump promised jobs to? They can start #MAGA by digging some ditches & picking lettuce.
We've been predicting this forever! Deport all the workers because your racist without first cracking a book to ponder the consequences.
Make it mandatory for all kids that graduate high sch./or drop out, to work. One summer menial labor. Problem solved!
Xux
There is no shortage. This is propaganda bull shit.
Mr. Senator McCain I was watching Tucker and heard you have brain cancer I'm so very sorry God Bless You and I wish you the best health
I also want to thank you for your service to this country your a. Fantastic  patriot
If wages,healthcare,guns,and religion are not in the Governments domain,securing slave labor through visas isn't either. Free market system.
The shortage is in people willing to pay a decent wage,not workers!.....
We have raised lazy children,not all of us, but u can't get a kid to stay on a construction job-money doesn't matter-they quit after a week!
But we're deporting those that have served and defended our freedom. Hmmm
How can there be a shortage when young ppl looking for jobs cant find them?
Thank Trump
Nothing about healthcare repeal?
Please get well soon sir, conservatives and liberals need sane players to keep our renegade in chief in check. First, take care of yourself
Betsy Devos has some laborers in mind.
We need immigration reform then a #BalancedBudgetAmendment
Millions of welfare workers to put to work.
I do not agree. You can't get workers for bad jobs without better pay. You just don't want to pay higher salaries so you import workers.
Don't need guest workers Need people off welfare & back to work. Work on that. You and congress need to get off  your ivory towers.
Please....how many corp donated to you to get cheap labor??
Oy- really McCain? We NEED illegals to do this work? You are the problem.
The free market will iron this out. Quit handing out free stuff & rewarding those who don't contribute.
how bout some subsidy receivers go after the work? i find it hard to believe there is any labor shortage. No shortage on laziness though
Here are some facts about Putin's fav Aussie house Frau who wants Sen. McCain to die. Shame!
I urge all those who seek decency to go reply to this horrible alt left, fake journalist.
You and all the republicans are a total embarrassment. I have always voted rep. but if you can't repeal obamacare you can go pound sand.
Please leave office, maybe welfare is not creating willingness to work. Even late senator Moynahan predicted that. Keep your Soros ideas.
Okay the GOP must get with the democrats and together act like adults and work to make the ACA better for all Americans! Impeach Trump!
I can't understand why immigrants would be reluctant to come here! It must Psycho prez ?
Part-time, low wages with no benefits!!! So the greedy have reneged on the social contract to provide a living wage, earning record profits!
Get better soon!
WHY DOES TRUMP NOT OFFER THOSE 15000 JOBS TO HIS BASE ?

WHY BREAK PROMISES TO HIS BASE?
Admirer/speedy recovery! We both have a few more decades to live- hopefully :) You can affect millions though: Decent Health bill. Defy D.T.
Alt-Righters won't clean your toilets?
Guess your sickness was a lie, twitter fool...
Trump conned his base into thinking that foreign workers where taking jobs from Americans.
You mean the only immigrants Trump wants are those he "employs" at his businesses?
Hope you're recovering well.
Labor shortage? There is no shortage of labor. It's a capitalist concert called "supply & demand." I.e. PAY MORE !!!
I hope you are feeling better. You could always cross the isle for support on this issue as the GOP reform leadership is... lacking.
Get well soon  and get back to work. I don't support Republicans but you're one of the sane ones. The country needs people like you 
Let the market work. Pay more and labor supply goes up.
All you and the #GOP care abt is screwing the middle class,poor,sick,elderly &children. #GOPLegallyKillsAmericans #TrumpcareKills #GOPKillsU
OH NOW YOU WANT TO TALK !!!
BETTER YOU WORK FOR THE PEOPLE!
THAT ARE IN CHARGE 4YEARS !
#repealobamacare  BY THE FOLLOWERS OF OUR PRESIDENT !!!
JOHN MCCAIN YOUR NOT GOD AND YOUR NOT PRESIDENT !! WE WON ELECTION DAY
WE WANT FREE OF GOVERNMENT' CONTROL !
FREE MARKET !  TIME'S A WASTE
Per your ideology, should have meant higher wages, and jobs for American workers.  Instead, GOP answer is cheap immigrant labor?
Because they are on subsides via the gov't .WHY  WORK
After that idiot said you're not a hero because you were caught and you still running and kissing up his ass and covering for him.SAD 
Gee, looks like some things are backfiring on the GOP and Trump. Maybe you all should worry more about the people from here on out.
You must be fine if you're tweeting away. Healthcare vote is over - complain about taxes now
The people will get term limits put in place and get rid of the republican and democratic obstructionists
He's your problem that you can fix. But you're too chicken sh*t so you'll whine here on Twitter?  This will solve nothing. Weak, John, weak
Senator McCain what are the wages that the jobs were advertised for & how intense was job advertising done.  Please investigate & see why?
We have unemployment.  We have a labor shortage. Hmmmmm.
Reminder that there are places in America still struggling- "2 Cities With Unemployment Rates North of 25%" http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2013/12/05/two-cities-with-unemployment-rates-north-of-25/ … #Yuma
Take care.
Ya mean undocumented immigrants really were doing the jobs Americans don't want to do? - imagine that - put Don Jr. and Eric to work.
Really?   Recruit and pay Americans well.  Let's restore work ethic
There is no labor shortage.
All right alt-right basement dwellers. Now is your chance to start digging ditches and mowing lawns! Any takers?
if it pays the bills hell yes. Opportunity opens doors & when the door opens more doors follow. Hard work also brings pride & satisfaction.
School buses full of guest workers, packed to the brim looking miserable headed to northern Ind or Mich. Difficult to see. Sad for them & us
The key is L E G A L L Y......No one opposes immigration or guest workers.  BUT they need to FOLLOW THE LAW AND THE RULES.  L E G A L!!!
Simple concept don't pay your labor crap and you make more money ain't that right Rich folks
Cost of living continues to go up but job wages never really improve
Get out of bed and tell your supporters to go do manual labor. how is it people never had to do this kind of work would have opinions on it
Reverse Midas touch! Everything Trump touches turns to shit! #Impeach before he completely destroys our country!
HATEFUL stereotyping. How abt thinking4yourself? I have my Bachelor's degree, No Pickup, & I'm THANKfully not a brainwashed Lib Zombie
They pay these workers sub par wages. I didn't see that in the article.
Raise minimum wage and I bet more Americans would take those jobs.
Please retire, Senator McCain. You are very out of touch with your constituents, and your health seems worse than u r letting on.
Get the 17-18 yo & ppl on welfare that r able body. Get all the kids that out of high school being enable by parents. Kick their a** out
They could all live in a communal place too since they won't have enough to live on their own... we could call it... communism!
WHY THE HECK ARE YOU STILL SPEAKING?? I don't want to hear you at all.
You are TREASONOUS. YOU BELONG IN JAIL.
And we want to build a wall
Note pay more
U can thank the Trumpster for this. It is happening all over the nation. Cape Cod has been hit hard. https://www.google.com/#q=Labor+shortage+this+summer+on+Cape+Cod …
From Joseph Goebbels “If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. part 1
Fight to stop the war crimes office from shutting down
Did you see this John??  Sick!!
Who is that big haired bimbo?
So a labor shortage should drive up the price of labor.   If you flood the market what happens to the price of labor?
That's not how it works for unskilled labor.
fo somoe who cant seem to vote your doing pretty good at tweeting.
Simple solution to labor shortage..take all the able bodied people, who can work but don't want to, who are on welfare and put them to work.
Yeah, that will work. You know nothing about seasonal work.
Seasonal in his state? Right.
Yes, right
I'm more concerned about the American patriotism shortage than labor shortage.  Too many GOP have decided Russia > America.
John singing off key again. The issue is HEALTHCARE!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain you are so out of touch with the American people
I suppose you know more about farming labor and migrant workers? Go pick your own fruit! Good luck!
We knew this would happen.  Poor Trump's golf courses  may  not get maintained, oh goody!
Looks like employers will have to raise wages, unless John "Russian Dossier" McCain allows even MORE immigrants to take the jobs for less.
Senator- Please fight to keep the ACA.
We don't need to go back to no coverage for preexisting conditions or lifetime limits.
#NeverRepeal
Repeal

First... Get well Senator McCain!

Wishing you and yours all the best!
Second... wonder why we have a shortage?
Because they either don't want to come work where they're hated or not enough visas or both
THIS IS A HOAX TO BRING IN MORE IMMIGRANTS!!
I don't support your politics but happy to see you're recovering well.
So what do you want to bring immigrants on to do American Jobs? You have totally lost your mind #RINO
Nah, 45s camp is doing that. Pay attention.
Maybe this why he is against current adminstration?

You can't repeal the ACA without taking away 32 million people's health care. http://bit.ly/2u5rZ7K  

Joe Manchin's message to GOP senators: "Let’s get together" on health care
https://bloom.bg/2tbPSaW  
