Dear Senator, what exactly were demands against the US after Obama interfered n the Israeli election in 2015? I can't remember ur outrage.
John, who in the establishment is paying you to side with the liberals?  George Soros? You've sold your soul.
Hey senator when are you ever going to help fix that dang border! I guess local issues that effect the citizens of AZ don't matter to you..
ENOUGH about Russia. Show the proof.  Until then... Let's move on. There's nothing to talk about!
So is this like everything else, you talk tough but then do nothing? You have the power DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
I cant believe Im saying this but if McCain & Graham will come together they have what it takes to take 45 & Co DOWN. #RESIST
That's a big if, for 2 backstabbers.Just like Arlin Spector.Theyre colluding with the rats to stop the progress our pres. is trying to make.
McCain is an analogue of the Politburo of the USSR. Old,senile paranoid idiots who stuck in time. It's bad for US.
By spewing hatred you are doing a disservice to your own country.
1/2  Dear Sen McCain, Please more action along w/words. You've done some good things, but US politics ...
2/2 have never recovered from the insult of picking Sarah Palin as running mate. Time to make it up to US.
You don't have any proof of interference.why are you lying, to help you're fellow rats on the left?You're just like Arlen Spector.
Well Do something.YOUR GOP LEADERS COULD CARE LESS.Trump & Putin has Raped American Values. Damn sick to see my Country lay down for $$$
Get ready for more interference in 2018. Y'all in Congress are Behind the ball and looking weak, sir.
You and the Republican Party are not doing your job of oversight. Trump thinks he is the king and can do whatever he wants.
Nursing home time for you!
Why didn't u stay in Vietnam or resign
ddavenport213 is an extremist troll account. 

some of the fake accounts it follows:
Please sir, retire before you lose all credibility for someone who served their country!
@SenJohnMcCain my Dad served with you on the USS Forrestal. You both have given too much to let Russia take over #GOP. #Countrybeforeparty
Russia hasn't done squat.Mccain &CNN have no proof of Hillary's lies about why she lost.shes crooked,period.Stop supporting this politician.
We should sanction u.
You have harped on for 6mths on this garbage and you come up with '0'. The ppl see you for who you are and what your doing.Step back and out
Would have been nice if you showed up prepared and coherent for the Comey hearings. You failed us all, again
@SenJohnMcCain SenPlease continue to fight this idiot who happened to become president.  His time of being impeached is nearing.
Of Clinton corruption, deception, and media collusion. Russia never hacked vote machines acc to the FBI. IF RUSSIA WAS INTERFERING
I think it better to focus on impeachment of Trump. Rumors are flying on why u aren't pursuing ... do the right thing and expose Trump
McCain never saw a war he didn't like.  If McCain were president he would send ground troops to Moscow.
Obvious you have a personal agenda against the Russians. You represent our Country, also your personal feelings are  directed at Potus "WHY"
Stand UP Sir When it Counts and Say This it's time to Speak Up or Shut Up Stop leading the American People on Hero or trumper you decide.
You guys all talk, you don't DO shit. Russia is in our wh and you let it happen
What about Obamacare???   Get focused on what is important to the people who put you in power....not what's important to you.
Totally Agree !
Yeah.  They got what they wanted.
Senator, please find a way to convince Senator Corker to stop blocking the Senate from introducing a Russian sanctions bill. You can do it.
You're assuming there WAS interference.  Where's the proof?  Back OUR President, show a united conservative front against the liberal left.
Now DO something instead of "expressing concern" and "disappointment".  Oh wait, you won't.  You just want nice sound bites and quotes.
trump played by Saudi Arabia, dissed by France & Germany, laughed at. In one trip USA lost it's place as leader of Western World. Hard to do
Time for ACTION Sen McCain..words are easy!!
You tell em john
With all do respect it is time to start walking the talk.  In fact it is far overdue. Loosing deep felt respect rapidly
How dare we let a foreign country interfere with our democratic process those guilty should be held accountable
We have been begging you to stand up with actions, not just words.
If you won't - we will - with our votes.  We are asking you to be a hero!
please take action,make coalition w/ other Senators & Congress men & women. Russians are invading us not w/ military but through Mr. Trump
You should retire you are not all that old but your brain is like a rock. Go stay in the woods with HRC, she'll listen to your BS.
you talk a tough game McCain, but seem to do nothing in the end but go along with Tump
When you do something I will listen. Lip service. The Maverick is gone. No balls to take on GOP. Gov't of Putin
As for the sanctions, c'mon, we feel boring with no fools on the box.
You, Mister, had rather punish your dog for eating your breakfast since Russian hackers had stolen the whole pal you had forgotten to buy.
And you're doing what? Get off the party bus and jump on the county's train. STAND UP TO THIS BLATANT ATTACK ON OUR DEMOCRACY.
SO DO SOMETHING!!!!!
trump expected to block Comey testifying, orders staff to ignore info requsts, nunes back creating diversions, Putin love affair with WH...
Tears swell in my eyes Mr. McCain for the corruption from your GOP party- you are a true Statesman - Please rally the good!
keep it up
Stop talking and start doing!
When is that going to happen?  You Republicans are letting Trump destroy America.
Trump needs to removed, we're is McConnell? Home counting his Money Trump gives him? Sure as hell not reading his OATH TO MY COUNTRY
John , then do Something.Trump & Putin is running the show. Trump should be impeached, but THE GOP IS COVERING HIM.LOOK AT RYAN & Nunes.
What interference? The NRA won this election for us. Did a Russian change your vote? Get real, you sound senile!
we agree on something. Its like giving putin a prize 4 his actions.
I only voted for you because the Democrat candidate was worse.
Prove it or shut up. There should be a punishment for instigators.
You are SO right. What's wrong with the Rs in Congress. The Republican party is now a doormat for Trump's craziness. Please break free.
agree!
If only you were in a position of power, and could do something...
Can u pls explain 'your' somewhat recent meeting with russian (ambassador?) during pres transition w/ @GStephanopoulos or Chris Wallace?
Fake news John...Russian had nothing to do with your comrade's loss.
You have the power to do something about this other than just talk. What DO you plan to do?
Incredible that a true conservative like John McCain is vilified by the anti-intellectual radical right, and they lift up a farce - Drumpf
Talk to your GOP cronies!!! Enough already!
Ronald Reagan is rolling in his grave and would not tolerate this new Administration for one minute. Where are the Bush's on this? Hello?!?!
You have a voice, ours. Do something!!
how do we know Russia didn't help @SenJohnMcCain get re-elected?
U must stop giving these properties back 2 Russia so they can spy on us. How Rediculous is that!? GET RUSSIA OUT OF OUR CNTRY & GOVERNMENT!
They use their eastern shore property to spy acoustically on our APG! Never let them back in there
We keep waiting 4 your #patriotic position on issues important to #America-So far, U roll over for the @GOP and #Trump. #Hero...? #congress
Thank you for recognizing the Russian aggression and subversive behavior. They are no ally. Since when have they ever been? We admire you!
Where is your senate colleagues  outrage Senator?
Nobody has even PROVEN THAT RUSSIA DID ANYTHING -EXCEPT TO THE MINDS OF LIBERALS!!
Absolutely. Stay strong Senator. We need & love you
Then pursue stronger sanctions. Don't just spill words.
Actions speak louder than words @SenJohnMcCain 
Please take action.
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #RemoveSessions

#TheResistance
Yes they have. They gave us our president 
Finally, someone in the @GOP is going to stand up to this dictator.  Everyone in the Nixon admin thought they were going to survive.
Gather you party and take america back.
Clearly all Progressive posts here in support of McCain...a RINO. Time to come out of the closet John. You Sir...are not a Republican.
McCain doesn't help veterans, or Americans. He is a democrat not a republican. Disgraceful songbird
Congress needs to censure MCCAIN
You are so right! Stay strong Senator McCain!
I have had it with you Senator! Just change parties or better yet retire
Yes, agree with you @SenJohnMcCain - how can you help? @marcorubio where are you on this. You are always so silent.
I bet you are "disturbed", right? Sir, you are an American patriot. The Russians are at the gates. It is time to act & lead. America b4 GOP.
Now if only you would do more than talk talk talk
John how can you guys let @POTUS do this. It makes no freaking sense. What's happening in DC? @CNN @AC360 @donlemon @LindseyGrahamSC
I agree, Senator. Less talk and more action tho, OK?
Oh there you are.
That's on your party, McCain. You can do something about it.
And you have done nothing to help control Trump. John - your a lot of tough talk and little action. GOP syncophant
@SenJohnMcCain Put your stance where your mouth is. Quit aiding the treason. Be a patriot again, not a sleazy, sold out political hack.
Massive mistake! But it makes sense because Trump doesn't  represent the American ppl. Trump is the puppet for Putin, & does his bidding.
Amen. At the very least.
Please be a leader. Continue sanctions and get to the bottom of this #TrumpRussiacollusion we need answers!
Then gather up your GOP and meet the Dems halfway.  Get that idiot of the WH
Trump is the Manchurian President
Agree
Russia is Donny's Iran
Sir, I admire your willingness to go against your party's interests, but I think you need to be even MORE vocal! @realDonaldTrump must go!
U r right, however the global politics are changing and this isn't WW I,II,OR III. more like pelloponosian 2.0, with Civil Islam vs terror +
Better watch on Showtime.A 4 night event this month with Oliver Stone& Putin .Does this give you nightmares? Putin thinks all this is Bull
What did they do...Mr. McCain, time for you to go home and stay there.
John McCain Keep up with Liberals Cozy on up to Putin Sunday on NBC. What a dress to welcome him! Kelly Asks Putin if he is ready for her
And you're a Senator. Sooooo...go for it.
And STIFF punishment for the TRAITORS, every single one John, no matter who they are. PERIOD. Men and women DIE to preserve this country.
Senator McCain,we have got to get Trump out of the Whitehouse. I didn't send a son to war for Trump to destroy our country.
Nationalize those 2  facilities as well as any structures that housed known spies and/or where instruments of #Trumprussia #moneylaundering.
how can we stop this maniac? putin is not our friend. he is laughing at us plus saying russians did interfere.
I appreciate your sentiments. Start voting against him on things. But up policy roadblocks. Get Bannon out. DO SOMETHING please!!
You are literally one of the few people in this country who has the power and the ability to do something. Please take action.
Watch it or someone will take your @GOP card away. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Russians haven't done anything.

Quit blaming Russians.
About congress lack of ability to do anything.
Russia again?

You people are chickens.

Russia hasn't done anything, get over it.
where is that bill to stop trump from lifting sanctions?
You must be very concerned. @POTUS will do whatever he wants.. Including treason. You will lick his boots. Lol
Then pursue it.
Then do something
Thank you Senator McCain.
Put your money where your mouth is and make it happen then!
You simply want war don't you John McCain-is that what you guys are shooting for? Get out of office stop trying to injure foreign relations.
Stop your hand-wringing. Stop acting as if you and your colleagues are powerless. #collusion #trumprussia
So ... you're giving them their holiday mansions back anyway ? Weak,  Senator, very very weak
Please help us all?!!
@GOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats you must get trump out.  He is destroying our country.  Must chose America over party.
Please introduce stronger sanctions then, and get the necessary support in both houses to pass them.
Why is the @GOP not standing with you on this???  @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Tides can turn, you know.  Get Russia OUT of our politics.
Why don't u just admit ur a traitor to America, and switch to the Democratic Party, since ur in bed with them.
the bending over backward to our most dangerous foe makes me worried that Trump is not working in US interest
Please retire
That old guy . . . 
Thank you for your courage an love of country.
Umm, we're waiting on you to act
Until then, your part of the problem...
If you really want to turn things around you could show off your maverick-ones, by initiating impeachment hearings.
So what are you doing about it? NOTHING, bc your in bed with Trump. Hypocrites!
You should retire! You have done nothing to help Make America Great Again
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for being the last voice a reason in the GOP keep up the good fight sir! #impeach45 #thinkforyourself #trumprussia
Until YOU and the other Republican Senators do something about Trump you're all just as much to blame.
Sure they've done something - they are controlling the president.
you should be president!!!
What can you do about that?
TRUMP IS PUTIN'S B I T C H
Amen. Thanks for all you do. This is only one of many.
stop talking, do something!
Speak out more forcefully. Punch McConnell in the head. Whatever it takes.
No sactions relief or compounds!!!!
So start the impeachment rant why don't ya.
The get off your ass and do it!
well then sir- start the ball rolling- don't just talk
I wish you would support president and get on with getting health care and taxes dealt with.
Relax....Support @realDonaldTrump and @VP !!!!
Thanks! You are our only hope.
