FYI we DO NOT care what you think. You betrayed Americans.
Healthcare, Healthcare, Healthcare, Healthcare. Keep your promise, Keep your promise, Keep your promise. Just more political crap spewing...
You lie to the people ! 
You must resign 
@grannygethealth 
@trumpazona 
@grannygethealth 
@cultcommoncore
I'm sorry the present was a world-class jerk to you last night. Glad 2 see you working and doing well. Thank you for your health care vote!
The President tells the truth.  Senator Mccain does not.
8 years McCain promoted
repeal & replacement of Obamacare.  Then voted against
It
You're a servant to the US public to the core, Senator.

Whatever one may think of your politics-all Americans could take a lesson from you.
notice how the leaks have stopped since Mc Cain isn't around? He is a wolf in sheeps clothing.
More like since Bannon is gone which makes sense since most leaks sounded as if they were coming out from senior staff in the White House.
I still believe McCain is behind this. He would like to take Trump down. It's personal not professional and certainly not for the good of us
Believe what you like, but a Congressman does not have the level of White House access to provide the leaks that were coming out.
money talks and bs walks. Are you serious?
Quite and money doesn't change the basis of my point either.
Long arms and many yeàrs of favors!
you sir..............need to retire........
No picture, fascist Linda hiding behind an egg
ha, ha, ha............yes.......I'm a 73 year old fascist.........lol
Ugh go away
Maybe you should skip backwards and take care of repealing Obama care first.
Keeping the president from jeopardizing it.
I need someone to hire me in Columbia, SC
John look!  A propaganda media camera. Better run over to get in front of it.
How about kicking off the day. ..by kicking out the racist and chief. When you don't condemn. ..you are complicit.
President is not a racist.   The word has become meaningless.   Everyone is called a racist, even you
Talked to the 10 Denmos ànd 2 republicans to stop any real progress?
Why don't you kick off your day by supporting our President, the People's President & get his agenda moving rather than You obstructing it!!
Blah blah blah, that's all we get from McCain, lies lies lies, all he can do anymore is criticize his  potus, he'a traitor

Your strength is amazing. Am so pissed @ DJT for 'not naming names' & mocking you last night. He has no integrity. @MeghanMcCain
Trump just calls it as he sees it.
Denounce last night's debacle please.
One question. Why are putting this out for all to read?  Security
Your the Greatest Person ever!
All these democrats loving you .....whats wrong with this picture??? #corruptrepublican
Stand up Stand up support America support President Trump
Your  treatments are not for sissies. You have nothing to prove.  You're already a hero. Take care of yourself.
Stop cluing in #potus which in turn tells his bestie #RussiaPutin everything Meanwhile #Putin doesn't say what he's doing #Impeach #Traitor
Lies
Happy to see you back sir!!!
IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED JOHN? HELPING SOROS. ELITESTS. DUMMOCRATS. MERRY CHRISTMAS!! winning!!
please list here what john has done for Arizona. DO IT!!
He lied and let us down for MORE ATTENTION GETTING SCHEMES. check out the video of the veteran ripping him a TRUTH new one. had no answers.
How bout voting like you promised ????  You are responsible for AZ insurance rates skyrocketing TY Maverick
Time for you to retire and get well.
...that we proudly served.
...he's already burning down every thing or person that stands in his way.  I know you're going through a tough time-but this IS our country
How about, please, speak out against this ship of fools that is the Trump "administration" just because it's the right thing to do?
By the way get well soon hero
Spend the rest of the time burying the maniac in the clown house. You may save us all
knows how important free speech is
                   Its a right
       the left has no power
Donald Trump is the most despicable human I have seen . I know he is down list historically but still on list . God bless JMc
Go back to bed and rest  John!  Be quiet , you have  done enough damage to America already in your lifetime.
What healthcare bill? All it it was repeal not replace, if you payed attention you would know, but you are the ilk that supports trump
You love this Country, no doubt. So start the Impeachment process.Trump is Dangerous, you know it, we all know it. A shameful legacy for you
Do you know how impeachment works? You don't get Hilliy, you will get Pence.
It's a series of tubes.

Vote McCain and Jeff flake out
Your unwavering dedication to our country no matter your personal circumstances is a daily inspiration.
How about you discus ocare , tax cuts
You should take a long nap traitor
Thank you and please DO change your "R" to and "D." Go out smoking and make history by saving our democracy. Only u can!  
When a republican senator gets the support of all the lefties in here , speaks volume about the one vote traitor 
U think the propaganda media supports you? They want the Rep Traitor  to say negitives. They don't like u, you are their Benedict Arnold!
Why don''t you retire and enjoy all the money the Swamp has paid you to turn against Trump,GOP, but mainly Americans!
U shud have attended Trump rally   You embarrass me as a conservative American.  You shame the Republicans also.  :{
How about dealing with the nuclear security threat - President Trump!
Cyber attacker number 1 is trumpsky
Your war record does not give you a free pass. You're too weak. We need & have a street fighter in President Trump!!
That's your problem...too much damn discussion. No action. Mr. Obstruction will be your rememberence in Congress.
I'm not a republican, nor democrat.  I don't always agree with you.  But I have mad respect for you!!  .
Sending positives vibes and blessings  
If you could just pry that phone from Donnie's tiny hands, I think our cybersecurity structure would be improved yugly! 
Cheers
RETIRE ALREADY!
Where were you for 8 yrs? Now that it's a mess you finally want to do something. Retire!
A start would be impeaching the president, who collaborated with Russia to throw the presidential election through nefarious hacking.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you  You must get better to save America from 45/cab
Leading the fight to stop Obamacare....1VOTE!  1VOTE! 1VOTE!
Kicking off your day preventing the country from moving forward
A true statesman. Sometimes it's what one does not say that speaks volumes. Pls heal yourself, leave GOP and run as independent for POTUS.
Look at all the democrats supporting you. Time for you to come out of closet as the Dem you are. Better yet retire.
, Showboats last vote for media hype at 2am after cancer surgery gives big thumbs down, This is not normal 82yrs old must go for good of USA
https://twitter.com/sandraopines/status/900402902895874048 …
Challenge #1.  Get your president to stop using Twitter to vent about policy and foreign affairs @realDonaldTrump #FakePresident
Challenge is Debbie Wasserman Shultz, and the Pakistan's. Oh that's right, your rapier tongue can't attack Democrats, eh Brutus.
What are you going to do when they turn on you and believe me those Dumbo rats will turn on you in a second they've insulted you for years
You should be so proud of yourself that the only ones that tweet you anymore are these Dumbo rats who think and know you're on their side
Sir what's the use when POTUS is a leaker? Cyber security only goes so far when POTUS actively undermines all efforts. Enough already. #25th
Do you think it is a security risk or arrogance or both for generals to ignore written request for help w/kids forced to enlist then raped.
I second that!
Do you think it is a security concern when cimt are trained to rape cadets then force them to sign 20 year contracts with military?
Sir, take care yourself,
Keep working show 'em u ain't dead yet. Don't always agree with ur politics but I respect u as a human and Arizonan.
Oh, have you been formally educated in cyber security or computer security at all or is your contribution more "poser" than factual?
Such a great man 
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE THE "SONGBIRD"...
Retire John!
Blah blah blah
Your strength amazes me, Senator McCain!
You are one of my heroes.
Did you call Putin?
Maybe you should work on O care, Taxes instead
Whatever. Don't have any faith in you. Probably looking to cover Obamas ass
Any regrets you killed any hopes of replacing Obama care for us AZ. residents. voters remember.
Please rest so your recovery can be ensured. But hats off to you, Sir. @BarackObama sure was right,cancer doesn't know what it's up against.
stand tall Big John.
Glad to see you're feeling OK got bless you and your family and please send it or do something about Trump he is destroying what America is
Anyone mention the Russian agents in the White House?
Shut up traitor..Vote you out
Hell is waiting for you
A very important subject indeed!
Reboot the @GOP #25thAmendmentNowAnd Always
You have the support or your state. A war hero always wins over a coward! #Coward #BoneSpurs #draftdodger #ImpeachTrump
Trump just made you look like NOBODY your just a liar  doesn't keep your word can't wait till your gone
Be well soon Senator. You had 1job to get it right. You failed with 1vote. Millions of Americans are suffering as a result u failed 1chance
Is clapper with u?
I knew Ron Bliss many years ago and heard my first @SenJohnMcCain story and I swear I didn't believe it.Only because he told it was it real.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  for your unwavering service and patriotism. Keep fighting on all fronts. You've got this!
Thank you senator. Keep up the good work 
You are remarkable Senator!
Hey Songbird, just go away... ur a traitor!
Thinking of you today and sending warm wishes and beautiful karma.
Hey why dont you kick your day off by going home

#traitor
Where were you when China hacked our system and got everyone's information? 
Puff that chest out Hero 
What public servants do, while lesser men mock.
he SHOULD BE RIDICULED.  he LIED. a saw a video of a veteran telling him how he was letting them down. he had No answer. RESPECT LOST.
Why don't u kick that idiot out of the WH,!
Failure is not an option, unless it's US Foreign Policy @realDonaldTrump
Why don't you kick off your day discussing 25:4'ing our insane potus
Thank you for your service.
We'd rather see you just kick off, preferably after asking Jesus to forgive you.
Just stay home
Be well Mr. McCain
I hope this man is voted out of office. He's the perfect example of why we need Term limits!
Way to go Senator! You are truly a hero!
Is discussing our unhinged potus on your agenda today? #UnfitPotus
I hear you don't discuss,  you just bark orders and Dictate Sir.
trump is unhinged...he needs to have pep rallies to boost his ego
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch is helping funnel money into @realDonaldTrump's pocket. http://wapo.st/2vXrEDB 
Such as the mental wellbeing of POTUS
Blessings ur way sir, bt do u really think Pakistan didn't play a role in fighting against terrorism,even after loosing 100,000 plus lives
Signed
Only place I want to see you is in hospice
Wishing an ill man to be in hospice isn't right. Karma
Would have preferred that you delay that until tomorrow and discuss Pres. Toddler today.

But I'm sure Trump will offer a new horror by then
80yo man w/ brain cancer continues work w/o complaint. @realDonaldTrump needs a role model.
How about removing the fascist dictator in the White House?
As someone who has dealt with chemo, not radiation, you're one tough xxx. I'm Oregon Democrate and we need you now more than ever!
WE HAVE FAILED IN THE PAST 
MISERABLY!!
REMEMBER ARTHUR WALKER&HIS BROTHER,,,THE USS SCORPION!!
EVERYWHEREiBELIEVE WE HAVE LEAKS!
NOT ENOUGH
I hope you read this before your day started.  Amendment 25 John.  Do it.

Desperately needed in today's age. Thank you for doing this, sir!
Sending blessings your way Senator. Stay strong; I apologize for the disgraceful behavior of DT; continue to be a symbol of integrity
Ok .... 1 vote 1 vote he campaigned on repeal and replace you are delusional
Will you discuss the Awan cabal's access to Congressional computers and access to Top Secret & Classified data? How about HRC's abuses?
John my prays are with you
Are you really the best choice for this? I think not.
VET  EXTREMELY
THOSE WHO R IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SECURITY,,,THAT MEANS CONGRESS&SENATE
OBAMA&CLINTONS SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN IN THE "IN"
Please speak out about the stability of our president.
He's as stable as hell. It's Congress and especially the 2 AZ Senators who are derranged!
A little less talk and at least some action would be nice. At the rate congress moves it will during the next eclipse before that happens
I hope you have a happy and productive day Mr. McCain.
Resignation speech would be fantastic 
Be sure to let them know how you lied to the @GOP and the @POTUS on your repeal and replace of ACA. You are a fraud.
You should add this to your slide deck.
I though you would be in the war room with the guy that ownes you Soros
CYBER SECURITY MUST BE ADDRESSED 
BUT IT MUST BE ELEVATED 2THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF ALERT,NOW!
ALSO WE MUST EXTREMELY CLEAR THOSE WHO WORK,,NOW!
Such an important topic, wishing you success in all your efforts.
Did you say anything about the Awans?

Thank you for your continued service sir. You are truly a man of integrity

Challenge no 1 = POTUS
heal well senator....thank you for your service
Just go away Senator. That would be your best work. Fraud!!!!!


Stay alive and strong my friend.

How to leak more info and not get caught. Hypocrite
Start w/"bolt-on" is a bandaid, at best. Not being "built-in" was shortcut that we are paying the price for underinvestment & profiteering.
They say DNC staffers that were angry at Hillary, leak info from server to wiki leaks! INside job!
Suggestion maybe the RNC, and DNC have security guards, 24 7, this would keep this from happening again!
That's why the DNC fire most all!
Clapper said if hindsight was 20/20 he would of camped out at the DNC server! Want video!
Ok I have video on youtube, and on usb stick. In reference to hindsight being 20/20 camp out at DNC.
I think we need to be more concerned about the chinese when it comes to cyber security
Traitor liar Nazi
Top threat is congressman paying for 'dirt' on presidential campaigns and having your own staff pick up the report...
Idk why you won't be a senator much longer the American People And Especially Arizonans are tired of you acting like a Democrap!! Bye bye
Sir: please take care of yourself!
I think you should be more disturbed by the violence of antifa in your state!
The guy who is linked to fake Russian dossier 
I like Presidents that aren't captured by Nazis.
Putin is high on that agenda, hopefully



Baseball trophy????
