Hi senator, why hasn't the president signed the Russian sanctions bill? What would you do sir? You're in my prayers, & I know you'll do well
You should be on OBAMACARE! You ran on repeal & Replace, LIAR! How much did the insurance co pay you to VOTE NO!
What an awful thing to say to a man who has given and endured so much for our country
I imagine you voted NO on that one too.
Try to get them to pay for a procedure. What a hassle!!!
WHEN DO YOU FINALLY DIE!!! DONT KEEP US WAITING
As a Christian it is wrong for me to say anything like this, and wrong for me to retweet this as well, but i am only human, and not perfect.
3 To 4 Months Wait Period For Veterans To Get Appointments At VA Facilities How Is That Fair To Those Who Have Given So Much For Our Country
I used choice for spinal surgery it was incredible. Got the best surgeon in the area. Find a doctor before you call them.
Unfortunately there are those  of us that work at VA who have lots of trouble with Choice. Have waited months to be told no provider.
THANK YOU
If you used the Choice Program you would know it isn't good. The waits on the economy are as long or longer than VA. 1of3
I’ve had to use the Veteran’s Choice Program on a few occasions, saving me months in wait time for MRIs and other tests. Luckily no problems
I'm glad it's worked out for you. You may want to make sure Choice paid the provider. Good luck in the future.
Well, the provider didn’t have my employer insurance info and I never got a bill. I’m guessing they paid them.
Hey @SenJohnMcCain Have You Been To The VA Facilities, Have You Seen The BS That Those People Have To Go Thru To Get Help, Time To Retire...

Thomas Knowlton: Vietnam Veteran. Resident of the state of Arizona. Died June 2016
Sen McCain: I find Trump calling the White House a dump is an insult to all our veterans esp those that gave their lives for their country!
Fine! Now get to work & pass the healthcare & tax reform bills! And do NOT take a time-wasting recess!
https://twitter.com/EngTechnow/status/892713841125097472 … - There aren't  Enough Doctors - taking Veteran's Care Payments ! ** ( Can't Even get Good List )**
Apparently NOT Retires - Federal agency Calls ( Should Be Law ) Transparency in pricing  - http://abcn.ws/2wipSMj  via @ABC https://twitter.com/NancyPelosi/status/892487785403363329 …
Sure does seem I tweet way more than the Prez. Ur insignificant.  Go fix ur brain on the taxpayer dime and then just go away.  #TRAITOR .
Never given enough.
When are you going to cosponsor S.66 so Disabled Veterans can get the money they have earned.
How are you doing?
It's fine to disagree, I do too, but some of these tweets are vile and those that wrote them should be ashamed of themselves
U locked files so it wouldn't show how u sold your men out. Ur a disgrace to America. U will stand before God one day and pay for it
Thank the Lord u r parody acct No one is this stupid not even Republican Senators
Are you going to get the treatment for yourself at a Veterans Hosp? Bc your eyes surgery was done in a prestige Hosp with no vet personnel!
Shut up McCain you have no right to speak any more . Your last vote speaks for itself
Unfortunately the choice program needs a lot of changes before I'd consider it a win. Used it last month, it was not efficient nor helpful.
3 hour wait times
Why don't you go back and hang with the Democrats like you did right after you,so snottily,rejected the Obamacare vote.  We r voting you out
How did you accumulate all that well on a politician salary? Don't answer, it's obvious we're voting you out
I work in mental healthcare. Few things are sadder than seeing a vet who is suffering. They deserve so much more; so much better. It's sad
Keep forging ahead! So much more needs to be done for our veterans!
It's a wonder that you didn't vote against it
My dad a late Korean War vet passed a year ago from AML and he didn't get any help, even paid his own funeral
You're a two face liar. Please resign.
You had nothing to do with It! Accept a vote! This is just another pitch for votes!
ok.
I continue to be REQUIRED to pay into Obamacare DUE TO YOUR VOTE. You've betrayed Americans in wanting to get back at Trump. Small. #MCCAIN
Who are you trying to fool, McCain? You don't care about vets! Just that money flowing into your account from Saudi.
I wonder how long you would have waited for the VA to treat your illness?
I am a vet too...but I would trade that benefit for you and every other RINOs resignation
Are YOU going to use the VA John, or is your shit stinkless?
Воспользуйся помощью, полечи голову!
We ALL deserve care in our communities
resign
What about all the vet bills the Repubs blocked?
Good job ACA. How about tax reform? http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/08/mcconnell-tricked-into-admitting-he-wants-tax-cuts-for-rich.html … … Out w/Corporate Rich & hire brilliant minds by the people & for the PEOPLE!
Why are you not using a VA Hospital
If only policy debates could occur, but today we're discussing how inadequate Trump finds his current accommodations. It's time to call it.
Take good care of yourself!
You really are such a joke.
Didn't see you going to a va hospital? Or using your precious ObamAcare... oh yea, your better then us! Traitor
Still sold out your party! Karma is coming your way!!!
We noticed you didn't take advantage of VA care. You chose elite care, while veterans languish in the crappy VA in Arizona. Shame on you
Are you done complaining? John does not care about your problems because his health care is much different than yours and mine. It's a joke.
yay! that's wonderful! did any dems vote for it?
Veterans on Navajo land drink water that is laced with Uranium from all the open Uranium Mines. You have done nothing for them, some voted4U
Yeah why cant they pass repeal and replace obamacare bill?
In all of the years you were in senate why didn't you do something about VA?  And you wanted to be President.
I hope the senate can do a better job on tax reform than health care
So why don't you use the VA Mr War Hero?
Did you go to the VA hospital for ur surgery?
Still work to do to update C&P. 0-100% increments, CPI as determination for COLA increases are outdated & unfair. Living on welfare level!
You are a traitor. Are you going to make a statement for North Korea like you did for Vietnam? Liar
Now on to #ForeverGIBill. Give them a push sir!
Figured this is from the twitter staffer but send some love to him heard he did some chemo so we will pray for him
How about you actually help the president fix the VA instead of trying to find a work around! Vets die in your state every day RINO!
You got what you wanted, but screwed the hard working people by not helping us, by repealing. You load of garbage!

The choice program sent me to the ghetto of Houston where my truck was broken in to!
Don't talk about helping vets when you screw the rest of America! As a vet I am disgusted by you!
Sir, the executive branch is in serious trouble. Please do what you can to help rectify the situation.
You lied and let your hate for trump betray your party and your voters. You ran on repeal and you voted against it, sad!
How many veterans bills have you voted against?
let's continue to make sure all Americans have access to great medical care!
Go away please
Hope treatment is going well.
Sidebar: what has happened 2 the Institutional Standards of the office of the American Presidency & @GOP? https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/892530493371101184 … StressTest
To repeat: the Boy Scouts say this call, described in detail by the president of the United States, did not happen. https://twitter.com/ddale8/status/892479248140832768 …

How about the Russian sanctions bill???
Thanks TRUMP!  See how it works McCain?!
Not having special insurance for the politicians.
Because it's going SO well. 
It should be the same care that YOU get . You should have the same insurance that we the people have. That's what America is about.
Care for everyone
You warmongering old lying Soros puppet. Why didn't you vote to repeal Obamacare like you campaigned on?
How is the healthcare vote coming ?
Traitors should only think about Repealing ACA.  You had 2 chances.  Sadly, you will always be remembered for this.  You ruined your Legacy.
Obamacare for you. You are so disconnected.
You're The Man, Senator
That's great!

What is going on with the bill for Russian Sanctions?
GET RID OF THIS DISASTEROUS PRESIDENCY!!! HE IS DESTROYING THE PARTY!!! VOTED FOR BUSH BUT CAN NEVER VOTE REPUB AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
Veterans need our system repaired, with MDs who understand our unique diagnoses due to service, not MDs who see us for inflated payment
If you cared about Healthcare,  you would have voted to repeal Obamacare.   My TriCare was destroyed by the ACA.  My wife and kids cant go
John McCain. Guarantees the VAs will be full for years to come. Warmonger!
Why didn't you get this done 10 yrs ago when it wasn't popular
Now they can wait 6 months closer to home while you get the best possible care immediately.
Really songbird,  you are a traitor,  glad for nothing except how you can screw the country. Piece of . #wetstart
Maybe you should use it
When is Trump going to sign the Russian Sanctions bill, which has been on his desk since Friday - what happened to "pen in hand"?
Why did you lie to the people when you said you wanted to repeal obamacare?
You Suck!
Govt takes care of their own.....
It's the individual citizens who are hurt by bad laws.
What good is the choice program when pain mgt through choice can't RX narcotics for pain.
Wishing you the best! Still thinking about your impact in DC last week. Thank you so much!
Sure, that's great but when will veterans in NH actually be able to participate?!
You do realize that President @realDonaldTrump has been a veterans advocate. And you can't support health care? Do you have Obamacare? NO!
Me too just wish YOU had our back on Obamacare, not all of us have VA benefits, some actual pay big time w/hugh deductibles. 
Keep taking you medication John. Seeing the pit of hell yet?  If not you should no one warrants it more than you. We know the truth John
Yes now do your job and impeach Trump. Please save this country!
Impeach him for what? Beating killary
You should use the VA. You stuck America with ACH out of a Spiteful FY w/Trump.  It's all about you, war hero capturee. You and that temper.
Our Nation must demonstrate our gratitude
to all VETS for their service!
As well as compassion and empathy for
VETS unique challenges!
Too bad about healthcare though

Why hasn't Trump signed the sanctions bill
5 days and counting

A cyber attack is an act of war
Inaction is complicit
#GOP #MAGA #Resist
Thank God!!  That amazing program is helping my husband immensely and I don't know what we would do without them!
And thank you for working to preserve health care for all of us. #ProtectOurCare
Sen. McCain, please get your party to stand up to #45. he is stalling on the sanction bill and running the country into the ground.
Just be quiet John McCain.
Should retire
Brilliant
Hello to the only Man in the United States Congress. Only one Man took a stand against an evil bill that would have hurt millions. Two women
Civilian health care is convoluted and messy often taking 3 or more appointments to do what VA does in a day. 2of3
Sen McCain you have a lot going on, but could you make sure Trump signs that Russian Sanctions bill before recess? Thank you,America
Hey Senator, who are you going to get to pardon your betrayal of AZ voters?  Hmmmm?
RETIRE....YOU'RE A RINO AND ARE USELESS... YOU BLOW A LOT OF WIND BUT NO ACTION
Retire now
We don't believe one damn word that comes out of your mouth. Why should we? Are U refunding people's donations you lied to? Remember this?
Vets should b at the front of the line!
Why has this taken so long?
failed presidential candidate Flying to senate after your fake surgery Unforgivable President Trump made America great again
@SenJohnMcCain surgery was not fake and you insult anyone who has had cancer and that would be my mother my mother in law and my husband
I had leukemia for 4 years spent 2 weeks at hospital with chemo 24 hours a day for a week/ penicillin a week 24 hours
Hope you're doing well.  Take care 
Or all tax payers fucko
Awesome. Thankyou, Sir.

How's it going John?  Thinking about you, get rest.
shame on you!
I'm very worried about threats to privatize the VA. Are you against this, Senator?
The VA will not be privatize they've said it in Congress
yea i bet you are.

STILL alive?

You were forced to your knees by the leftists in Vietnam. 

And you willingly fell to your knees for the leftists in the US.

#Consistency
