a cobra once bit John McCain's eyebrow. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died. 
@BenSasse 
Retire Senator.  Letting AZ down. #KeepYourPromise
7 GOP Senators voting "No" - Capito WV, Heller NV, Collins ME,  McCain AZ,  Portman OH,  Alexander TN, Murkowski AK
How can you want to take healthcare from so many? Are you part of the what....12% who want this disaster?
For being the "truth tweeter" - it's just your opinion, nothing more than that.
Your "proof" just identified why we need some regulation, see the increases before ACA......outside your one point?
WHAT?? We did NOT have capitalism BEFORE ACA?  That's it.....no more back and forth.  I think you need to get out some books & read..
Likes love each other
It will be over soon - there is no cure for a glioblastoma - our family knows this as fact.....
Right
Is the snake the one on the left?
Yes he's a TRAITOR
Oh God. This us too much to handle. Two traitor, NeverTrumpers in one pic. Disgusting.
Whatever what a waste of asnake then again the wrong snake died TRAITOR
you are the snake
Cobra bit a traitor and any Chuck Norris phrase does`nt work on traitors
Let that be a lesson to the other snakes around the Maverick!
YOU are the snake! TRAITOR!, #MccainSucks #FireMccain
Hey my deductible is 10000, what's yours ? The Mayo Clinic huh, my sister is dying of terminal cancer right now. She can't go to the Mayo CL
Shes 55. Won't do a thing for her....All you politicians make me sick. You get the best treatment and Americans get to die. Resign, useless
Birds of a feather...All the bad guys like each other.
Imagine living with your snarky ass all day.  So immature and anxious.
How true. The king of snakes would always win that fight.
So where did you get the dossier, senator?
He sent an assistant to meet someone in Germany or in Europe somewhere. It was brought back to him and he gave it to Comey!
So the story goes. We'll see.
Thank you Sen. Sasse!
@BenSasse neither did Americans with you in ofc
Did the snake venom cause you to grandstand and then vote yes on that soul crushing amendment.
He voted in agreement to a debate which they shoulD be doing anyway, talking! Communicating, listening, moving forward, nothing more.
Pity Barry Hussein  Sotero didn't take that approach
Because Poison 4 American Citizens runs in his veins, bitter n hateful McCain
Nice medical plan he must have ..screwed VETS n USA  obamacare
Something two snakes should have first hand knowledge of...
Different outcome when my foot is up his ass.
you don't stand a chance.  this is how you will be remembered, unless you make use of your limited time, to repent.  https://unitedresistance911.wordpress.com 
TRAITOR Of THE American People
One snake biting another, imagine that
Wrong snake died
Bravo to your vote!  Please hold the dam for American people!  Take care and pray for the speedy recovery.
Neither  stands a chance!
True
What good is "skinny repeal" if I still cannot buy whatever plan I want? Why does @SenJohnMcCain have to approve my health plan?
Sen. McCain, how many Americans on Obamacare can pay a Mayo Clinic deposit? Oh--you don't care.

Someone got to him as he was for full Repeal & Replace #ObamaCare 
Did he get paid off  #DrainTheRhinoSwamp 

Why did McCain vote no on Obamacare repeal? George Soros is a massive donor to his foundation:

Read and RT!

…
Well now we know that snake was a metaphor for ACA repeal--a snake that never stood a chance. Next is to fix the ACA; Regular Order. Best 2U
Losers
Im wondering why you didn't go to the VA for your cancer treatment
McCain has the best insurance our money can buy.
Yep mccain is a snake and so are you!!
Cobras eat other snakes!!
Die
Not Surprising... He's been poisoning the RNC and the country for years. #MAGA
One more powerful is the Father. Get right with Him while you can.
I hear Hell is a Dry Heat.
#Cancer 
glioblastoma median survival is about 14.6 months. One month down.
Tick Tock
Yes, most snakes are immune to venom from other snakes!
Is McCain the pretty snake that bites his savior in Trump's snake poem? His vote proves it. #wolfinsheepsclothing
Speaking of snake, How is your father feeling today?
Would just like you and your senate buddies to REPEAL obama care. Please listen!!!
Fuck John McCain! Less than a year ago he was rallying against ObamaCare. What changed?
#killthatcobra
The snake lives.
Long life and God bless you
Your own venom was stronger than the snake's. Not surprising.
You're a Taliban in the GOP. You only flew into D.C. to put a stamp on your legacy as a Maverick. 
@ Traitorous snakes. The R's beside their names IS A LIE. Their legacy will be treason.
The cobra died from liberalizm
The real face of evil

Good one sir and thank you for your vote last night! Please work with your democratic colleagues to make health care better for all!
I Love you John McCain. I called your office on a separate matter. They were prompt courteous and helpful. Praying for you and your family
Ben Sasse looks so gay.
You're the snake, Senator. #ObamaCare
You are the snake @SenJohnMcCain . A tired old man bitter over his losses to the POTUS and a shame to your own party. Retire. Go away. Liar.
Trannies are deeply mentally by definition. You are an old fool and traitor; many times over. #SongBird McCain
He probably killed himself Because he couldn't get the taste out of his mouth.
Oh pretty sure it filled u with a toxic venom that we the people are now paying for. Thanks for nothing!
Keep up the good fight Senator McCain-America needs you-America needs a hero 
speaking of snakes...
Sad that the real snake bit America last night. Maybe you and Dad can find a home with former GOP Scarborough. #grandstander
Neither did your fellow prisoners in Hanoi when you ratted them out.
No senator Sasser it was 2 snakes in the grass and in reality it didn't matter which snake won or lost. A snake is a snake.
@McCain is the snake. #Rinos
Turns out he was the snake
Hey Republicans now that he saved American lives can he go home and get some rest.
You are the snake.
Neither did the Americans who voted for him, trusting he'd REPEAL Obamacare.
#OnceATraitorAlwaysATraitor
#LanceSijan didn't have advantage of admiral father connections. Ended up in Hanoi prison, tortured, he didn't #songbird on his friends.
suck the poison out!!!
well no!!! elitests get Great healthcare then suck on effemas tip.
Takes a snake to know a snake!
EVEN THE DEVIL CAN TRANSFORM HIMSELF INTO AN ANGEL OF LIGHT. DATA...BY THE CONTRADICTING DEVIL HIMSELF...SAURON THE FOOT IN MOUTH!
LTHE DEVIL'S LIES CONTRADICTS ITSELF EVERY WHERE HE TURNS. EVEN THE DEVIL CAN TRANSFORM HIMSELF INTO AN ANGEL OF LIGHT. DATA...BY THE
COR. THE TRUTH IS LIKE LIGHT SHATERRING DARKNESS. THE DEVIL'S LIES CONTRADICTS ITSELF EVERY WHERE HE TURNS. EVEN THE DEVIL CAN TRANSFORM
GET HUNG BY HIS VERY OWN ROPE WHICH HE TRIED TO USED TO HANG OTHER PPL WITH. & EAT HIS OWN WORDS! COR. THE TRUTH IS LIKE LIGHT SHATERRING
LET THE "SERPENT" CHOKE ON HIS OWN FILTH & DIE BY HIS OWN SWORD. & GET HUNG BY HIS VERY OWN ROPE WHICH HE TRIED TO USED TO HANG OTHER PPL
RESIGN!!!!
Teddy is waiting on u, some distant day. Look him in the eye & say "Old friend, I stood with you on healthcare and voted the dang bill down"
soooooong bird... soooooong bird.... soooooong bird.....
Joke all you want... You let down about healthcare!!!
Good thing you had the govt healthcare you're trying to deprive others of!!!
was it allergic to Bullshit?  Its time to stop being a professional Hero and go back to being a real hero..

Feel sorry for the Cobra....
the human snake lived to destroy America like Hilary, n Obama...
Speaking of spineless creatures.....#lookinthemirror
Glad to see you up and about.  Loved the way you spoke to congress.  Now keep republicans from trying to pass unilateral legislation.
Senator, we need to move forward on replacing O Care! Just voting to debate isn't enough, nd to repeal n replace.
snake never stood a chance people never stood a chance with U & R #healthcare U R failing at ur job #repeal no 2 single payer #SkinnyRepeal
@BenSasse Two of the most grandstanding, showboating, backstabbing.@GOP traitors in Senate. #FusionGPS #Unmasking is ur 
because you're the one filled with venom.
The snake didn't have healthcare... 

2 virulent never trump Ben Sissy & Juan McCain 
Partisan hack fraud
That is a terrible thing to say. Apologize
What about your butt buddy John McCain, who voted against repeal of aca? You're a little silent on this. I wish him the best but he's a Lib
Senator McCain how do you think your treatment would be with Trumpcare
Must see TV, Mooch's CNN interview. Mooch literally played character of a NY Italian syndicate Capo. Cant make this stuff up. Watch it.
Don't bankrupt families!
GOP health-care bill - millions of Americans will be in dire financial straits,
You Sir are the toughest guy I've ever seen!! Many Prayers!
Great American and a hero. Lousy Politician.
Our family sends love @SenJohnMcCain ... My morning started with a prayer for you and your fam... This snake doesn't stand a chance either!
S snake recognises a snake So you left ur treatment  provided by tax payers flight expenses provided by tax payers to vote against Obama
Healthcare which will take away health care from millions of Americans. Nice. Very very nice. Should have stayed in bed
McCain need to retire. He is an asshole. If not for daddy he would have been court-martialed when in the Navy. He is no Hero.
I hope u enjoyed selling ur soul to Satan u will be in hell one day.
I'm sure glad cancer isnt contagious. I wouldn't want that snake to go through that
That snake was a true patriot.
Жалко, что ты выжил!
Thank you for standing with the President on  coming together to debate health care.  What we don't want is socialized healthcare.
Plenty more snakes in your caucus.
The greatest USA senator at this time
Love from Ukraine
Yet here u are.
Go, John, go! Ever the maverick, thank God!
Traitorous blood will do that.
Whatever. Lost all respect for you.
Is being that toxic something to brag about. Quarantine him and all his mates for the sake of us all
Why allow a snake to be president then? Is it ok as long as it's only minorities and the vulnerable getting hurt?
Sasse& McCain both need 2 leave us alone- im so disgusted we are ruled over - time 4 revolution
We the people decide not 2 jackasses
You vote for clean repeal when you knew your pal Obama would veto. Now you have lied to your constituents who had >100% prem. inc. last yr!
Congrats , your legacy will be remembered as someone hated by both the GOP and the Dems. You tried to please MSM & Dems, but u failed every1
Remember when you exposed national secrets to Russian pranksters? And bashed our president?
I am tired of subsidizing gold-plated healthcare for do nothing members of Congress who cannot keep their promises! #FullRepeal of Obamacare
Your father is going to have the best care and his attitude toward everyone else is drop dead! "Skinny repeal" is the best I can do
The people of AZ are suffering under Obamacare and your father does not even remember his pledge to repeal it!
Time for your father to retire and focus on his health!
I wish you health and recovery.  I also wish you'd vote ethically to protect American lives.  I don't understand you.  I'm not sure I like u
This is worth a mention as well!
So sorry but that's where his recent health crisis hit him. Right above left eye!
You mentioned a snake I thought you meant McCain, and I am a real conservative.
Please vote no on the skinny repeal. Please!!!!!!
It is clear that any serious attempt to improve our health care system must begin with a full repeal and replacement of Obamacare

You, 2015
So what changed between 2015 and today, you RINO piece of shit? You were happy to vote for it when Obama was certain to veto, but not now?
you're incredible! #Ukraine is in debt to you. you'll beat that thing and we'll keep fighting against #Putler's tyranny
thanks to your free healthcare
Wonder if he had Obamacare oh no that's right they have real healthcare
Well here's the thing John McCain earned his healthcare just as my husband did serving 31 yrs in the Navy :) its incurable so ?? F~Off
So did the vets left dying at the VA my comment was mainly as members of congress they should use same insurance we do and we pay for theirs
If it was Anyone else I'd agree .. but a Vet with an incurable cancer .. he gets a pass. Mine used the VA got great care ? Not every VA bad
How many other vets do you think are incurable? Wouldn't they be entitled to that same pass? And arent!
Your fussing about someone who won't be using either the VA or private care .. many vets didn't even get a chance to use VA .. he's dying
So what would make you happy? That he die without pain meds .? What good is care if your a dead man walking? He deserves respect not insults
He had surgery what pain meds?
