My Latest--> Do I even know you anymore? https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/what-are-you-guys-doing-booing-john-mccain/2017/09/28/c27ca7dc-a477-11e7-ade1-76d061d56efa_story.html?tid=pm_pop_b&utm_term=.d02c5503cf2a …
@washingtonpost I don't think McCain has a heart.
I'll bet his buddies who watched him take beatings for 5 yrs & refuse to leave their side would disagree with you.

@SenJohnMcCain thanks for being a true hero and putting country before party! I voted @BarackObama and dont regret but respect u eternally!
Sorry Senator... Trump is your byproduct as well...
Didn’t alway agree with you, but highly respect you for not allowing this bad HC plan to move forward just so your party can say “repealed”
#SupportKurdistan
@washingtonpost Sen McCain, I have not always agreed with you but as a military vet I have great respect for you.
Mr. McCain. I often disagree with your political views. However, I have always admired your courage and loyalty. Thanks
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for maintaining your courage and honor in an ugly time. You have our prayers and our gratitude.
God Bless you @SenJohnMcCain America loves you!! Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
John McCain turned liberal.  Arizonans don't want him anymore.  He has betrayed us.
you are a paid democrat that wants to see the president fail at all costs to the american people. rem. what you campaigned on a/get to work.
Do you even remember when you first sold out the Republican party?
Thank you for what you are doing for the people of the U.S. You are a hero! I'm also a Democrat! Keep fighting the fight!
You"refused to return home until the enemy released every one of[your]buddies in the prison camp."-I like those who leave their buds behind.
I may not agree with everything you say Mr McCain - but I totally respect you! And I thank you for ALL your service to our country! Fight!
Exactly! This is a man of honor, integrity and a true hero!  This is how politics should be! #imademocrat
Since you don't know what is in the files, you don't know anything either. Stop this slander.
@washingtonpost pull McCain's chair positions and all his legislative efforts from the floor.
You are a beacon for all that is good in America. Thanks for shining a light during these dark and troublesome times.
He didn't have many kind words of support for you in '08.

Of course you LOVE the blow hard fake news Joe
.@SenJohnMcCain You are one tough hombre Senator.  Kennedy Democrat for years.
Have watched you in Senate and am proud of your vote on #ACA.  #Trump could not
#shineYourShoes. #McCain #MyHero.  #ThankYou
I am so proud of you. You just keep being an American. 
Senator McCain, you deserve more than kind words. You deserve the respect. You are an American Hero looking out for your country.
Senator I hope you use your power to help USA in spite of the side of the aisle you sit on.
@washingtonpost the only thing you crave is love from the media, and the power you hold
@SenJohnMcCain I am a lifelong Dem but my family and I have always thought u were a man of honor. You are a true hero. Godspeed dear man
What does it say that the only kind words of support you have left are from the Left Senator?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
John McCain is one of the very few Republicans in Congress with intelligence, principles and courage ... Trump completely lacks all three

BREAKING: “We are dying here … we are going to see something close to a genocide" if we don't get more help, San Juan mayor says. 
Those booing superiors at Illegit Sociopth Old @POTUS pigs stupid raly-like Trump  aren't southern-they're not even men-Just Unmanly Garbage
Health care CHIP for children expires today. Please get Congress to act
RINO's stick together.
#hero
Thank you for your service to our Republic Mr. McCain. The GOP may have completely gone to Hell, but you have remained true to our Republic

Know that America sends you love and prayers, even lefties like myself.Thank you for your service, both military and congressional!God bless
I promise John you will receive nothing but the best I have to offer. I wish we could talk my wife had glioblastoma multiforme. Eyes Opened.
Having compassion and wanting to do due diligence on legislation should be an AMERICAN value, neither conservative nor liberal. McCain=Ameri
+m8#
Your support is from your commie left
Talking about honor, what is honorable about repeatedly making a promise to supporters only to reject your promise over and over again?
Vengeance is No way to be a senator.but I do wish you well on your health.
You are a true American hero, sir
We (libs, dems, whatever...) know good people who put country first.
And we appreciate you and service @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you for your patriotism and sacrifice.@MeghanMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain you are a true hero in every sense of the word @JoeNBC thanks for trying to make some sense of the crazy world of DC politics
(2) okay but we want them to be okay too they're Americans!! HELP THEM NOW!!!  DEPLOY MILITARY IN THE 10'S OF THOUSANDS NOT 5!!!!
Hey Mr. Patriot, we need you to get your ass in gear here & get some damn help to Puerto Rico?? OKAY we're glad you're
RINO John. Please resign. Cornville is calling.
I know a true patriot when I see one.  You sir are a true example of the aforementioned.
Well, if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck........
Dear Senator, u r a true Anerican and our hero. God bless u and keep u. When u need 2 stop the fight, ur courage & dignity will carry u.
What a joke on McCain these people dispise Republicans they're kissing his ass because he's a dead man walking and he hates Trump
good article..Always proud of John McCain.
You are the kind of man that I want my 18 year old boy to be. And I'm as blue as they come. Thank you for your service!
Well deserved Senator McCain.  You are a true hero and beloved by our country.
Spot on!  Thank you for your service both in the military and government @SenJohnMcCain !
Senator McCain - My prayers are with you/family.
Ditto, on the I may not always agree with you, but you are a stand up guy,
Y’all are like two peas in a pod huh
@SenJohnMcCain stands for what's right. Country over party! You'll be revered in the history books as the hero you ALWAYS WERE & ARE!
Senator your a true hero like Michelle Obama would  say when they go low  Don't dignify what trump ever says  our prayers are with you
Senator McCain-a man of honor.
We need about 535 of you
No one doubts @SenJohnMcCain s Heroism. BUT vote in line with the Republican Party. That's why they boo. TaxCuts do it for us not for trump!
Read this. He's right.
Thanks again senator McCain your a hero to me and our country all the best wishes for you sir
Sending healthy healing thoughts and prayers, Sen. McCain!! To your family too as they help you through your illness. 
SenJohnMcCain THANK YOU for your service! Abs protecting this disable 52 year old who worked since he was 18, u saved my ACA! Thank u!!
Go home senator. It's time.
You kick ass, JMc. Get well soon, and thank you for your service, from an appreciative liberal in Tennessee. 
This is an amazing story!!
Appreciate you and all you've done and continue to do for our country!
Who are you #RINO
Just do what you do! .... Friendly Dem. Just be a good American ; it is about the process!!!!!
Dude, really?
Get a room !!
I rarely agree with @SenJohnMcCain politically, but I wish and hope that he makes a full recovery so I can disagree with him awhile longer.
John, you are in my thoughts and prayers! 
You are a true statesman-Country first
Wishing you wellness.
John just a heads up.  Had you supported anything Trump was doing or tried to do he would have turned on you like a rattlesnake.
Or turn on you like a McCain..
Proud of you, Sir!
An exceptional American all the way
I'm a D and had ambiguous ideas about u thru the yrs,even thought of voting 4 u ONCE. U are a politician. Other than that, a gd human being.
I vote Dem (mostly) but it doesnt matter-you are a war hero who deserves respect. Thank you for your service, grace & character. Get well!
Senator McCain I can speak for myself and Legion Post mostly Democrats and we feel the same, we thank-you for your service
Love you, John! You're an American hero!
Scarborough is 100% right.
I'm glad somebody finally said it.
Love u Senator McCain
Senator McCain..god bless you sir. Thank you for your service to our nation. Hope your life and our nation is happy & blessed.
I hope you're doing well, John. Ignore the asshole at that top.
We are all wishing you the best John McCain. You took a stand when it mattered and that will not be forgotten. Prayers are with you.

More people than you know support you Senator!
Senator if you up Great Americans. Your picture would be there with Washington
Those are ur peeps, liberal John!
From one democrat to another
John, I appreciate you voting against repeal, even though you campaign for it & I can’t afford healthcare next year.
God bless John McCain!
Left wing Joe and Mika finally do something right and honorable.

Yes the liberals love you John.... please retire
No words to express this nation's gratitude to and respect for Sen. McCain.
I may be a nobody to you but it burns me to the core that these republican frauds support trump & boo mccain. It augurs badly for America
You suck
Hoping the best for you
How are you senator McCain?
You deserve even more
Be careful some of the idiots tweeting about McCain may be Russian operatives trying to divide us
Senator, please don't etc down the 9 million poor kids in America who depend on CHIP for their healthcare. They deserve your support.
Lucky enough to have watched it live.  I thought it was the best and truest statement I've heard on tv in a very long time
We support you!
@SenJohnMcCain  what Exchange do you belong to
McCain has long since spent his war hero capital. He's now being judged on the last 10 years in office. He's earned every criticism he gets
2 rino's walk into a bar...
Sir this time around you could be POTUS. Don't hesitate to announce your candidacy during the GOP primaries. I know, unusual.
Senator even many of progressive Democrats  wish u well n respect the shit out of you. Your place in history is solid! Thank you!!!!!
You have lost your self
Go John Go.
Ofcousre your ego loved to be flattered, even by people who hate you. Come on tumor, we need Obamacare repealed.
thank you for your service and Honour you show #Americans. feel for you and your family , we must all pull together in the fight of #Cancer
Your generosity of spirit is an inspiration to all Americans. God Bless our American hero. Stay strong. @SenJohnMcCain 
Appreciate you claiming for years we must repeal Obamacare and then refusing to do so when it came time to act...twice.  You lied, Senator
As a life long democrat I have always admired your heroism and appreciated your efforts at serving all in this country. Thank you
Respect... #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry
We love you John McCain! Americans love you, thanks.
Great article
Two cowards working against the presiddnt' No surprise at all
Wasn't giving you kind words when you were campaigning against Obama, like many of the libtards that supposedly love you now
Boy you keep showing us your true colors..U may have fooled us with your lie,But Karma is knocking on yr door.FAKE REPUBLICAN
Sane Senses The both of you
You deserve each other -- Mr. 894!
From one Liberal Democrat to another.
I am a Democrat who prays for you every night! You are an inspiration to us all, both parties....God bless you!
Please retire.
I do too!
You are a patriot of epic proportions and a man of principle.  This Democrat firmly appreciates your work.  Best of luck
I am as Liberal as they come. You Sir, will always be a Hero to me. Thank You for your service to America.
I’m sure you do, one leftist to another or quid pro quo?
Thank you Sen. McCain - you will always be America's hero.
¿PORQUE'EL SENADOR MAC CAIN
NO SE EXPRESA EN REPUDIAR A
LOS QUE SE ARRODILLAN ANTE
NUESTRO HIMNO Y BANDERA
The world is full with the good The Bad and ugly you have to pick which one you want to be in
Here's a kind word for you . Traitor from the beginning. Was pardon by Nixon for treason. Let that sink in people.
The country would love to see you in oval office instead of @realDonaldTrump
John McCain stand-up leader I love you and I support you get well John McCain praying for you
don't you remember Joe demeaning you when you ran for President?  He only likes you when you are screwing the Republicans.
WOW! What a fantastic article. Thank you Joe. Why are all the Trump supporters so blind to this lying divisive egomaniac. @realDonaldTrump
God bless you and your family for the good to humanity. I do like war but everything man who put on uniform to protect is a hero.
Bless you, John McCain
John may suck up to u but I won't. Just because he served honorably in Vietnam does not mean we cannot boo his deplorable Senate service.
From McCain-Feingold, to tobacco suits, to tax policy, to his treason on OCare -- he works to undermine our liberty. His illness no excuse.
As a liberal, you have my respect and thanks. We dont agree on a lot of policy, but we agree on integrity. That matters more than ever.
Boo! Lacking integrity! #morningjoe.. I mean #morningjoke
You and Joe are probably two of the most "normal" Republicans I know right now.
Seems many have lost their bearings.  Love Sen Collins also.  You are in my prayers
.@SenJohnMcCain
Senator do not think it is time to Impeach are President and his staff
How is the debate and bi-partisan talks going on new health care Senator?
We're pulling for you Senator.
Back in January, I said you would leave the senate a hero- I was right. You are appreciated
i wish n pray that u recover quickly and fully. but ill never vote for u again for stabbing americans in the back by not repealing obamacare--a massive spending welfare program, a failed experiment in socialism, which we cannot afford.
You ARE A GREAT AMERICAN! I AM GRATEFUL FOR YOUR CONTINUED LEADERSHIP. THANK YOU
Great article.  Only wish we had more like you Sen. McCain on both sides of the aisle.
@Morning_Joe @JoeNBC we would appreciate you fixing the healthcare. Yr good at voting NO but you offer no solution shameful!
Best wishes, Senator, from my family to yours.
Keep doing the right thing Sen. McCain 
#TrumpRussiaCollusion happened and you know that to be true
#ImpeachTrump
Every time Trump questions other people's patriotism, we must speak up: "Really, President Bone Spur?"
You deserve those kind words. Thanks for your service to the country.
You are a very good man John McCain ethical and moral I don't agree with republicans but I know a good man win I see one.
Joe's Words of Support are  NOT for You McCain they are purely Anti-Trump words.
We the people love you and are praying for u, John  McCain. Statesman and hero!
I couldn't love this article enough... it breaks my heart. McCain reminds me so much of my grandfather whom I  miss dearly.
Did you vote for McCain since you love him?
