Now, will we also make them pay taxes?
Really?!
Senator and Former Ambassador Power Please urge your Current and former Colleagues to Co Sponsor House Resolution 128 regarding #Ethiopia
Thank you Senator & Former Ambassador Power  US should use our Taxpayer's Money @usaidethiopia here at home to help our Homeless veterans
#Ethiopia  one of the TOP USAID Recepient INCLUDING intelligence and military training that's Being Misused to target Civilians #Oromo
Thanks so much for voting for anti-human rights Tillerson That was super helpful, Senator
Then stop sucking up to trump. Don't vote for his reckless policies. Fight to have an #independentinvestigation
You board I am
Gag, you are supporting a president taking rights & freedoms away from its citizens.
fbi picks the president in this country. Thats a police state.
Your support of the lunatic in the WH is beginning to make us just as bad as places that disrespect human rights
Then why do you keep voting for 45's agenda?
Thenc stop giving lip service to freedom while voting in favor of every single last autocratic authoritarian thing Trump does.
Agreed on US be shining beacon. So condemn Sec Ross appalling joke of syrian strike being after dinner entertainment.
If we are to be an exceptional country, we really need reforms.
Unfortunately you've become like every other politician in DC - only there to line your pockets & further your personal agenda
We'll be worse than everyone else if the GOP refuses to own a scandal at the highest level of our government.  The time for hiding is over.
Awwwe. McCain is so cute when he pretends to be principled.
Than start standing up to this illegitimate President! Don't be a hypocrite! Actions speak way louder than words and we have seen no action!
DT didn't win but he was elected, no fraud, and he has not violated the law yet, once he actually, i know McCain will fight him
Everything Donald Trump does is fraudulent.
IMO, Trump hasn't spoken out against dictators because his whole organized crime scheme is predicated on authoritarianism.
#HandsoffSyria
Hell yeah. Start some fires. Like you did on the forestal.
Welcome to OUR nightmare for the last 8 years. Do u kids even remember the last 8 yrs? After seeing the avg age of protesters, I doubt it.
You obviously are aware of what a joke this president is so actually stand up to him, these occasional sound bites are useless.
So stop supporting him. He's an illegitimate fascist put in power by Putin. Are you with the traitors, or against them? Very simple decision
Yes. Sen. McCain keep standing for what the US stands for!
@NefertitiVerita John, you are not like everybody else, you are exactly like every other hypocritical Republican.
Poseur.
You've squandered every opportunity to stand up to the people that are devaluing America's greatness.  #sorrynotsorry
Maybe you should stand for more than taking away protections, clean air/water & good healthcare.

All the @GOP is doing is hurting people.
Freedom & human rights lead to maturation of a nation & to give up those principles will only destroy the road to peace & equality on earth.
Once U started calling us STOOPID --U r out
So fricken show some #MaverickBackbone™ already.

Stop letting our country drift from Kakistocracy to outright 3rd world kleptocracy.
Shame!
Maybe you shouldn't have backed trump & tillerson? HYPOCRITE
Put your votes where you mouth is. Vote AGAINST him. Vote against repealing the ACA. Stand up for what is right.
Talk is cheap, actions speak volumes. It's time to act with confidence & conviction!
Then stop talking and do something about it.
@summerbrennan do something about it!
Lol you supported trump
.@SenMcCain do when do senators make so much off of lobbyists who want you to vote against environmental protections?
.@SenMcCain we haven't forgotten your work on PL 93-531. How much did Peabody pay you?  You are shameful!
DO

SOMETHING

THEN.
THEN STOP VOTING FOR TRUMP'S DUMB BILLS, JOHN
when Sam Pow is retweeting John McCain we have a dire problem. #sad
You will never be like anyone else Senator
You support dt so stop lying. It's beneath you. Shame on you. Respect lost
America First.
VOTE NO on Trumpcare OR GO HOME!!! You work for US.
It's clear that you take no pleasure in serving under the current regime. Do something about it. Lead the party.
#SenJohnMcCain #fakerepublican #RINO #youarepathetic #youaretheswamp #drainjohnmccain
Our desire to see US as champion of freedom & human rights is undermined by stories like this from Sessions hearing.
JMc is my kind of nationalist. 
And please stop this president from destroying Democracy. He loves dictators and idolizes them. This shud scare all amrricans
Chose women's health care please. Dems and Cons use these services. Have s heart senator
Then protect planned parenthood and the ACA it's the humane choice! @SenJohnMcCain
You see John you never really were a war hero;. You sold your soul a long time ago. _
I am a PLEB so not a Human say Government in the UK
You are foaming at the mouth over the possibility of a full scale war with Syria. We the people have spoken, we don't want your damn war.
Treasonous snake and con artist! Arming devils in Syria, devastating millions of lives while pretending to be a humanitarian at home.
Then please ask for his resignation. Please do something, not just tweet about it.
Senator still seems to be torn between choosing Country or Party when it comes to #HeWhoShallNotBeNamed clearly Unqualified. Maybe Unstable!
u r not like everybody else u r Rogue Satan Sinful Cynical &Lunatic. Genocidal like Satanic Zionist Talmudic Jewish Israel @realDonaldTrump

u r not like everybody else u r Rogue Satan Sinful Cynical &Lunatic. Genocidal like Satanic Zionist Talmudic Jewish Israel
U & ur demo crazy/democracy. "Invading Iraq was the kind of crime for which Nazi war criminals were hanged at Nuremberg." - Noam Chomsky
You are not like everyone else, John! You are the Poster Boy for #TermLimits
What a tasteless joke from McCain.
Thanks for selling Americans out. Don't like the answer just change the rules. Traitor!
You could also denounce Trump for a change.
Start at home. Protect the ACA take care of the poor. The rest can follow. Do something show some morals
he gives evil men compliments and nice names and fellow american (even republicans) derogatory nicknames. shows you where his soul is.
Because we care about everybody else, we are broke .our debt is out of control,.and our military is weak
  Enough!! Time to focus on U S
Do the words:Hiroshima,Nagasaki,Abu Gharib prison,Vietnam remind you of something!!
If you wanna be a liar, then at least have a good memory
So that's why you Republicans supported and stand by @realDonaldTrump   Way to go Senator McCain !
Then do something. Impeach the bat!
John McCain does not want to be like everyone else? Maybe he wants to be not human?
Yeah, the same Reagan who labeled Mandela as terrorist.
No worries. You're not like everyone else. You're a RINO.  Retire already. You're taking up space.
What righteous deluded thinking from an old white conservative dimwit, Johnny boy needs to be put out to pasture!
You don't have to worry FFace, your not like anybody else!! #Pureevil
Since when was he a backstabber?  He's always been evil as long as I've known.
Nice trolling McCain! 
Then take your happy ass to 1600 Penn. Ave and tell him to his face. Sound bites on cable news don't mean shit.
I'd rather lead by example than force others to do as I do. That creates resentment, and endless wars, obviously.
It is a well-known fact that you are the mastermind of groups like ISIS & other terrorists to destabilize the M. East. You are a war monger
Trump & his ignorant team don't act like they know what they're doing, but they do. Their main goal is to get more/all power in presidency!
You are right of course! Then why do you let dictator Trump continue? He would love to be a dictator! That's why he is against the media!
Thank you for these comments.  Please begin working on your fellow 'republicans' and bring them back to the GOP
Putin is a dictator and he's all Trumps friend not cool!
Then do something John!! Take this corrupt incompetent POTUS down!!
What a great American.
@POTUS is just another dictator over-riding our legal and administrative potentials.
he  reads too much of the Greek mythology stuff. McCain is Zeus. Sitting on the clouds looking to fix things as he sees below
#PeakBullshit
So, what are you going to do about this ignorant POTUS ? Something is really wrong with him !
Some maybe spoke out about them-a few did something about it-what was the track record the past 8 years-pretty bad I'd say-words no action
You are there representing the US, YOU do something!

Who cares what you want?
Waiting for the punch line.....
Country before Party sir.  Not all American people trust 45.  Don't be like everyone else (GOP)
@SenJohnMcCain You are a good talker and a bad voter
I hope you're huddling with @SpeakerRyan! Put up or...,due respect, of course!
Do better than that, Senator. You are right, so what will you do about it??  Stand up to that incompetent POTUS
US must stop bombing other nations that's all.
You are in no danger of being like anyone else. You're a piece of work in your own right - an honorary member of the (((tribe)))
Yeah, can you stop Trump inviting Dictators to the White House!
So many human rights violations at Standing Rock. We need water to survive.
That's nice..
John McCain. You are not like everyone else. You are a Traitor
He is challenging our democracy instead. Don't let that happen.
Of course the US must stand for freedom & Putin is already in the White House in the form of Trump. We need an independent investigation now
then don't VOTE like "everybody else" .... Easy peasy! #CountryOverParty
@DesertDissenter INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
Well said! I don't always agree with you Senator but on this issue I think you are spot on! 
Really nice guys you are backing in Ucraine !!  
Yeah, you backed this guy and his buddies. As you see , freedom and human rights are his specialities 
True. We should also stand for human rights WITHIN the US, so you should start standing up to Trump's regime of hate for immigrants/the poor
You need to find out what the hell is going on with Trump, Russia, Flynn .  Why are Trumps people meeting Russians, then lying about it ?
Please Senator McCain- this is urgent-we need to get to the bottom of this Russian daisy chain
Well then Senator what exactly are you doing to reign in Trump's outrageous behavior?
Saying you stand for human rights is laughable.. how. An you say that with a straight face.
Wake up please! Obama & the demos make us like every body else. You helped him. Make a change for the better. Help Trump now.
You mean like the slave trade that's going on in Libya, thanks to the U.S.?
Term limits
My message is simple: PLEASE SAVE US FROM THIS TYRANT AND HIS INTERNATIONAL DICTATOR FRIENDS.
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
#TermLimits 
YOU NEED TO GO MCCAIN
Tell me, Senator, how Clinton would be a catastrophe or disaster compared to Trump. You supported a wannabe dictator & inflicted him on us.
Unfortunately, many of us DO want to be like everyone else.  Maybe not on this subject specifically but on way too much.
Agreed. But "how" it's done, and the what is best to do, will be different nearly every time. YK
A deep state neocon and warmonger John McCain talks about human rights and freedom? This is a very cheesy F-Grade  joke.
You're an Obama brown noser & a friend to our enemies•You're untrustworthy 2both Dems/Repubs•A turncoat/treasonous youth~American sellout!
RUSSIA.
U DONT stand 4 human rights & freedm-always wantng 2 send troops 2 kill/be killed & meddle in other countries busines JST 2 LINE UR POCKETS
Have we removed the plank from our own eye before pointing at the splinters in others?  Self-serving sanctimony ought to be a clue.
Less & less of the population are falling for your propaganda to keep your perpetual wars going. Really want to stand for HR, look at Saudi
If Trump is not impeached,I see our country heading toward a dictatorship country.He seems drawn to dictators & feels honored to meet them
/\
#McCain You are one of the biggest liars & snakes in politics. You were exposed long ago. Anyone trusting you is a fool.
Ever wonder who else was colluding with this evil man? Who else was in that meeting to make these events happen? Truth will prevail. 4
Why don't you sit down and shut up?
The current administration and GOP long gave up caring about us. So heartbroken as to what we've become
Zionist faithful only to Israel uses US taxpayers money to support Israel & it's Middle Eastern Plan of using terrorism to divide & conquer
That’s why you’ve never been voted President. You don’t have the balls. I don’t know why I vote Republican when you don’t vote like one!
America has to understand that not everyone wants to be American. This has always been its problem
Why don't you Senator McCain GET behind the President instead of acting like a Democrat.
The fact that you have yet to actually take a stand against your party means that you do in fact want to be just like everybody else.
Then impeach the idiot in the WH for he's destroying America
Human rights? WOW. No they thieve our ideas
Start standing behind our president or just become a damn Democrat
That has to be one of the funniest things you've ever said, you seem to live in a state of complete delusion!
This is NOT what George Washington intended for the republic. read your American history.
I wish you where our president
Who said Trump was going to take rights away?
What about taking payments from Hillary Clinton? Was that for freedom, human rights or lining your pockets you corrupt RINO!
I agree senator then you should be calling out Trump for holding up tyrants as a good examples of leadership. That's not our country.
You talk a great game Sen. But then you go and vote the party line most of the time.
Retire!
Well said. Everybody came to America precisely for those reasons. TY
You sound confusing if you want the US to be a differentworldyou should be pushing impeachment you making to manyaccusesfor@realDonaldTrump
