You said you would vote against Obama Care and you didn't keep your word. Shameful!
I thank Senator McCain for having the courage of his convictions and protecting coverage for sixteen million Americans
If your party caves on this crappy "skinny" healthcare bill, it will be DEVASTATING to Vets and their families.
He cares more about denying @POTUS a win tonight.  A yes vote would have been a win for all Americans, but @SenJohnMcCain is establishment.
I'll take it!
Good morning, deepest simply for your cancer, preexisting is killing my young friend, her life is loss she can’t afford the drug to save her

Hurrah #NDAA...thank you @RandPaul !!  Up yours turncoat Mccain
@realDonaldTrump Donald must be pissed at you. He didn't invite you to golf with him and his buddies at Mar-A-Largo 
Want 2 support decision 2 deny transgender surgery 4 enlisted.  This should not B a taxpayer expense; M2F 141K, F2M 125K, HRT 1,500yr 4 life
You are such an embarrassment to this country smear-campaign McStain.
you don't care about the military if you did you would give them a decent raise and get them off of food stamps.2.3 percent is nothing
Our military budget is larger than the next ten countries combined. What needs to be 'rebuilt'?!? Warmonger gibberish! Go home & rest please
You stand with them not vets. Just like your VA in your own state, you fail
You are a liar, you said you would repeal Obamacare, and voted in 2015 to do just that.  You make me sick.  Heroes don't lie!
I hope not- no one believes a word you say now...
Sure give the military all of the money. We don't need no stinking healthcare.
U have no right to speak out on behalf of the millitary. Your father would be ashamed of you.  He was a REAL American hero.
I don't care time to vote out all Rinos and anti Trump congressmen and senators.
So you say you support it?  But you've lied again and again about what you support so who's dumb enough to believe you?
Starts as a war hero... ends as a traitor to his country. Your legacy is garbage now. You're nothing.
The skinny repeal is a con that will likely lead to full repeal.
You voted against pay raises for our military??!!!!
No prejudice for sexual preference, but this expense  does not belong to taxpayers.  Let them join before or after, not because!
U voted 2 keep the ACA & now u want us to rebuild the military too? How more money do want the US taxpayers 2 spend?
Rebuild our military? It's the largest funded military in the world?! What are U talking about? Rebuild our crumbling infrastructure
Repeal & Replace! Now!
Thank you sir!
Don't want anything from you anymore. Retire.
Don't believe this old man!
How come you weren't talking about how you were going to screw conservatives later in the evening with regard to a healthcare fix. 49-51 sad
Do the right thing John. Vote No on the Skimpy Healthcare Bill
https://www.acscan.org/releases/so-called- …“skinny”-repeal-could-have-significant-consequence-cancer-patients-and-survivors
Why would you vote for a bill that tha American Cancer Assoc states will threaten the lives of cancer patients and survivors?
Why would you vote for a healthcare bill opposed by the AARP?  http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/politics/advocacy/2017/07/letter-on-senate-repeal-bill-final-july-2017-aarp.pdf …
Why would you vote for a healthcare bill that the AMA calls toxic?
Why are you supporting a healthcare bill that could result in the collapse of healthcare. You are gambling with 16 million lives.
You really should retire
Full REPEAL ObummerCrap and reverse social engineering of our military!
Great to here - make our military strong again & get the respect it deserves.  Hopefully, President Trump sees the light & Backs NATO 100%!
I can't believe you trotted out that old lie that everyone but republicans seem to know is bullshite, sir.
He got rare cancer that treatments were experimental, so Ins refused 2pay,he died from comp&I had 2file bankruptacy& we were upper middleC
Shame on you-getting great cancer care and voting to strip it from the old,kids,and poor?Your hateful true colors are showing you coward.
Supper wealthy is small %, the way gop are acting most of us can't be part of GOP. My late husband had a great job &great insurance
Hospitals have 2treat people, we can't have local hospitals 2be holding the bag, there a lot more people who are middle class &poor

John McCain says a commitment from the House that a skinny repeal would go to conference is NOT enough for him
Emergencies rooms were served as reg Dr offices, if tax payers have 2pay, lets pay less than more. WE are civilized nation.
Working in the hospital, I see what was done before AHC, hospitals had 2be dependent on government anyway, so they don't close.
In my state exchanges worked great, problem that healthcare has problems that causes problems fix it, show that you care.Include DEM
Speak with hospital adm,AARP. Stop this political nightmare.No healthcare first comes out w/t problem, build on foundation, don't tear it up

Graham, Johnson, Cassidy & McCain want "assurance" skinny bill will go to conference. Here's why that's worthless. http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/skinny-repeal-mark-meadows-senate-house … 
Do the right thing, state of MA had 2fix their healthcare after it came out, they didn't repeal it. Stop this nightmare. Speak2DR'assc
But only the straight ones, huh?
John fix, don't repeal. The name is AHC, not Obama care, I don't know why GOP so stubborn,I am moderate independent.I don't care about name
Sen McCain feels no sense of urgency for fixing the Obama Care debacle...He's pretty HAPPY with HIS coverage...
Your vote for the "skinny" healthcare bill will be a disaster. Do you not even care anymore?
please return to the maverick you once were and stand up to GOP on healthcare for all. Don't bow down to GOP again.#2008
You are a Spineless fraud.  Just say no. Stop this foolish bargaining and follow the regular rules.
Are you serious?  Pass a bill you don't want and hope house will compromise.  Do what you said, veto and go to regular order.
Just read that you are voting yes on skinny bill. You have no moral center sir. Have lost all respect for you.
You know this health bill is a joke.Consequences to irresponsible decisions right now--History remembers you as a traitor to your country.
7 GOP no votes on straight repeal
•Alexander TN
•Capito WV
•Collins ME
•Heller NV
•McCain AZ
•Murkowski AK
•Portman OH

They lied to us.
A bill written over lunch to take health care from millions?!? Please vote no!
Great speech on unity, US more imp. than either parties ideologues or TweetTrump Please put words into personal action..
May God have mercy on your soul.  Oh, that's right, you don't have one.
@senrobportman has sold out Ohio so I'm coming to you-please don't vote for a bill you were just handed that you hope the House conferences.
Americans deserve better than this. Whatever the bill does, it should see the light of day before a vote. I know you agree with that.
This is not the way to govern. To start debate on a bill not even written yet. Americans deserve real leadership.
Cancer patients like you and my wife deserve better than to have their healthcare hanging in the balance without a hearing before the vote.
If nothing else-show us process means something. Process, whatever the result, is as important as the result itself. Godspeed.
Agreed-Let's start w/getting a President who doesn't make things worse. I mean, this experiment isn't funny anymore:
https://www.yahoo.com/news/m/a975a4f7-a17e-33cb-a782-98c48449d741/iran-to-take-%27any-action.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
With the ban, Less time on Twitter, more time on the Senate floor, more time with your family & friends. Wish you the best!
John Should proceed to Now while waiting, Nothing is more Important and your their to Shepard through
Trans gender costs in military astronomical! More than $3.7 billion over 10 years.Combat vets rot in hospitals. Trump right on on this.
I'm for supporting our troops. My concern is that adding $ to the military always seems to damage the economy. Make it work Senator.
And of course you will vote the other way.
Plz do all you can Transgenders are battling on both front, plz fight for their rights 
Rebuild my ass just more wasteful spending. Only thing that gets a rise out of you is more $'s for the military.
Start leading on healthcare. How could you throw your constituents under the bus. You should know the importance of good healthcare.
Could we, as taxpayers, not pay for transgender surgeries, drugs, psychology visits? This is on them, not taxpayers. Their choice, not mine
@SenJohnMcCain URGENT - Skinny Repeal Hurts my cancer community! Please check with @ACSCAN
Please senator, do not let them kick millions off healthcare. Demand a bipartisan effort to improve ACA!
you did nothing for the vets in Arizona and there VA hospital that is a http://sham.You  took 3 billion from vets.Gave more to refuge
Too bad your words are meaningless. If it ever comes to a vote, you'll sell out the transgender community over party.
Don't vote for the bill. If you have concerns, don't vote for it.
$1.6 BILLION for 74 miles of fence?
OUR MILITARY IS FINE. WE SPEND MORE THAN THE NEXT 8 countries combined. Get more efficient!!!!
Reagan brought respect back to our military during his Presidency and now congress might just bring back strength to our military!
You lied to the people of AZ when you promised them you would vote to repeal obama care. Good job john
Well I guess your memory will be that u were a traitor song bird McCain how pathetic u are
Resign. You're a feckless hollow coward and I'm sick of listening to you bloviate. You lack conviction and morality so please quit
You served this country but when we needed you you caved and folded like a cheap suit.  Enjoy your healthcare while others die or go broke
You also keep licking th boot of a man who denigrated you and this once proud country.  You're empty sir and we deserve better
What do you have to say about Trump withdrawing support to militias opposing Assad?
All of our troops? Or just the straight, white, male troops?
What about transgender members?
You're such a liar </3
you should have voted for that Bill.  You guys have to pass something.  People are hurting and you guys are playing games.
We already spend more on defense than Russia and China combined. Support transgender people in the military!

All of our troops!

Nobody cares what you say anymore.
Love to hear about the unsealed Uranium Mines in N AZ leaking into the water of the Navajo people
You showed your true colors not listening to you anymore! #disgusted

Thanks for supporting  our troops...
John McCain you are a great man.Please stop the crazy ass President
U sold out on the ACA!  Coward!
And just what do you plan to do about #fakepotus ban on transgender military. #dispicable #disgustingpotus #ImpeachTrumpNow
Please read
"Skinny repeal” would unravel the individual market, exacerbate affordability issues critics are trying to address. http://spr.ly/60108s7vQ  
Support ALL our troops! Stop trump's discrimination and hatred!
Didn't u swear to serve the People & protect American lives? Why would you want 2 be complicit in kicking millions of folks off healthcare?
Rebuild the military? We are the most powerful military in history! You guys just love giving money to massive manufacturers.
I've decided U sold out the troops when U didn't speak up about trans ban! U must speak out R Ur legacy wl b DT's sweeping destruction!
Lucky for you John you didn't get treatment at the VA otherwise you would never had been diagnosed
Bloated military budget should be used to improve the daily lives of Americans not blowing up brown people halfway around the world. 
Can't build military when u discriminate
Does the military pay for itself? I'd military funding sustainable? They always demand this of healthcare and social security.
Sir, you are known for not leaving soldiers behind.  Please continue that tradition regardless of ethnicity, religion, or gender .
Orrrrosbu cocugu Mccain
Does your speech include more allocation to support of vets and decry exclusion of the LGBTQ community?  I hope so..
How about that ban on LGBTQ ??
I know your trying really hard to fulfill the duties of your post, but these are not normal times. Fix executive branch first. Then govern.
you were disloyal to the American people who need health insurance.
some one should take your insurance away so you would know how it feels
No "skinny" repeal, please. 16 million MORE will be uninsured!!
Do the honorable thing, sir.
What about healthcare? What about illegal immigration? Tax reform? How does spending more on military reduce staggering nat debt?
In AZ my brother, 34, Grade 4 Glioblastoma. Cannot get same quality of care as McCain. And has gone bankrupt trying to live. Thanks, McCain
show love to the American people.  Repeal and replace Obamacare.
Rebuild and your HOMOPHOBIC PRESIDENT JUST TRU THEM UNDER THE BUSS
Please stop this health care process. How many states have been threatened? Where's the @TheJusticeDept ?
Trump administration signals that Murkowski’s health care vote could have energy repercussions for Alaska https://www.adn.com/politics/2017/07/26/trump-administration-signals-that-murkowskis-health-care-vote-could-have-energy-repercussions-for-alaska/ …
And kick out all the Transgender members that are faithfully serving our country??
Is this one of those cases where you'll do the exact opposite of your speech? Asking for a friend. @SenJohnMcCain #FY18NDAA
#VoteNo #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #NeverRepeal
How does spending $80Million on Erectile Dysfunction drugs in the military help rebuild it? Seems a serious spending review is in order.
Can you add an amendment to it reversing the President's transgender ban?  @SenGillibrand
What about Veterans who depend on Medicaid? Are you going to protect them?
Veterans always get free healthcare at the VA hospitals.
SICKNING
ALL of our troops? For a change, do something honorable and speak up- #NoTransBan #TransRightsAreHumanRights
IMAGINE A DRAFT DODGER SAYIN YOUR NOT A HERO
COMPLEATLY DISCUSTED
Serious question. With America First, we are supposed to be reducing our global military footprint - No? Why are we rebuilding?
We aren't staffing State, so is this rebuilding a down-sizing? Seems like there would be more money that could be earmarked for health care?
THE TRUMP MAGA TV SHOW SUCKS JOHN
Then u need to disavow the disgusting move against LGBTQ in the military-soldiers who committed their lives to serving the American people.
Do right by America / not just the rich.
Guys!, patriots! #Deplorables #TrumpTrain #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp Time To voted this 7 Traitorous out of government jobs!
Fuhk off Comrade. We're on to the likes of you.
THIS WHOLE THING WITH TRUMP DESTROYING AMERICA STINKS TO HIGH HEAVEN WHERES THE AMERICAN SPIRIT SAD
Nobody cares what you say anymore.
Support transgenders in #Military AND  Vote NO on #HealthCare. Please keep #ACA & repair it . Even if U hated our first black #POTUS #Obama
It was a lie obamanation shouldn't never been a president sorry but we've been lied to #DNC #ObamaGate fallow that #MAGA #America1st
Make your legacy that you helped Americans have health care. Don't do lip service---do what you said you would.
Fraud.
This is your last chance to leave a semi credible legacy behind. #TransRightsAreHumansRights
You mean build bases in Ukraine?
Doesn't matter if our military defends us, if we don't have our health.  U should know that, especially now.
I hope you vote for repealing the horrible Obamacare, come on! stop playing with the American people
Not sure anyone cares seeing how you sold your soul to the devil already!
Stop paying for Cialis and viagra to save $.  Leave the lgbt soldiers alone.  #DumpTrump
You voted for a bill yesterday that would cause 22,000,000 American to lose healthcare...
How does this help the 14,000 in military who will be kicked out now? Stop pussy footing around Trump! Get some balls
You should speak about Trump not telling military about his ban. #ImpeachTrump
What a traitor you were on repealing Obamacare yesterday. You betrayed your voters and the state of Arizona.
she’s not lazy, but she is sick, this is America, we need more empathy, she’s young with a hard life ahead of her, we need a better answer
Compassion is one thing but when it affects the safety of our other military men that's not right. You have no idea what's going on.
Move the money for the useless Wall that Mexico was supposed to pay for & the fake Trans Medical money prob would be solved.
Please don't vote for today's slap-dash effort to strip millions of health care. Fight for the thoughtful process you called for.
Dayi bu ne how about your fake cancer
Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
No!!!!
Please discuss the impact of repeal on our military and their families. Thank you!
Military as an organization seems ok. Our troops need more thanks and less tanks. A good start would be ensuring them healthcare.
Without tanks they're dead men! Military men should get the same premium healhplan that Congress has.
An easy way to be sure all vets get quality insurance is to enact #singplepayer. Also note, I said "less tanks". not no tanks.
How can you rebuild our troops when our Vets are literally catching PURE-HELL after service? I dare you to challenge my facts against yours!
Do support transgender in our military or is the question to difficult a simple yes or no will suffice
We spend more than next 10 countries combined.  I'm in favor of tech however we should reduce troop size and stop invading other countries
Vote on what you promised with #HearthCare2017
Add a rider protecting transgendered soldiers
Please speak on impeachment for @realDonaldTrump. It's the only thing that matters.
How about save America's healthcare and Medicaid, Senator.
He doesn't give a fuck...  He's got his, so fuck everyone else...  He even said as much on the @SenateFloor
McCain says defense bill is more important than healthcare bill
