I don't think so MR. NO VOTE! You let all your constituents down and lost respect of million's.  You heal body, mind, Soul. Please retire.

Your prayers are fake!
thank you John im a Dem but I love you keep Tx in your prayers plz & ty for serving our country & ty for not letting healthcare pass
Happy birthday John! Thank you for your support of Ukraine!
Thanks to them all.
why don't you thanks our President of the United States for all he does he is wonderful President t
John I think it's past time for you to retire and let our president do his job

Trump's cybersecurity advisors just resigned en masse, citing his 'insufficient attention' to threats http://fortune.com/2017/08/26/trump-cybersecurity-advisors-resign/ …
Senator McCain:  You have more class and integrity in your pinky finger than Trump, who has NONE!  So many people wish YOU were President.
So John hows it feel that you and the rest of Congress allow this to happen to American Vets....
They need help not only from us but very much from God first, more and more prayer and work Pls
Happy Birthday Senator  McCain! 
Not to mention politicians who stand for what is right not just convenient. Thanks Senator McCain!
Maybe they can use that obama care you forced in America out of spite! Dirtbag!
The wrong guy is President, it should b a short guy with a bad arm
retire before all your calls are called into question because of BRAIN INJURIES
Thank you so much Sen JohnMcCain for your strength and exemplary leadership. We need it. Take good care of you 
Hang tough
Corrupt #Congress wont stop 38 billion to Israel 4 #HurricaneHarvey instead http://www.unz.com/article/israels-38-billion-scam/ …
Thank you, Senator for your continued commitment to this great nation; and your thoughts and prayers for my fellow Texans #TXpraysforMcCain
United People of America
Hey John, how much did Hillary Pac and Obama "donated" to you to keep silent and cover up their crookery?  No comments about this abuses?

THANKS  ....1VOTE!  1 VOTE!
Thank you for what .
http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/28/mccains-death-bed-secret-killed-just-came-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/ … You killed and injured hundreds of people .
Thanks, Az is praying you get in the right side of the tracks soon,,,1 vote..
Love you Sir.  A CA Democrat.


No Thanks!!! We don't need your prayers to Lucifer. #PizzaGate
#prayers4harvey2017affected
Accept the fact you are not and never will be POTUS. Giving Brutus a bad name
Sounds presidential unlike that tool in the WH
Give details of what you were pardoned for #Songbird Mccain. Traitor
Thank you for being Man enough to stand up to Trump and his thugs. Please only listen to the kind words of those who want you well 
We love you John
Thank you, sir. Your words are greatly appreciated. We need leadership!
hey John any thoughts on the weekly Antifa violence?
Awesome!!!!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your continued bravery. Please, rest and recover. It's what all moral humankind wishes for you!

Yes thank god your Arsenal has left some alive.
?
When will you be speaking out against #ANTIFA violence against innocent Americans?
my god be with you my god bless you mr, mc cain see you
Resign&allow substitute to pass legislation-desperately needed for recovery #HarveyRelief #GameOfThrones #morningjoe #MayweathervMcgregor
#GoAwayJohnMcCain
an return to get there job back after, the war was over, not to get a responce from you be to put on the back burner, you know
I doubt you even care.
Thank you for caring Senator McCain.  May God continue to bless you during your recovery.
is her,  in a time of ned,or go job to job, a lot will lie about who they are. in world war 2 a lot ran home when the draft was being called

if the country need people to be regesterd for millitery time an a hug amount are not known. should the usa go door to door an know who-
they make a hard time better, serving with respect they train to carry out i got a question for you,-
. You have a platform ask all Americans to donate BLOOD & MONEY to favorite charity that will Aid America in time of need !
AND TRUMP NOT DOING A GD THING. JUST GRAND STANDING FOR HIS OWN SELF; TO HELL TO OTHERS IS HIS ATTITUDE!!
Glad someone from your state is stepping up. Too bad you can't find urself doing the same for the country 2 interested in cosmetic surgery
As a retired military hero and a republican, I am upalled at your resistance to the party!!
I'm assuming you mean "appalled"! I'm proud he has decided to put country over party! That's what REAL heroes do! 
And praying for you ....
Texas thanks you from the bottom of our hearts.
Thank u sir. U get better.
Yes we do think all of them for helpingin Texas andwe alsothank President Trump for making sure peoplewere on theground before the hurricane
you are as guilty of Trump actions as he is until you remove him
Just shut it @SenJohnMcCain mccain one cares what you have to say buddy
Thank you sir for your leadership Please consider articles of impeachment for 45 Treason Collusion high crimes over charging the taxpayers
Thank you Senator McCain - hope you're feeling better!
How long before @DonaldJTrumpJr shows up in TX to see how they can slap their name on the shelters and try and make a buck.
Thank you, John for everything you have done for the whole country in this very trying time. Be well, and thank you for your leadership.
Did you pray for the 134 sailors you murdered? http://uconservative.com/2017/08/27/mccains-death-bed-secret-killed-just-came-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/ …
John, is it true that you met with 2 operatives on a corner to obtain the fake trump #dossier ?
