#OTD 5/24/1973 President & Mrs. Nixon hosted formal White House dinner for former Vietnam War POWs (Nixon & future @SenJohnMcCain E0840-14A) 
Self promoting do nothing Senator. Crawl back in your two faced back stabbing hole loser.
Wow. You were old like a long long time ago. Now you a dinasour
Thank you for your service. Please help oust Traitor Trump.
@JohnMcCain your #liberal supporter love your agenda.  Retire or change parties!!!!
Actually, I don't. But as far as the GOP goes, I think McCain generally has some level of integrity that most lack.
A hero. Thank you for your service, for sticking up for your morals, and for reaching across the aisle. #imaazdem #respectutho
Trump 
Someone who should recognize a President who needs to be impeached when he sees one?
Boom!
Always about you John. Always huh
I skipped school to watch as you and your fellow POW's  returned home from N VietNam . 
 Thank You
he's uglier than snot, and he is not a hero
most despised man in congress
He was a hero then.  He got bought out by DC.  He is now another SWAMP RAT full of MUCK.
never a hero in my books .. now i understand your tweet :)
Ooo, I know, I know.  The man who got captured and isnt really a hero because Trump said he prefers people who don't get captured.
That is #RichardNixon!!!!!
You mean the one pardoned for treason??
Dear Senator McCain, that Handsome Young Man with President Nixon is Obviously #SteveMcQueen right off the Set of "The Sand Pebbles".
A future treasonous traitor!
Thank you for your service to our nation & thanks for being brave enough to speak out against trump.
You can be a hero again, greater still, by saving our democracy. You are not blind to the truth, it's time to stand and act. Party be damned
Help us sir. Impeach. Arrest the Russian traitors . You've been my hero but we still need your bravery.
Don't know. Never saw him again.
So you don't bet against the USA!! Please, dump trump. We need the #gop to save America.
Wrong. Old Reps can't walk and chew gum.

yes you were a very handsome, brave young POW. Don't rest on your laurels. Stop Trump. Do what you know is right.
I believe he was known as Song Bird.
I'm reminded of @SteveMartinToGo. White hair since very young. This is a compliment.
Bernadette red Martin black white -Sarah yelling out answer on match entertainer with colors quiz show
A former patriot, who used to put country before party.
YSED TO is right, now he fights against POYUS
A pork,name is mccain 
That's the man I wanted as Pres 2000. Waiting 4 him to reappear. What are U going 2 do 2 save US from Russia? Actions mean more than words.
A traitor to his party/country? A RINO? A person who perpetuated fake news abt sitting president, yes I know, it's John McCain.
You used to be a hero of the USA  and defended us but why are you not defending us now?
This handsome young man is a traitor and all around snake in the grass. #Songbird
Senator. Will you withdraw your endorsement for @gianforte now that he was exposed as a simple thug? Do U condone? This is GOP? #MontanaGOP
McCain I read you were in in knowing about Russian $$. If thats true I hope you burn baby burn.
Isn't he the man that told the enemy everything to save his own skin?
Looking good on those whites!
Any comment on the GOP body slamming candidate? You really going to be quiet on this?
Thank you for your service. I'm so sorry for what you had to endure. Please do the right thing for the American people: impeach. 
An American hero who must step aside from partisan politics & execute his oath to protect & defend against ALL enemies - foreign & DOMESTIC
Still handsome.  Thank you for your service. #maverick
Makes us wonder when you became an authoritarian and war-monger?
me
A future warmongering politician on the take from SAU as well as a sell out to Clinton's & Soros?
@SenJohnMcCain You truly are my hero. My brother flew with you over 'nam. He remembers you well. Thank God for your life, and his.
Thank you for your service to our country!
ROLFLMAO: Russia Hackers phone prank John McCain. I'm a Rep and can't stand this Brown nose Dem stiffer.
https://youtu.be/Eqrw2vIvBv0 
Thank you for your service.
Nixon wasn't THAT handsome!
What a shame look what her turned into a Ring
Look what he turned into a RINO
Dick Nixon?
Full of yourself. Good thing you like yourself
Former patriot that wants to give billions of dollars of tax breaks for the rich.
Handsome brave young man. Thank you Senator.
Some guy about to have his greatest moral failure?
Look, a president who actually knew what a hero was.
We're pretty sure it's this guy :-)
White House Correspondents Association Dinner, April 14, 1973 - one month after being released.
The things that I want people to know the most about are the things for which you have gone through. You sir deserve all things good in life
What do you think about Obama Surveillance of and unmasking Americans?
Well.,.,.
And what happened to him regarding vets in PHX??
Circa Report today proves Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. What are you doing about this!
Time for you to step aside so that a younger, smarter person can replace you, because your words no longer carry any weight. You look tired.
You really disappoint me, how can you constantly side with democrats? Please leave the party.
@MeghanMcCain @NixonLibrary look it's a George Soros paid rino. Rare to see one, only about 6 in the world
And now you're working for another Nixon! You like to be around traitors
Shitty pilot
One of the few patriots left. A dying breed in public office who have combat experience. Such a crucial perspective
Exactly @SenJohnMcCain, because he's not the same guy we have to deal with now. He wasn't corrupted by Washington politics and such....
Walking up there on crutches like a boss!
A hero without a doubt. We need your heroism again.
Had to really hold my nose when i voted for u.  Hate you lots and lots now. Please shut up and get out of the way already. MAGA! TRUMP
You still are!
Senator: $880 b in cuts to #Medicaid. End Minimum Essential Benefits: MentalHealth, #Addiction, ER, Ambulance, Maternity. KIll this thing
That's Songbird McCain
Who would know that handsome young man would betray the Republican Party
Are you trying to impeach ooops I meant imply something Senator? you're a true hero not like that orange dude lol
Not a draft dodger, that's for sure!
A returning hero who told, Ho Chi Minh, to stick it up his ass.
And what did it take to sell his soul to the Russians? #traitor
Senator- You're a good man. Although you do frustrate me from time to time!
 handsome and funny
Back before you became a traitor. #TERMLIMITS
U have no idea how much real support there is for Trump. U and Gram need to help Trump save us.
Why don't u just change party's.  Ur so anti conservative policys & Trump. Ur a Trader, and I'll donate to any republican but u in primary .
McCain the Rhino
@SenJohnMcCain All I can say is examine your heart before God. Revenge is evil and has consequences. Supporting our President is critical!!!
That Richard Nixon, he was hardly a young man nor was he handsome.
Why are you putting party over country?
Still handsome!
Richard Nixon?
Thats President Nixon sir
He's future @CNN host ...and Democrat
American who fought hard&gave so much. We r asking you 2 step up again..clean up this WH..2 many sold us out 2 THUGS that work with Russia.
Nixon gave u a pardon right.
In retrospect I think Nixon should have used 'sir' when referring to u
A young man of enormous physical courage who has become an older man of no political courage. Sad.
Know him anywhere
You are a disgrace
A republican Traitor
http://obamasweapon.com/ 
God Bless you John. We dont agree on alot but i RESPECT YOU AS A STATESMAN AND A VETERAN. I KNOW YOU KNOW POTUS IS NOT FOR THE JOB!!
There is something about a sailor in his dress white! Thank you for your service!
Songbird
#doyourjob
Was in high school then, so appreciative of your service and sacrifice, still am Sir.
Not sure a picture of you shaking Nixon's hand right now is a good thing. Remember when Trump called you loser? #Impeach45
Thank you for your service and your leadership. Keep it up
Looks a lot like the duplicitous Senator from Arizona who backstabs our president at every opportunity he gets but it's a little grainy.
I don't know, he no longer exists...
Some people made some cruel, mean insensitive remarks here about John McCain. I apologize for them sir. "They know not what they do".
Benedict Arnold?
A very handsome, brave young man ... who is still serving and protecting America!
Isn't that the guy John Kasich voted for POTUS?  Yep, I think it is!
And that Sir is why I voted for you for POTUS! In fact I try to find out what your thoughts are on the days shit show! You have common sense
That man should now be President instead of you know who.
Stop sabotaging our president. Get with the program or get OUT!
Sir, seriously though, that is one cool photograph Senator McCain sir.
A true American hero
Back when you had guts
that's Nixon
REALLY !!
Someone who doesn't dodge with
"bone spurs."
The man who later sells out the GOP for a little Soros $$
Wow, you raised the ire of all the Trumplodytes.  Must be doing something right.  Country over party.  Just do the right thing.
A guy who used to know the meaning of courage, sacrifice, and honor?
Please don't get angry about this Senator McCain but I think that's Popeye The Sailor Man with President Nixon.
Looks like a RINO TRAITOR  to me!!
Vile hate? A little over dramatic.
save us sen mccain
Be that hero again and rescue us from the madman in the White House PLEASE!!!
Hey, cutie 
tell Trump to get it over with and tell Russia where our nuke silos are you support a commie @SenJohnMcCain
We know it's not @POTUS, John, because he had those fake bone spurs!
I believe that is Richard Nixon
Who knew, Senator, that you'd be in DC long enough to see two dicks occupying the Oval Office?! 
He is a hero!
I have immense respect for @SenJohnMcCain the Man and Veteran. I wish I could respect you as a politician. #WakeUp
Youre a better person than me , i have zero respect for john
that was back when you were a patriot that was a long time ago
Richard Nixon of course lol
Before the senate career removed his spine?
Thankyou for your service, you could have come home sooner & stayed to keep the focus on your fellow POWs. Incredible strength & devotion.
A HERO!
#Young, yes. But #handsome? Just joshing. 
Great pic. #SUPERNice! 
YK
Looks like a hero to me.
Nixon looks happier to meet you than Elvis, that's for sure.
Very handsome young man.I remember it well Yes I that old
You know he resigned in disgrace, right? Why brag about it? I guess it's fitting since you hold water for today's far worse president.
With all due respect your Father needs to retire.
All talk, no action Senator. Do you really want to ally yourself with another disgraced President?
I see two politicians
Nice. Now do something about this president. Please.
What do you mean do something ? What? stop him from creating jobs  protecting borders?....typical
Thanks for your service.
The one with the brown hair or blonde?
Live in the present not the past. What you do. Now matters and Trump called you a loser not a@winner
The same handsome (& great senator) young heart and voice we all know.
Someone who will eventually run for president, choose a horrible running mate and cause us to be stuck with 8 years of Obama.
Got that right
Thank you for your service but Once a patriot now spineless man who won't stand up to trump
