Uh John, a quick reminder. You are a senator of Arizona not Kiev.
The people of Arizona want Russia to partially annex US allies?
I don't think the people of Arizona give a hoot about a corrupt backwater that is not worth one penny of US taxpayers money.
That being said, if you want to fight and die in the Donbass then there is nothing to stop you.  Your fight.  Keep us out of it.
Read up on the Budapest Memorandum. It's where Ukraine gave up its nukes in exchange for US & UK security guarantees.
The quid pro quo was non-interference in Ukraine's affairs which US violated by supporting the coup in the Maidan.
Besides, it was not a treaty.   And frankly I doubt the good people of Arizona want to be dragged into yet another idiotic war.
You mean they'd rather fight Russia on US soil and not hold up treaties like the Budapest Memorandum?
#FreeUkraineFromMcCaine
No, thank you. Let's free Ukraine from Russian occupation instead and stop Putin's genocide in Ukraine.
There is no Russian occupation or genocide. Products of McCain's demented brain.
We, Ukrainians, know it better, and we say stop Russian aggression against Ukraine. Why do you support Russian imperialism & warmongering?
I as an EU tax payer hate to pay taxes for the support money for Ukrainian oligarchs, nazis, corrupt clerks...
The imaginary Nazis, the ones existing in Russia's fevered imperialist imagination. Btw, you're not a EU tax payer, you're from Novosibirsk.
Well done Senator.
Please keep up the pressure on Congress and the President to do more about Russia while working with our western allies.
Why you do forget that we, Ukrainians, do defend European borders?
I'm not and consider Ukraine an up-and-coming member of the West and the front line against Russian aggression that deserves greater support
We deserved a respect!
I agree with you 110%.
I HATE SO CALLED "DPR" AND "LPR". Everyone who does support them are scums!
How about fighting for a free and whole #America?
What are their names?
That's nice. Now let's see you fight to let us SEE the health care bill. Let's see you fight for public hearings.
Please also for Free democratic Chechenia!
Thank you ..... 
Isn't it a shame that @realDonaldTrump had the GOP platform remove the pro-Ukraine language?
Never happened
#Soros puppet
Putin took bites out of Ukraine just because he was afraid that Ukraine "might" not let him keep his ports.  I wish Ukraine was in NATO.
He never would have pulled any of this then.
You need mental help
It sure would be nice if you would back our POTUS. I use to like you very much and voted for you. Is it time for retirement? #doyourjob
After Trump insulted him?
I would hope he is a big boy. I voted for McCain. If he takes it personally & he would let the country go to crap, I'll insult him big time!
"Hope he is a big boy" as you defend the who who is literally tweeting insults like a grade-schooler.
Great. Agree. What about human rights here?
WE WILL WIN BACK UKRAINE
NOT A PROBLEM
JUST ANOTHER DEAL 
AND AMERICA WINS, CRIMEA WINS, AND RUSSIAN PEOPLE WIN
ALL WIN WHEN CRIMEA IS FREE
You just happened to run into them right? Weren't you partying in the Ukraine on New Year's Eve 2016?Who were your friends in the Civil War?
Strongly appreciate the work of these two women. I hope that you, Senator, will continue our amazing work for freedom around the world.
We better contain russia aggression before they start marching into poland!  They've been through enough!
Sir with all do respect please leave our party you spend more time attacking republicans then democrats you are a rhino and should be a DEM
Why don't you say the president we elected is doing a great job for the USA. Don't undermine him and the country. @POTUS @VP @PRyan @GOP
Ask them about their healthcare system.
But I won't actually do anything that helps your cause.
Senator McCain is the living example of why there should be term limits.
How about fighting for our human rights and freedom?  Vote no tomorrow on closed door healthcare.
That's wonderful!

Now, about that Trumpcare thing - If we can't read it, you can't vote it!

NO ON TRUMPCARE!
Also fight for adequate health care for all U.S. citizens.Do not vote for a health care bill that would deprive people of medical care.
That's funny cuz I heard the Russians were set up
Here on US SOIL By the GOP to help them win
The presidency back only DEMs WERE HACKED
@cnn
Ask them to show you the bill
How about for a free and whole USA ?
You are a believer of human rights. Please search your soul and vote NO for this secret, dangerous HealthCare Bill.
Yes John HopefullyThey will be there to walk you to the toilet Man you sure appear to have lost your bearings and edge. Sad Confused Old Man
Meeting with Russians.
Ah you hypocrite you can care less except for the photo opportunity
Proshenko is dictator as like Putin
This shortguy from Kremlin is much worse. At least, our country is not invading others.
Then fight @realDonaldTrump.
Or are you just another hypocrite?
And what is the strategy for Ukraine? Can't do anything without a strategy. From the mouth of the great McCain.
Все глубже сосут тёлки Мак Кейну, а он обещает Грин карту
And their names are?
How about you also fight for the people of the United States and vote NO for the AHCA.
You say some good things, but get it together. Anything better than what's there in HC. Pass HC-BILL now and tweek if needed. Can't wait!!!!
I hope u meet human rights activists of Saudi, china, and ....

Trump is a coward. He had 7 deferments to avoid serving yet insults your honorable service. My dad did 7y in Vietnam, was a 30y US Navy vet.
Did you apologize for your wife's boss saying, "THE Ukraine?"
McCain you have no clue what's going on in Ukraine! There is no democracy there! Ppl, take a look at the things that happens there!
Ukraine is more democratic today that it ever has been in its entire history.
Who did you say it to you?
Have you ever been in Ukrain? I'm sure you've never been but i lived there! That's why i know it much better than you do
Ukraine changed into nazistate.Uk tv calls for killing ppl who don't wanna live like that! Anyone who opposes the regime is thrown in jail!
Do you call it democracy?McCain lies!I have seen it all because i lived there!We're all sick and tired of this lie!Stop playing the fool!
Whats the problem in Washington? John McCain. We need a true Republican Patriot. Not another obstructionist.
Well, I won spot the bot. What do I get? 
Also, get bent!
Now all you have to do is talk your boss(Dear Leader) into it.
... except when it means doing anything of substance to oppose the Russian installed idiot traitor president.
Please RETIRE  now, do not abuse your welcome!
I have a pair words to say about you,mr.Senator.Thanks for the Ukraine,thanks for the human rights,thanks for the fight against the evil!
after seeing that Comey hearing, i think Senator need to retire and work offline and give away the seat for the next generation 
SOSVenezuela Sir, can you please never stop fighting for a free Venezuela? We need you, NO to a new anticonstitutional ANC
Charity begins at home, Sen. McCain.
Is that why you support Russia and Putin's puppet?  Do something about it or shut up.
McCain is resistance  you're confused
I tend to disagree comrade.
If you believe he supports Trump ...... Fine
i wish they knew hw toothless yu are
I understand you're conservative, but I think it's time you jump ship and become a Blue Dog.
