I don't look at late night as for McCain, I make it point to actually avoid him.
Be the Maverick. Channel the Maverick. Speak truth to power and remember us, the little people.
As a Veteran & admiration for your service. I am extremely disappointed in your constant criticism of POTUS. Support him or retire.
The Iranians released the hostages the@day Carter left office to punish him. Reagan did nothing. We love ya, but...
Where's your troll patrol tonight?? Ouch. Y'all, he's one of our greatest. I don't agree with him a lot, but he certainly deserves respect.
Sen.McCain I wish you were president!You served our country proud! Unlike our President that let bone spurs keep him out of service!ThankYou
Enjoyed your comments on @LateNightSeth
Traitor
I will miss junk like this rather hear Trump's speeches,they are wonderful.
As always, you were adorable.  Keep up the great work!  You are my hero.
Yet he was a 4 sport athlete. Keep fighting and forging the way for our country. Hope to meet you one day!
Snap
@SenJohnMcCain is what Trump once described Hillary as: "all talk no action"  Why not retire senator?  You really don't give a crap.
I guess you need another 15 minutes to talk crap about POTUS. Why do you do that? U Republicans should be uniting the party not dividing it
Trump destroyed the  Republican Party and divided Americans!
Anyone else ever wonder how we would have survived the past 4 months without @sethmeyers #IDontWantToKnow

You enjoy talk shows now that Obama left office. If u need to discuss POTUS agenda, do it with him, not the news. You disgust me Senator
It's one of the liberal's favorite propaganda tools playing the role perfectly. By the way, you're never gonna be president.
DT won't be making it! WE THE PEOPLE have the right to a fair election, not UR cover up resulting FRAUD!
Watching you hold back on #Trump is disappointing.  Wish you would do more.  You're probably going to regret that you didn't.
Demorat.
Non sibi sed patriae
verdad!
Oh what a surprise Jon going on a lefty show - true colors
don't you know these people are using you  I am sorry you are in our party
Two assholes together
Will miss anything to do with you John! Please spend the rest of you time in office doing at least one good thing.
Wow to bad the liberal press missed really fantasic speeches, liberal press afraid for you to heaR and see Trump.
McCain your a f****** war criminal you and George Bush
Why don't u resign get on tv circuit  u seem to be more interested in that than our country.
Captain James Tiberius Kirk with some older guy!
John McCain, the useful idiot of the left media. Can't stand not being in front of a camera.
You're a coward! You asked for a special investigation then you question if there's enough evidence of collusion when questioning
Why?
I will watch. Save us Senator McCain and end this embarrassing madness brought upon us by El Trumpo!!!!  Keep up the good fight.
Sir You need to retire!
It would be awesome if Seth asked why the GOP is taking ao long to get onboard with obstruction on 45? And whats w/Gowdy tdy? #moron
You gonna trash our president again with the Libs? RINO!!!!!!!!!
RUSSIA.
Maybe u should explain tonite all the times obama violated the constitution, especially 4th amendment, u political leech
What, r U staying in office til u die! Poster boy for term limits. Why don't u go away, haven't filled ur pockets enough yet?
Thank u, I will be sure NOT to watch, u old goat, get on TV and disparage the pres. Just join the dumocRATs u old fool.
Oh boy, 2 comedians making fun of Pres Trump, how could I possibly miss this???(sarcasm)
OMG. Are you planning a run for president? How about getting to work for your constituents?
Media love him, stupid old man, dumocRAT hack
Are going to announce your resignation? That would make many Republicans happy.
Please do the right thing. I believe you're an honorable man. Please prove me right.
I am so disappointed in your constant criticism of DT. Your attacks on him are foolish and just make you look like a sour old man.
Lord another trump bashing session
I'm in disbelief that the sick & poor will suffer just so Trump can have his wall. Liar in chief is a disgrace to humanity. Do something!
What so you can bash the President again? Free air time for a jappy dog, disgusting.
You should go on that clown's show. It's perfect for you.  He is a liberal democrat.
Instead of going 2this clown's show who hates Republicans &works hard 2smear anyone who's not a liberal,get back 2work &deliver  4the nation
Can't believe you are going to appear on this tools show. Is all you care about anymore is the camera??? Retire plz
I make sure to miss this
Make sure to attack Trump good! That's why they invited u on. Why all libs invite u on their shows. They love u now that u lost 2 Obama!
You are a traitor... an establishment junkie, not for America. #Soros
Lets hope Seth has balls. He has in the past. Giddy up .
"Please make the liberals like me"
Worthless senator!  #RetireMcCain #TermLimits 
Camera whore.
Mr. McCain, for some time, you belong of NBC, MSNBC, CNN and their audience.  Sad.
SEEMS YOU GIVE AID AND COMFORT TO OUR PRES AND PARTY'S ENEMY'S?? ..THEY USE YOU ! YOU GLORIFY THEIR FAKE NEWS AND HATE..
What a waste of time.
I hope he shreds you for your Inability to confront trump and how you have overwhelmingly voted with his Corrupt & conflict of interest ilk
I'll make sure Not to watch
We want term limits
The staff member in the White House with connections to Senator McCain, is your Leaker!
Maybe get a job at MSNBC while you are at it!
Get him Seth. No softball
You'll be right in your element there Senator!!! Surrounded by TOTAL LOSERS!!!  YOUR kind of people!!!  
hey SONGBIRD ......that includes YOU !!

WILL YOUR BUDDY BE WITH YOU ??
2 GIRLY RINOS - WITH BIG MOUTHS 
THEY BOTH NEED TO GO ...
Is Maxine going with you?
Tell a man by the company he keeps.
You're dead on arrival.  Please retire!
Gonna slam our @POTUS ? Sure you will! #RINO Try working for The People instead Tax cuts, national security ring a bell? Didn't think so!
Screw YOU @SenJohnMcCain . Can't believe I ever voted for you! @potus was right about you. All the way! Tell George Soros hello in hell!
OMG TWO LOSERS TOGETHER. NEVER WATCH ANYWAY.
How true.
Two actors
Loser City!
Stop bashing POTUS!
The only reason a lot of people will die, is, because they voted Republican
I am a rep but don't trust mcain
Me either.
You're the only republican with a spine. I like u for that
