It is sad to learn that they were not ALREADY included.  If a visitor of this country is abducted, that too should be included. Is it?
Thank you Sen McCain.
She was kidnapped, taken to a remote spot, raped and beaten, and left for dead. Could've been prevented
Shutting down Harris was telling in many levels. Wow has your star faded for many. Retire senator sexist or racist.
Senator, always had respect, but need to stop w your white 50's misogyny by cutting off Sen Harris. Two very suspect sessions in a row sir
@AMBERAlert discriminates brown skinned kids! The only focus on white kids!
WHERE DID COMMON SENSE GO?????
SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE FIRST
Senator, what is your problem with strong, intelligent BLACK WOMEN? You seem to be intimidated by SENATOR HARRIS. Do you have a CRUSH on her
Not worried about the "crush".. thought you were a voice of reason in Republican Party.  Her ?? Were legit.  Why interrupt?
TRUMP HAS SOMEHOW BROUGHT HIM UNDER HIS LYING DECEITFUL SPELL/OUR COUNTRY IS IN REAL DANGER FR PUTIN/RUSSIA/NO GOP CARE/THOUGHT U DID/WRONG
Quit harassing Kamala Harris!
Good one you are so right..
.@gop @potus An amber alert needs to go out for YOUR loyalty to USA john.
Wow, you're actually going to start caring about the Navajo? Really?
Absolutely this is a must
Using another child's death to promote yourself. Sad.
#Thank you
Where can I read more about the bill?

Senator John McCain's wife Cindy is joining the Trump administration. We now know what side he's on.

#TrumpRussia
OMG. Give me a break.  Betrayed the country my ass.  If you want to talk about betrayal and treason talk about that asshole obama.The worst
What exactly did the asshole Obama do?
There is no more you can do if it is not reported.
It's very well enforced in CA
So when does your wife take her job in the Trump administration?  Things are becoming clear regarding your integrity ... sellout?
Want to express my deep disappointment in you!! You finally gave in and sold you dignity. Hope your wife likes her new job working for Putin
Why do u keep trying to quail Sen. Harris's line of questions, u have not done that 2 any other Sen. She is excellent. U sir need 2 retire.
Why do you keep interrupting Kamala Harris?  Sexist or racist?
Hes a Trump flunky now that his wife has been given a plum job.
No honor ......
OMG I can't believe this was printed. Shame on u the media
TRUMP HAS SILENCED U TOO?/BOUGHT MCCONNELL THE SAME WAY/GIVE WIFE A POSITION/HUSBAND WILL SUPPORT TRUMP/HE BOUGHT U TOO? LOYALTY OATH?/SAD!
I think you need to retire, you have served this country long enough. I thank you for your service..
Sellout! Coincidence that ur wife got an ambassador job recently? Nope
at least u were good for something! Loser
You should be worried about losing the house. Because you will.
Hooknose hause torchers in london
I can't believe you are not blaming this on the past administration
I think you should go back to medication you were on last week. Disappointing thought you were a man of character.. nope Grand Old Pussy!
so disappointed in you, we showed you so much respect here in OZ believing you were above the fray, disappointed you've changed so much
my father was a POW in WWII and I thought you shared a similar back bone, saddened by you not standing up to what is wrong
Be as concerned about all of your constituents and protect them by voting NO on the AHCA! We need your protection, don't drop people .
Good bill. And STOP INTERRUPTING SENATOR HARRIS! She was trying to get him to ANSWER a QUESTION! Let her use her time the way she sees fit.
Stop interrupting @SenKamalaHarris. She is your peer, act like it
Dude whats ur problem w Kamilla Harris? Get ur shit together
Hate McCain how is this old piece of sh*t still getting elected no one likes this guy it has to be rigged
Why don't you shut your mouth and let her ask your racist the questions, your mad because a powerful black woman is grilling your pig
Hey! Why would you interrupt your female colleague Harris and not your male colleagues?
Old Gop senator men should stop intimidating well accomplished women asking questions! Focus on getting @cindymccain the Trump cabinet job.
infact here r all the swear words xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx i guess
i just feel like using every swear word i know and direct it at u now ur part of the russa gop when my country is finished im blaming u
im reading ur timeline so many of us held out hope for our country that u would come up and seek the truth instead u now dont care
I am so disgusted with your hypocrisy. Protecting Sessions when he was obviously engaged in intentional evasiveness was a betrayal to the US
i watched u today why do u continue interrupt sen. harris i now have no hope for u please resign ur seat in my senate ur worthless SOB bye
Do you have Silver Alerts like Alaska for seniors? It's texted to all of us if someone w/ cognitive dysfunction is missing.
He needs it for himself
LOL
Your behavior today was abhorrent.  Shame on you for your treatment of Senator Harris. Did she make you nervous because of her brilliance?
Why are you impeding the Senate inquiry? Your behavior today spoke volumes.
What's with you and @SenKamalaHarris ?

Lay off, dude.

Not doing yourself any favours.
Hey dummy ur mouth was at it again during Sessions. What drugs r u on now. I guess u can't walk&talk at the same time.
Hey Ivanka Trump.

Oh excuse me Senator McCain.  You're......
#Trumpcare #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #McCainLies # TrumpLies
Russia is the biggest nothing burger 
I cannot believe amber alert didn't work in native american areas
I doubt you get these tweets since you're older than dirt. But, I loathe you for starting this Russia shit.
He's on Snapchat. LOL
I can't believe your wife's working 4 POTUS. I'm lifelong GOP & shocked hero I respected as Maverick is now neutered Goose.
A neutered goose who is scared of a woman. Why is @SenKamalaHarris the only dem you silenced Senator? 2 weeks running!
DISAPPOINTING/YOUSOLD OUT 2 PUTINS PUPPET/THE ONE VOICE I THOUGHT TRUMP COULD NOT SILENCE HAS BEEN BOUGHT & SILENCED! W/a JOB 4 his WIFE/SAD
Is your wife really being hired by Trump????????
Thank you for remembering to point this out.  These old white men seem to only stand for lining their pockets at the expense of the rest. 
Time to call it a day. You are embarrassing yourself. Is your wife going to work for trump?
pass that bill and don't politicize it. Protect our children from evil.
They'll be issuing a silver alert for you! STOP interrupting @SenKamalaHarris !!! You partisan hack! The AG should have known the answer! 
I wonder what else is in his bill. You all don't need a bill to do that.
Speaking of Native Americans. Tell us about the 10-15 feet tall skeletons the Smithsonian is hiding in a warehouse.
#Breaking: Senator John McCain Under Investigation For Money Trail Linked To Putin
And I thought @HillaryClinton was Russia's friend.
HRC hammered Putin so much he went after her ... u know who the puppet is-#GOP
They are questions wrong ag lynch was responsible for our safety you r brainwashed and letting this unamerican attack on our president
This is important but you are all over the map with your priorities. As a result you are getting nothing accomplished.
Apologize???
He can only handle Palin or stepford wives. #Shameful #apologyrequired
Not too much I agree with you about but this one!
Instead of talking down to @SenKamalaHarris while you're shielding for Trump, maybe if you'd pay attention you could learn something.
You are a shame on humanity.  After today An embarrassment to all that served in Vietnam.
Who served!
John mccain served
I once somewhat respected you. No longer. This could be your time to be a true Maverick but you chose to screw over Americans. Pathetic
Why do RINOs keep getting reelected?
Not 2b rude, but go into volunteer work? Senate seems 2 hard 4 u now. UR questioning was irrelevant at a crucial time.
Same for his wife.
How can you stand next to ppl who go against everything you fought for? HC loss for 24 million? Vets lied to by #LiarInChief #shameful
Look what US made bombs did to this baby 
#Yemen is praying for #JudgmentDay
their children are crying for justice
https://twitter.com/davudov_34/status/870813554072530945 …
U want to see 9/11 photos it was brought to us.or Oklahoma bombing was awful over Waco texas.sorry if ur child isn't the only 1
Thanks
I really wish other Senators came up with that idea sooner. Thank you for finally coming up with it
investigation needed of the ROSNEFT DEAL 
