Blackwater salutes u
not really he should resign due to rhino ways
Did not do any good, did it? I listened to those tapes you made for NVA. I am a Nam Vet BTW
Sen McCain would be locked up for treason had not been pardoned…  You betrayed your oath and your country! #truth
https://youtu.be/JphxA6Lm8P0 
Douchbag McCain discussed Security issues and collaborated with Russians.
bullshit. You oppose @POTUS
Thanks for nothing
so sorry you have to work with this doddering old fool, @SenJohnMcCain. But you are smarter then all of them so Gods speed!
Clearly you no longer support the USA.
so tricky .... you are the most vocal anti-Trumper and oppose everything he is doing. This tweet is PHONY like u
Don't lie John, you support Schumer more than Trump, RINO for AZ, be honest, be a Democrat, run on principal for once
Weak reason 4 not supporting himYou know Trump supports spending on armed services Hopethis isyour last term ever
What are you going to do about defense contractor corruption? F35 is an absolute disgrace! Tax payer money wasteland!
Trump is a fraud and a liar. He insulted your service and the service of gold star families.
#wakeup stop the CNN/MSM lobotomy on your mind @dacawa #CommonSense #follwthemoney  @SenJohnMcCain is a treasonous pos #libtard
Traitor.
McCain you need to shut your rhino mouth
< You voted against him BECAUSE you are a RINO!! And you are anti-Trump. NOT impressed with YOU!
WHY DON'T YOU SWITCH YOUR PARTY AFFILIATION TO DEMS? YOU & THE MEDIA ARE DRIVEN BY ANTI-TRUMP HATE. WE WON'T MISS YOU!
Dude you are sour grapes obstructionist.  Saw you sucking up to Ashton Kutcher 

Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain !
Revelation 3:16. You already turned your other cheek when he disrespect your honor.
you do know the majority of Americans want him gone, right?
he only supports those who don't get captured, or wounded I assume because that's not smart  and he's very very smart
we are in danger with The liars especially Trump we can't trust this white house crew
You always side with the Democrats. You are no Republican Sir. You are a traitor.
McCain woud complain if Trump promoted him to Chief of the Chief of Military Operations. He complains to complain
Mr McCain you make no sense opposing Pres Trump's pick for OMB but then saying you support Pres commitment to military
how long are we stuck with this trader, Senator?
Thank you for putting Country before party. independent investigation into the Trump Russian influence on democracy
is McCain playing political word Gymnastics?
Full of crap.Join the democrats already, your subversive behavior disgusting, youve become an embarrasment for Arizona
RESIGN. RETIRE. GO AWAY. QUIT OBSTRUCTING.
@naynayfig @POTUSSen U are always opposing or criticizing people, ideas, proposals.Why don't U do something constructive VA?
of course u r bc ur part of th #shadowgovt #songbird
do we not have enuf problems w/ the Dems?? Why do u always have to grandstand to stay relevant. DJT needs ur support
coward. GOP tool. Joke
So who's your pick for OMB Director, since @POTUS can't do anything right, why don't you tell him what he CAN do? 
nothing you do is in support of anything @Potus supports. Best friend of the Democrats.
Hey John there is a reason that you are NOT POTUS Nobody cares
Sir please stop helping the Democrat's. It is starting to look like you are an obstructionist too. Come about.
Only thing U should work on is getting to the truth about 45's bromance with Putin. Be on the right side of history
Your opposing it because you get from def contractors, and are afraid if prices come down you lose money! Hypocrite 
I oppose you ignoring the state of affairs right in front of you. #russiagate #russiagate #russiagate
it's time for you to step aside
Your puppet masters hold you very tight. We notice this. Yourself and Chuck Schumer are birds of a feather. #Disgrace.
You sound like a typical Democrat, with your double talk.  Humble yourself and work for the people who elected you!
stop disrespecting our president. You're a republican act like one or go to democrats
Nice try.  Stop dividing us!  These are critical days to come together.  We the people voted Trump with Gods grace!
about time you supported something
thank you Senator McCain! You seem to be one of the few in Congress standing up to trump.
I think its time for GOP to see your not GOP you are a dem plant to stop party.. i think it needs to be addressed
Hard to reconcile silent suffering of a hero w the sniveling petty vindictive little rat you've become.
As one of the few rational Republicans, the country is counting on your commitment. Don't be bullied by Trump.
THANK YOU for finally standing up and rep'ing America. Fight for independent committee review of Russian connection
@realDonaldTrump is going to start a war to deflect from his impeachment and you are one to blame.. soldiers will die
please support our president.
@sethischill
Investigates, do your job!
hmmmm Interesting how ur backers r lefties!  Time to call u what u really r!  U r a left wing HACK!
You need to support OUR choice ... President Trump. Stop your obstructionist ways. #MAGA
McCain why are you supporting Deep State traitors trying to overthrow our elected president and start war with Russia?
the more you disagree the more the Democrats win
Thank you, Senator.
By not supporting a bipartisan investigation into trump& Co, you are committing treason against America.
You Support Trump Are you nuts? #Treason #LockHimUp #DoYourJob
Thank you for opposing this nomination
the man's a draft dodger and you believe he cares about vets? SAD
Please re-consider. Dem are obstructionists rt now. You need to be Republican. Mulvaney will follow DJT. on Military
where are you? One day I'm praising you for having convictions and the next I'm cursing your name for Devos. Now this.
Just saw you on MSNBC and your Still that loose cannon you were in 1967. Have you not learned anything?
Your worse than the Congressman you criticized back in 67. Your stuff still stinks.
I want to thank you for the courage, strength, & dignity with which you defy partisanship & stand up for what is right
-How can you support the Saudi's but have a real hate for Russia-they are both equally bad. I am sure there is a reason
-Were you one of the ones trying to have General Flynn removed? He was a Great American..you sir are a TRAITOR! NEO-CON
every thing you do is because you're a #never Trump a-hole. We know it! Only you believe Isis is our friends.
Please investigate ,did Trump betray our country because he is owned by the Russians
thank you! Now we need a bipartisan independent investigation into the Trump Administration's Russian connection.
Thank you for set a model for our kids. You give Americans hope for our future.
Thank you, Sen McCain, for your integrity. Americans deserve the truth from Trump.
POTUS IS A DANGER TO US ALL!! PLEASE INVESTIGATE
Soros Inc.Obama minions,plan coup against President Trump,targeting Republicans,insider .GOV Staff plan Political espionage
Thank you Sen McCain!  Senior citizens thank you for supporting Medicare!
mulvaney is a good honest congressman that's what you hate honesty
You said the secret word...#Russia.  #testtrumpslove
AZ Native Americans could use some support for Cancer Clinic in Tuba City. Navajo/Hopi Foundation. You Forget us?
So much pain & bloodshed can be prevented, if pro-war lobbyists like @SenJohnMcCain weren't in politics. @POTUS
you....Sen McCain, that makes NO sense!   Please get on board!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain and @SenatorDurbin. Please ask @SenDuckworth to join you in opposing Mulvaney. #standindivisible
Keep fighting the good fight Senator McCain, I'm glad the West still has you. Get Putin out of the US!
please also oppose Pruitt to head the EPA. You live in a beautiful state and I worry what damage Pruitt might do to it.
Wouldn't call u an expert with the horrible job u did with the VA
BOO to military build up.   Enough WAR already, damn it.
Ummm... hello?! RUSSIA?!?! We thought you were going to #MakeAmericaAmericaAgain! 
Wow, where are your balls?
you should not post about anything else until you announce a formal investigation into Flynn & why he was NOT fired.
we don't agree on all issues but as a military expert I appreciate you taking a stand against this bananas admin & job pics
Why cant you just stand up for something as an American, a Veteran, or God damned man. Why does the Republican party own you?
What R U doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!
where were you for Devos? You vote against someone because they are not eager to start another war. Nothing but contempt 4 u.
you mean the Russian military? #impeach
Ok, that's great. 2% of voters know what OMB does. But Russia though.
Because of Americas commitment to education you should've opposed DeVos. Smh
thankyou.We are now clearly seeing the risk of trump that we all feared. We need your leadership-help save America.
Thank u for your leadership to determine the facts driving the White House
do u support @POTUS commitment to Russia too?
Give me a break. The only thing POTUS is committed is his wallet.
Shame on you. #countryfirst
you'll roll over, as usual. I've lost all respect for you!
I can't wait to find out what you're afraid of & what you're hiding. Something's strange about your opposition to @POTUS.
thanks for your hard work Sen McCain.
What is wrong with you? American citizens have voted.  Get on board or get out of the way.
Senator McCain, I didn't vote for you but I respect you. Congratulations on doing right thing, I know it's not easy.
There's a Russian battleship off our coast, fighter jets buzzed our ship, missile fired=NOTHING DONE #INVESTIGATETRUMP
#maverick
Thank you, Sen McCain for standing up for what you believe and against people and policies that make our country weak.
YOU HAD A KISS FROM ASHTON CLOSE TO VALENTINE'S DAY...CONGRATULATIONS TO BOTH OF YOU!
Please continue to unveil the complete truth about Russia's dealings with Trump's team. Your legacy, Sir!
you're worried about a Russian influence ? Where are you with the Iranian influence running the last administration?
i read how you went to the ukraine and overthrew a legitimate elected government,you watched
Really, after his insults towards you as a #POW? All of you who support #Trump are complicit and will share in his demise.
Thank you for opposing OMB Director
Sessions was part of the campaign when they were engaging in conversations with Russia-call for a bipartisan investigation
and his commitments to Russia? Do you support those? #draintheswamp
Meh, I'm sure the replacement will be just as awful & incompetent. Incompetency is the hallmark of Trump's admin.
I really am disappointed in ur lack of action in helping President Trump.As a voter in Az we elected u to do ur job.
the potus needs to be committed!! Impeach!
I use to respect you but now it seems each day your just an attack dog - disgusting - why did I vote for you?
Why?
he belittled you, the generals & the intelligence agencies. Likely colluded with and never speaks negative of Russians
will you please take over? We need military strength and leadership now more than ever seems with Russian boats off the coast
who nominated him?
why must you always try to be the smartest man in the room.. your not. Try to be a loyal republican
Good call
insist that a non-partisan special investigator be appointed to illuminate any ties of the POTUS to Russia!!
And they should go back and investigate Obama/Clinton deal to sell uranium to Russia. #MAGA
No, because you claim to dislike pork until it's your ox being gored. Hypocrite.
Are you for boots on the ground in Northern Syria?
please oppose Pruitt as well
you need to retire. Wth thanks & respect you've quit listening to voters. If they had competition u wouldn't be there
he hasint stoped listening to me,mc cain you are a shill for soros,you have commited treason
Good...but can do even BETTER for USA!
Amen #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #resist #Indivisible @CitizensFedUp @PrincessBravato @lillith6 @MMFlint @RBReich @CNNPolitics @MMFlint https://twitter.com/thedailyedge/status/832005423569985536 …
I respect your decision. Please advocate for full investigation of our President.
Thank you for your unwavering support for our military as always Senator.
you suck john!!!!!!!!!
Please investigate USSR election tampering and prosecute Dems/Republicans that betrayed America. It's your duty.
.Sen i voted for you. come out more forcefully that the whitehouse is compromised, forget party.Commi have keys to our systems
