Senator John McCain , Why do I have to die? #Trumpcare #Ryancare #Couponcare
Senator John McCain , Why do I have to die? #Trumpcare #Ryancare #Couponcare
Attention Serial Killers.

Here is a chance to be really popular.
Back off Mccain, he has already declared he will vote against it
Nope
Why keep kicking someone thats on your side, Go after the rest of these nutcases
My post is not meant to condemn; but coax. McCain is on McCain's side. It's legacy time and he wants to mitigate his past political damage.
Dear Senator , what is Trump trying to say .. that he wants a war.   HELP . GET RID OF HIM . All he wants is death and destruction ...
What about these Navy incidents?
.... what I'm hearing is BIG GOVERNMENT
The only thing I want to see you do is repeal Obamacare. You promised, now you are betraying the trust of those who voted for you.
Thank you for the link. Please vote no on the health care bill. You saved so many with your last vote, so please vote no again. 
Healthcare? How are you voting? Will you &  @JeffFlake ignore your constituents again? Vote no.
#noGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyNO #SaveACA #SaveOurCare #ProtectOurCare Millions will DIEw/o HEALTCARE slowly, horribly. #FBR #TheResistance
Please Senator, I'm begging you, vote no on the healthcare bill.  I just finished radiation for breast cancer. This bill could kill me.
Regular order! Your only concern should be your word, not deadlines!
Do not let these corrupt politicians steal our healthcare.Do the right thing.
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
Please vote no on the Graham - Cassidy bill !
Watch you? Hell no. Go away.
Please help return the Senate to regular order - health care legislation needs to go through committee and not rushed through!
Please do not let this horrible health bill pass. You will be taking away health care from the neediest.  Please, let's work together .
INCIDENTS AT SEA? THEY ARE SHOWING WHAT HAPPENED AT YOUR HANDS ON THE FORRESTALL? YOU KILLED 137 SAILORS YOU DRUNK SONGBIRD!
They're reviewing you hot dog plane crash on the aircraft carrier. Hope you have to pay for that one! #rino
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Your constituents are counting on you
Son of Cain
You should be willing to extend the same privilege of healthcare to Americans that you enjoy yourself
U people r deplorable allowing the idiot threaten nuclear war on a Korea at UN meeting! Do something about him & stop trying to take HC away
Start tweeting about how you are going to PROTECT people from losing their healthcare, how you are going to stand up and do the RIGHT thing!
Senator McCain vote against this new attempt.  You knoe people with prexisting condition should not be put to death
Please don't vote for ACA repeal. This one's worse than the one you went to great lengths to vote against. Defend health care for millions.
Senator McCain we're counting on you once again to save the lives of millions by voting no on this pathetic bill.
Leave your position you've shown your not worthy of the it.
Respectfully,
FSF
From what I hear you need to take a hard look at the PACFLEET crew and vessel certification process.
In order to address the financial situation of the navy's needs, an audit will be necessary to do it objectively.
Bla bla bla
This tweet goes to show only thing that matters to John McCain is John McCain! He is your President start acting like it!
@SenJohnMcCain thank you for doing the right thing, even when it means going against your party.
Pls vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Continue to be mavericky!
https://amp.azcentral.com/amp/678704001  - you should read this!  Please don't kill millions of people!
Nope watching our President, not you!
Shut up McCain @potus is speaking to U.N. General assembly!
Also live Trump just threatened to annihilate NK. I hope both Navy and McCain are watching this
In the name of the people and Constitution of the US, the military deserves our full support, but damn it kill the Graham bill first. Need U
Hows your insurance working for you?
I remember a Navy safety stand down when they lost aircraft. They went out & played golf.

Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Please vote NO on that heartless disastrous health bill!

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Hey John, we could sure use your help on this Graham/Cassidy bill. I know he's a friend of yours, but this bill doesn't help America.
Thank you for your service to our country, you are a true hero, please do not vote to end ACA.
Sir we need your help again. Please vote no again for repeal ACA
All well and good but don't forget Americans need and deserve good healthcare covering pre exsisting conditions
Vote NO on Trumpcare!  Do the right thing!
Nope more important things to watch at the moment like the POTUS.  Not something you should have been dealing with the last 8 years.
Retire old man
How many jet jocks ever almost sank a carrier? That's right no admiral daddies to cover for them. Self reflect Brutus, RETIRE, fade away.
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy!  So much to worry/focus on @GOP!  This is NOT normal.  Wishing you strength and clarity Sen McCain.
Why are you"ok" w/a bill denying treatment for pre-existing conditions and pregnant women? Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Fine but we're all under great right here at home with an unscored partisan healthcare. Step up.
Why are you, who are fighting cancer yourself, "ok" w/a bill denying other cancer patients ongoing treatment. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. It is heartless.  Do the right thing again Senator.
Is this true that under 'Trumpcare', people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage?
Thanks for this link.  Also, please do not vote for or support Graham-Cassidy. You know it's wrong.
Why are you ok with a bill that would deny vets w/pre-existing conditions like PTSD ongoing healthcare? VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy
Vote against Graham-Cassidy.  The people who died in those incidents, while tragic, are already gone.   Your duty is to the living.
Liked your last vote on health care. Keep up the great work.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
Of course we need to find out, we lost honorable service men. But healthcare bill will harm more. Vote no if you care about America so much.
Please say NO to the Graham /Cassidy bill. Please!
I hope you show your concern for Vets by voting NO on this abomination of a healthcare bill. Don't turn your back on millions of people.
No man left behind.McCain you help to bury evidence of soldiers left behind in Vietnam.Who needs enemies with a coward like you.
Traitor!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy. No cbo score. No bipartisanship. No business as usual. That means a no vote
happening now trump is rambling on reading from a TelePrompTer at the UN while other leaders pretend to care
I pray the $7,ooo,
Will the 7 billion help. Because my social security check doesn't last to buy groceries to the end of the month .
Senator M dont cave on the CG bill - vote no ! This one is worse than the one u voted against .
Will u be providing entertainment during the intermission Songbird? Sorry pathetic worthless RINO!!! MAGA TRUMP 
you need to keep your promise on healthcare- not just vote for a bad bill because of the governor. YOU of all people should know.
Get to the bottom of this to many lives gone for no reason
you guys need water traffic controllers
John, your nation needs you to come through one last time and prevent this abomination of a healthcare bill. Please do the right thing.
What about equifax ? Richard Clarke warned us!
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Did you know that the FDA IS knowingly killing us . Ex: Cancer, Obesity Sugar diabetes and heart disease.
