Today our govt is pleased to announce support for legislation+sanctions against human rights abuses+foreign corruption #S226 #cdnpoli /2
You better be careful, or Russia will sanction you.   Oh I forgot.   They already did that
Wake up he does care about you or our Constitution.
No he doesn't!!!
Yes, "no he doesn't" care about you nor the Constitution
McCain does not care about you or the constitution !
McCain was willing to sacrifice his life for you and the Constitution in the time of war. What have you done for your fellow countrymen?
I joined the military and fought for my country too! McCain is a traitor!!!
Just because someone has a different view in life doesn't make that person a traitor nor does it make him wrong. Prove him wrong.
Thank you for your support, Senator @SenJohnMcCain
Also, the world is expecting the senate &D government of Canada 2pass DBill s-219 &2 sanction #Iran regime 4grave violating the #HumanRights
@NabilaHaniss no plz we don't want  We have enough with our corrupt govt traitors & hypocrites here!
thanks Senator! Also, Canada would be glad to see the US become less racist, give its ppl healthcare and have police shoot ppl less
If this wasn't so painful I'd laugh. You've abdicated and allowed it all in this administration.
when will we have a law that protects democrats from violence? Hate crimes and lies
When will dems stop lying .
Never... They are allergic to the truth and are rotten to the core. If you remember they denied GOD at their Convention.
What I heard and saw at the dems convention, shocked me and I realized they were no longer the real democratic party I knew
You're a traitor to this country and our @POTUS! Please go to Canada, they could use a good traitor there. #songbirdmccain #RINO!
@batterman_terri Glad 2C U've been hangin back&hangin out watching main stream media&CANADIAN GOVT NEWS?!At least ur stayin out of POTUS way
Thank you Senator McCain for making sure Magnitsky is never forgotten.
At least we have an example of a coutry that cares ouirs not so much
Trump's problem is he does not know right from wrong. Not sure McConnell (or Ryan) does either.  My prayer is that you do. 
Can't you just retire for the Swamp.  Ever heard  " quite while you're ahead "
Stop attacking our elected President! You are not a Republican and do not represent us. You will create the worst civil we have ever seen
I beg you John please retire!!!!!
SenJohnMcCain McCain,You are overdue, time to support your president #johnmccain #sethrich #russia
Ridiculous politicians need to go Call your Senators 202-224-3121
Tell them to support Our President #Johnmccain #sethrich #rusia
Erdogan by ordering purposely his thugs to beat peaceful protesters in US.Its really a political message to the americans.He challenges them
Benedict Arnold was a way better person than you John McCain
Sad but you can't even get the Administration you endorsed to stand up for human rights. You are part of the problem party, not a solution.
ISN'T IT ABOUT TIME YOU RETIRE?
Resign.
Retire you are not a GOP
Remember that McCain sent an aide in a Jet to bring the Fake Trump Dossier. Arizona conservatives REMOVE McCain in 2018. He's a TRAITOR!
The DNC/Clintons cooked up the Russian BS to distract from the fact that they killed Seth Rich for leaking their emails to Wikileaks.
McCain is another example that military service doesn't guarantee a good Senator. He's no better than John Kerry. Drain the swamp!
Who are you to condem human rights abuses when you openly accept money from Saudi to the #McCainInstitute? Shame on you!
You are corrupt
Gretings from Poland. Kiss our....
Trump trusted you?
Foreign corruption? Sounds like the US under Trump
Sell out
But Canada doesn't take us seriously anymore when it comes to defending against "human rights abuses & corruption".  Not w/Trump et al.
Truth.
It's official! Snowflakes & Deplorables both agree on something. McCain MUST GO! McCain despised by everyone. Way to unite our country!
You are a disgrace to this nation,just be a dem already,take off your mask.(my POTUS is amazing in every aspect @realDonaldTrump )
We want you to back Trump.
McCain never sees these tweets.  Has minions do ALL his work, Including govt business. McCain is likely the leak to fake news.
Glad to see you horrible Republicans reaping what you've sewn. #TrumpRussiaCollusion will bring you liars to your knees
And he has failed to support this Pres or prior Rep Presidents not because he wants to be independent but because he is a tool of the elite
Sen Mccain has fought against what is best for America and has been responsible for damage beyond belief.  He has been responsible for leaks
The Republican Party needs to demand that Sen Mccain be stripped or all leadership roles inside the party and demand he leave the party asap
That's funny.......
Focus: USA
Why don't you move to Canada. Traitor.
The embarrassment to this Country is you and the press!! Not ONE thing President Trump has done.........
Senator McCain, it is time Ameticans stand behind our elected president,  Donald TRUMP.  I cannot ask more of any Republican holding office.
If you continue your negative attitude then you are supporting total anarchy for America.  The Democrats and media  are  corrupt.
You know what I would be glad to see.  You retire/resign effective immediately.   Your nothing but an obstructionist 4 the Republican Party
Nobody gives a crap what you think anymore ! Retire.
Rino John.
U and the media and the Trump haters and all Democrats should be ashamed at how u have treated our president whether u like him or not
Buzz off
Your boss welcomes authoritarians with open arms and now THIS? WTF? IS THIS AMERICA?
Just an Erdogan bodyguard choking an American woman on US soil. Normal day in @realDonaldTrump's America. 
Middle East terrorism export a human rights violation? Yet, still able to buy arms from the country they attacked on 9/11?
Middle East buy US largest oil refinery? What is being done to discourage Middle East terrorism export & their quest for Islamic domination?
Can u imagine u as Pres? Hufta that would b horrific & finally doing something great, I wanna congrats u on Making Schumer great!
Who needs schumer if we have crazy delusional MCCAIN
Absolutely
Why dont you just become a Democrat. You would be a better fit there
I wish the people of Arizona would vote this liberal , lying so called republican out .He is a disgrace .
Couldn't have said it better myself
Congrats Canada. Great job.
They may put sanction on us for not have insurance that protect all us in the United State
Wish the US could do some good things. :(
Finally, a republican worthy of respect! Thank you Sen. McCain
Is that a joke? You're bringing in refugees who commit human rights violations against women, children, non believers, LGBT's.
Canada has their act together.
WORRY ABOUT YOUR COUNTRY NOT EVERYONE ELSE'S HELP THE VA IN ARIZONA
I hardly think the country w/ the most prisoners on earth qualifies as an authority on human rights abuses. Not to mention the poverty.
Speaking of corruption ...
Really gotta sting for all you #Trumprussia colluders, truth is coming out and you will go down in disgrace
Demo little johnny has his nose everywhere but Az. Oh right...the indians want your head..better stay in your safe space TRAITOR
SenJohnMcCain if u honor yur oathofoffice believe in ruleoflaw & constitution WHY r you undermining our govt>country pushing globalization?
Try learning the Constitution and the responsibilities of all 3 branches of our government before making any more foolish comments.
For the first time in 54 years as a human I'm jealous of Canadians.
Please change your status to a D. If your not going to back the party, it would be best, have a great day
Please change your status to "sheep." I will gladly watch you mindless sheep as you all walk over a cliff following that dimwit.
Yeah, I think Canada is callin' ya, Johnny boy...maybe time to move to a new venue where your liberalism is greatly accepted.
McCain is so horrible I wish he would get out of our Republican he is a disgrace. Hate hate hate him
Show them lack of Christian values

Hmmm, so I guess POTUS will be talking to Saudi about their human rights abuses. Maybe over coffee with Omar al-Bashir?
Now if only we endorsed heath care from Canada instead of denying care to millions.
Senator! With what's happening in our country, why are you tweeting about Canada? Rid our country of this traitorous administration!
His country is North Vietnam always has been. He is no hero he is a TRAITOR
Try supporting our Constitution above all else.
Loosing words to describe my disgust with your seditious actions. You have shown poor judgement through out your career and have no loyalty.
Well said
That is your takeaway from today? Really? Let me know when you pop back up for air.
What about Erdogan attacking US citizens on our soil? Is this ok? Turkey pissed on your service to our constitutional rights ON OUR SOIL
Please save our country!
The price of being photojournalist in Iran ,my noise was broken in Iran political jail..
Got something to say to you! #MAGA #draintheswamp #usa #rino!
The value of anything the UN does should ever be taken seriously...
Mr Maccain you are a disgrace and should be voted out of  office!
I agree!!!
I find your lack of action re: Trump wait for it.... "very troubling"
 after turkey president had his thugs beat Americans yesterday on American soil you think Canada wants to be us?
THANK OBAMA. 8 YRS OF HIS COWARDICE ALL OVER THE WORLD.
When does this get applied to Saudi Arabia? Or maybe women aren't humans? 
Well said not to mention the mutilation of young girls in our country they are ignoring
Who would you rather have as President?
McCain is a Russian agent, covering for Trump right now
You should push your party to form a select committee before this gets worse.  It's never done getting worse.
Deport Trump
