When will you go? Cant wait to see you six feet under.
Have respect for a HERO. HE SERVED WITH HONOR
I have respect for his service. I am disgusted with how he helped Trump get elected. I don't want to see him dead.
He voted his party lines.idisagree with his Republican lines,I'm independent
Yeah, he did.  There comes a time when ethics take precedence, and I hope that time is now because Trump just can't do the job.
So sad to hear about this. Our Code Talkers are responsible for so many saved lives and successful actions. Blessings & free spirit!
I will bet $1000000 Donald Trump has no clue who David Patterson is..
I bet #DontheCon has no idea who Navajo are or what the code talkers did. Most ignorant .@potus in history & chooses to remain that way
A man who has no respect for history cannot lead a nation like United States of America.
What about "Indigenous Day " instead of columbus day?????? Since the S.W. is native country??????!!!!!!!!!

The original rapists and killers of America: indigenous People
100 times worse than Columbus ever dreamed of
SA-Looot
BS!
Block this dolt
Who?
Dknt rememberr his name, I blocked him. Trump troll
Wow I hadn't even heard that on the news . its always all about the Asshole & chief ...very sad indeed Rest in Peace David P
David Patterson was a true patriot and honored his Navajo heritage and his country, America! God Bless him always!
Indeed. They we're once forbidden to speak their native tounge,  Then it was that language that help win WWII. These heroes need statutes.
Agreed! I'm pleased to tell you these statues exist. One such statue is in Window Rock, AZ.
Thx for your recognition of this solid American.  This is genuine patriotism.
May he rest in peace!
So true
Wind talkers !
Mind boggling stuff !
You should be even more saddened by the passing of your dignity. 
You officially became a PUPPET of Dotard Trump after your stadium stunt.
Fake news!
May he Rest In Peace.  He certainly deserves to after serving our country.
Navajo Code Talkers put themselves at mortal risk in Pacific hastening Japanese 
end game and saving our lives
Let us remember the contributions of Americans from all backgrounds.
Very appropriate on, "National Indigenous Peoples Day" 
I thought liberals welcomed all immigrants? Columbus was the original immigrant, he was the first of millions. Cake and eat it too much?
You wouldn’t know a hero if he bit you on the ass, McCanary.
You are NOT a HERO !
You never have been.
It'd sure be nice to see Donnie mention David, or the four soldiers killed in Niger, rather that obsess about "fake news" and the NFL.
Amen!!
David Patterson RIP SIR,Thankyou for your service.Semper FI MARINE
So many heroes. Brave fighters in WW2
Praying for you sir...GodBless you and your family. Thank you for your service!!
RIP Mr. Patterson thank you for your service.
I’m a Member of the Navajo tribe so was Mr. Patterson I believe
Let’s go LA finish this!
And congress has done so much for our Indian nations over the years.  I've been to wounded knee, it saddened me.
@Sad that @realDonaldTrump don't recongize this as fact... When Newton Minow is concern about @realDonaldTrump, We all should be worry.
Oh no! Very sad. End of a legacy. May he rest in peace.
Did you know code talkers go back to WWI, and was started by the Cherokee & Choctaw peoples? Nearly 100 years of service to our nation!
The world was made a better place because of the unique talents of David Patterson & the other men of the Navajo Code Talkers. RIP
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_talker …
Prayers to Patterson and his family. A great loss to the nation he served!
The nation owes him a great deal.
Brave men who served a country that showed them very little love
Saddened by the passing of a true hero.
An incredible story, theirs. May he find rest.
Absolutely

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
Thank you for sharing this sad information. I hope you are feeling well. Sending good thoughts your way.
My his spirit travel to and from.
Why, you would have just Songbird him ....the Navajo Nation hates you!
as we are to you, sir!
Killing Muslims in Bosnia
One of the most unappreciated group of people around, along with the Tuskegee airmen. Their contributions to the U.S. are huge?
Question mark a mistake!!!
@jaketapper thank you for remembering him Senator!
May he Rest In Peace
A hero recognizes a hero.  Thank you, Senator McCain.  You both embody what has made, still makes, and will make America great. Service. 
"American POW's aren't war hero's bc they got caught"

Signed,

@realDonaldTrump 

It's time to #ImpeachTrump
Hey look! A truly compassionate person! You don't expect to find it in the GOP, but here we are.
Dear @Sen.John McCain doing the @Potus'  job!  Sad.
True heros in the greatest sense of the word …
Thank you for calling this sad moment to our attention. I wonder how many know 1 of the men depicted in the Marine Memorial was a Navajo
Ira Hayes.
All of our law abiding indigenous groups we need to honor and especially those historically who went above the call of duty in a word Amen
Thank you for sharing this sad news...Thanking you for your service David Patterson. RIP
RIP Navajo Code Talker — The mountains, I become a part of it  The morning mists, the clouds, the gathering waters, I become a part of it.
Above is a Navaho proverb.
As we are indebted to you
Is he the last Navajo Code talker? May he rest in peace.
How come RINOS suckle at the Globalist Cuck?
Oh, Gee Whiz...you opened up your brain long enough to memorize an asinine Pro-Trump catch phase. Woo Hoo!
RINOS SUCK
Another Brilliant Retort...Multiply it by 2 and it might approach your IQ.
When differences were at least recognized for their value. Well after we killed and displaced millions. And yet they served. Take a knee.
Well said Julie !
Thank you Senator for acknowledging this hero. My ex wife and son are Navajo. The code talking contributions during WW2 can’t be understated
Also saddened that you’re still in power.
Condolences to Patterson's loved ones. He served our country with pride and honor.
THANK U SIR FOR YUR SERVICE TOO MAY DAVID PATTERSON NAVAJO CODE TALKER REST N PEACE THK YOU 2 HIS FAMILY FOR SHARNG HIM W US FOR HIS SERVICE
I wish our country knew more about these folks.
Sen McCain- this is what leadership looks like- thank u for steady attn to what is relevant n meaningful
These men were truly amazing Navajo was the only code never to be broken in WW2 each one are hero's
I saw a documentary about them years ago. Remarkable.
R. I. P. David Patterson
Very nice tribute to David Patterson. Now where's so called 'president' Trump's recognition of this hero? Oh wait, he's not white enough.
RIP David Patterson.  An American hero.
Thanks John! We count on you every day. Best of luck for the future. Never change!!
Senator, we may disagree on certain policy issues, but you are a good man. For that, I have tons of respect for you.
NCT David Patterson. HERO. Turned the tide in WW11. R.I.P. These servicemen were amazing patriots.
#CodeTalkers were not recognized for their invaluable service until most were deceased, decades after service.
Thank you Sir, we appreciate your voice in the troubled times.
Thank you Senator for caring about others.
HOW DISINGENUOUS after you sold their sacred lands at #OakFlatsNation to foreign miners. @NativeNationsLS @NNNnativenews @NativeTimes
RIP#AJ
Too bad @SenJohnMcCain  will be kneeling in protest of putting a Flag on Patterson's coffin instead of standing!!
Remember USS FORRISTAL
Thank you for honoring him, Sen. McCain
See spoken like the true war hero u r.
Bury him at Arlington National Cemetary...He's a Hero!
David Patterson yes.  Crappy pilot not so much.  Disgrace m
John, I know you’ve got a lot to deal with, but help keep this madman from starting WWIII to distract from Russiagate.
Let's change Columbus Day to David Patterson Day. Or Navajo Code Talker Day.
They stayed true to the flag in the shirt
God bless this man and his family . Today the world lost a man with only good in his heart and for our country like the man I married .
There is no need for funeral expenses though because that is one thing covered with honor Trump can’t touch.
Why couldn’t you have been our President? I’m not a Rep but I respect  you regardless of particular party lines we’re in!
You’re such a Honour to our country John McCain,thank you for your service!
Bless him, and bless you - one of the last leaders on nat'l stage using social media to promote others instead of yourself. Quaint. Strong.
He was a hero, you are an American hero, now step up and fight for us, so that our country may survive this  presidency. Lives are at stake
Thank you for your grace & calm, service & strength during our storm. Our nation is forever indebted to you.
You know, this is a tweet a president should make. Not whatever the fuck else he is doing.
R.I.P hero.
I'm in tears. Thank you for posting.
We are in debt to you also sir and we hope you are well sir
Does Donald even know that we used men like this in the war? They like you are all HEROS! Not draft dodging loud mouths like the POTUS.
Perhaps a statue in his honor - telling that story - is a statue / memorial everyone would support?
Sadness sets in.
Don’t agree w/ all ur policies but I respect u...thanks for being a true hero thanking this WWII hero...Trump is too busy taking IQ test!
They were real heros. Not a traitor like you John McCain
He Should He 
Always 
Talks In Code
Senator, time to get to work on taxes and healthcare.
Senator you need to join forces with the rest of the sane  members of the GOP. Your party is going the way of the Whigs
And what does the president do? Declare oct 9 Columbus Day......
All good men who protected our country through terrible wars, will be remembered in the hearts and minds of American people who understand their sacrifices.
RIP my brother.
The nation will never be indebted to you john #SONGBIRD mccain.
Can you let trump know that the Navajo are Americans? Just so he doesn't try to throw them out of the country, too? Thanks
Unlike the loser POW John McCain .....turned snich for favors. ......
Thank you for honoring him and the Navajo Code Talkers. This history exemplifies how America’s diversity is a strength.
Was it Navajo code talk when you promised your constituents over 100 times you would repeal Obamacare?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Embarrassingly tone deaf. Take a break for five minutes
Thank U for showing U love ALL Americans. Now get Ur fellow @GOP 2 stop the #TrumpIsAMoron from doing more harm
#StandUpToTrump
It would have to happen on Columbus Day of all days. RIP sir
My prayers are with the family
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump will be tweeting his respects soon. 
You may have to explain this to your boss with pictures.
Thank you for remembering.
Absolutely! Rest In Peace patriot!
And you.
He was the hero john mccain never was!
2 Canadian WW2 heroes who beat the crap out of a far right extremist Nazi on D-Day just up off Juno Beach.
Thank you @SenMcCain for this tweet. Now how about impeaching 45?
Hate to tell U but UR girlfriend, Lindsay, is two-timing u with 45 today while u are faking sorrow for this man.
I know the family and will be sure to pass on your regards. Thank you.
We used to fight Nazis. Now we have one in the White House. Do something before it is too late.
And this what crack will do to you.
RIP SIR!
Aho Mitakuye Oyasin (Lakota)
How blessed were we?
Hi sick vomiting from smoke from 14 fires ignited last night 1500  homes destoyed. All wineries bankruptcies coming Northern ca devastating
We all bring unique talents to our country. Many thanks to the Navajo and all others who have served
Safe travels Sir.
To our many Native American heroes we applaud and salute you.
A hero!
Thank You, SIR.
An American Hero !!
RIP he helped save many lives
Hey I bet you're all broke up about it . . . . . .  what a Fake Phony Fraud how you've been able to pull 1 over on Arizona is beyond me !
Yeah, we'll need them for WWIII...oh wait...no we won't. Nukes don't speak in code.  I pray the first one lands on the White House.
Faith got you through so much. Trump and the rest of the Congressional Republicans need to get off of their fear train, and promote faith.
It's sad to see a nation live by so much fear instead of faith in God to do the right thing, when He sends Christians to comfort fearfulness
I fail to comprehend why Congressional Republicans can be such hypocritical pharisees who hate on Christians they profess to support.
The illegal Catholic Christian Latinos within our nation attend church far more regularly than most Americans. Yet, Trump deports them.
If I had it my way, I'd start a 'Christian War' against Donald J. Trump and his Wall supporters who hate illegal Catholic Christian Latinos
Good job you white folks didn't wipe out  the entire tribe then. Were they treated as heroes when they got back to the reservation?
Should be crosses along the U.S. - Mexico border, not a Wall. Christian Latinos surviving a desert are like Jews led by Moses, or even Jesus
And yet...
Hope you feel the best you can!

https://goo.gl/images/5mgFgQ 
Very sad indeed! Please Senator McCain, please help us stop this madman in the WH marching us to WW III
I teach bridge & use the ex. of the Code Talkers all the time. Extraordinary asset in WWII. May he rest in peace.
All but you
A real hero vs. what you are.  A traitor and a loser
Uhm, how about happy columbus day you fake republican
Trump will mock him
Thank you for acknowledging the passing of a fellow vet and hero. I wish POTUS & VP cared as much as we do. Best wishes for your health.
Soon they’ll all be gone. Sweet peace to them, every last one.
djt: Those code talkers have done an amazing job. Couldn't have done Bowling Green without them.
wind talkers
they can do that, still
do, still
I believe
Do Something!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh , I see RIP DAVID PATTERSON. Thank you for your much needed Service.
Yes we are. What happened?
Thank you for your leadership and your voice of reason.
Obvious pandering to #IndigenousPeopleDay  crap
Thank you Senator McCain for reminding us of their service....and yours!
Is this Newspeak from a traitor? I don't believe his sentiments for a second.
Your First Nation affairs should be looked at
Agreed.  Saw a documentary about Code talkers. Interesting. I had never heard about them in High School History.
Thank you Sen McCain. Each of these men were heroes indeed!
I'm sure #Dotard is making fun of him too. Sad! #Resist #Resistance #Moron
Thank you
I prefer heroes that spoke English.  J/k, I was just mimicking the biggest asshole on the planet
How could you then not value the sacred land in AZ??
I saw some of the history s Year Ago in Monument Valley Arizona RIP
Thank you for more kind words. I hope you are doing well.
Well said sir. Keep fighting....
I never knew the story until the movie Windtalkers. There are some in DC who could learn a thing or two by watching. You know who, right?
Thank you for remembering and honoring these amazing people.
Traitor
they’ve served this nation with bravery and honor.
I wish we did more than just remember our code talkers and native communities. Many are impoverished.
Something we can agree on
