PUTIN IS JUST AS RESPONSIBLE
You get my attention by being righteous and then vote nuclear option on Gorsuch...so much for our Constitution...
STANDING THERE TELLING OUR IDEAS TO A HATER! TRUMP IS SILENT & POWERFUL! U KNOW NOTHING....AND TIM KAINE HATES U.. WORK W/YOU, R U KIDDING!!
PRECISION- GUIDED MIDDLES FROM RUSSIAN JETS TO TARGET UNDERGROUND HOSPITALS!
Why. He's #veryfakenews
John  McCain And The USS Forrestal Fire
http://www.trionfopublishing.com/cache/john_mccain_and_the_uss_forrestal_fire.htm …
Sen, is it true? u were responsible for this?
USA  MUST LEAD
THE #LEFTWING new love for #Neocons and the #deepstate
John McCain is all about war for profit.
PEACE THRU STRENGTH
INCREASE SANCTIONS
ARM UKRAINIANS WITH WEAPONS 
                THAT WILL ENABLE THEM TO PROTECT THEMSELVES
Youve spent decades in DC doing nothing but living off American tax payers, war mongering, and pandering to MSM talking points.
@NBCNews Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushed Israel Lobby plan vs #Syria with Jew @ChuckTodd on @MeetthePress http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
MCCain is a Warmonger!!!
Senator McCain thank you for bringing up the point that the Chemical weapons were supposedly removed #MAGA
NO FRIEND OF YOURS....SERIOUSLY!
UPDATE
MORAL COMPASS,,,REMOVAL OF CHEMICALS,,,
Who couldn't trust those beady little eyes?
Look at what happened in Iraq, Afganst in U.S. nation building effort's. Bedside That %100 Agree with you. And the missel strikes.
Sen, when u gonna talk abt Saudi crimes in Yemen, ISIS crimes in Iraq,Syria, supported by ur Saudi friends?
Syria or Russia?
And don't forget today's assault on democracy.
You seem to be blinking a lot. Apparently people do that when they are lying #NoWarWithSyria
In January, Susan Rice Assured NPR the Obama Admin Removed Chemical Weapons From Syria.  Yes, THAT Susan Rice.
Outstanding Senator!  Props to you on handling this interview!  See we can count on you when is counts!  Salute!
The chemical attack in Syria was a god send for Trump. He will play it big and brag, brag that he is a fearless leader. Crap!
You are now irrelevant with your aye for the nuclear option. Party over country.
Please retire old man. You need to ride away into the sunset.
I have lost all respect for you
You have given praise to POTUS for his bombing Syria while having dinner at his country club.  A lunatic is making life and death decisions
u r a #Warmonger Sen McCain-why did u sneak into Syria 2 meet w/#SyrianRebels-& now u support @POTUS/#hypocrite
You need to stop acting like a rogue president.
What were you doing, as a senator, over in Syria just before this attack?
Quit effing pushing the U.S. in a war mcstain.
You got your war... which service are your kids in again?
You cynically claim to care about children, damned liar! Take us into another war based on a lie. Senile old fool
It is time for US to fix the mess Obamas admin made it in the last of 8 years.
@POTUS please get rid of this globalist war-monger. Russia does not want war - don't let #songbird provoke war!
And now we spent 50 Tomahawks on Russian approved targets?
You lov the camera McCain you old man you like to open your mouth
America is the terrorist. How can we not be, we occupy more areas than the 'terrorists' do? We kill more people than the 'terrorists' do.
You are looking for any reason to go to war STOP we don't want to get knuked thanks!!
McCain you need to step back and keep your mouth closed
America should do something, but not alone!
John, you are a disgrace to your fellow veterans. Why do you put on the red coat and be done with it
Senator McCain. I'm a Democrat and see you as one of our greatest American heros. THANK YOU!!#CountryOverParty
You need treatment
McCain retirement is a good idea
Stay the hell out of Syria no American lives should be lost over that country
You are just no longer relevant.
Voted 4 Pres. Trump and 100% behind him. You, John McCain, are old news as well as all the other liars at MSNBC, ABC, CBS, CNN. Sore losers!
Hey Senator, where's the retweet of your vow not to take the Nuclear Option, no matter the cost?
What happened to u?U are to help your fellow republicans not promote war.Still butt hurt over the comment that hurt yr feelings?Get over it!
Don't follow this illegitimate president into war! Come on McCain. You are clearly bipolar and all over the map with this clown! 
Fake News orgs are your faves. Guess no one else listens.
Changing the rules of the Senate is horrific and undemocratic. We now have a corrupt Trump admin and a Senate of corrupt Republicans.
You totally lost my respect today.
YOU SHOULD TELL PRESIDENT TRUMP ASSAD USING CHEMICAL W ATTACK SYRIA JOHN
How come ever time McCain visits  Syria there's chemical weapons used a few weeks after he get back?
Another #SyriaHoax by McCain
DON,T YOU THINK YOU TOO OLD TALK ABOUT POLITICS ?
Got your face time again McShame?
DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD GO WAR WITH SYRIA USING CHEMICAL W ? YOU CAN SELL YOUR ARMS JOHN ?
Senator McCain. Please resign.
The US needs to take decisive action and take out #Assad's airforce and launch capabilities. The #AssadRegime needs to be shown true force
You're a hypocritical POS, John McCain.
Dear Senator McCain, please oppose Gorsuch confirmation. Wrong is wrong.
Which we have no doubt you sponsored, no one trusts you anymore, pretty obvious what you're up to. You will not succeed!
A learning experience at the expense of how many lives Mr McCain??
Why will the GOP not tell the American people just how concerned they are about Trump as our President? Trump is faking his way through this
Trump is an embarrassment  No one person has so quickly diminished the U.S. around the world as this Charlatan has. He has no clue of a clue
Please resign! No one cares what you have to say TRAITOR! We only care what our @POTUS has to say! We cannot continue to police the world!
How sad. He is the nancy pelosi of the right
@GorsuchFacts #complicit
Even though I'm a dem I used to respect you John but after today I have absolutely no respect for you at all. You need to be replaced
Moral responsibility to your F-ing red flag?! Take a hike scooter! Show proof an Not lies! There's other lifes here to consider u Warmonger
I hate you John
McCain you are just a war monger. And what if u are wrong ? Ok you hit Syria.. then what. Billions of $ spent & USA serviceman &women lives
shut up McCain.  Why don't you go ahead and move to the DNC.
Resign you warmonger!!
let's not blame this on Obama
Where were you when Mr. Obama asked congress to authorize military action on Aug 31, 2013?  Please back action to help Syrians this time
#AssadRegime didn't gas his people #Syriahoax you created moderate rebels..Your mistake was to let Muslims into USA that knew the truth
And I'm not even a Republican
I used to respect you.  Today you became a disappointment
It just shows especially when it's the only thing he gets excited for with Trump!
We must act agreed.
No need for a #House and #Senate if you can change the rules of the game and not represent #Americans #nuclear-option #gohome
why did you visit Syria a few weeks ago? strange
They don't have you calling it a false flag operation yet?
#IndictRice #FireComey #AvoidSyria
3) would get involved AS USUAL to regime change.This takes investigation off Trump to refocus.Or this could've been US-Trump sent 500 there!
Was he awake?
My guess is this is either ISIS that gassed&will be happy if we wipe out Syrian military so they move in OR Russia framing Assad knowing we
Why blame @realDonaldTrump for dead kids? Democrats gave gas to the rebels.
but numbskull, Assad didn't gas anyone. This is a white helmet attack. Inform yourself before libeling the president.
How do we know WHO did this?! could be Assad, ISIS or Russians. Doesn't mean fell from planes! Perhaps canisters atop bldgs to explode later
Do EITHER of them have security clearances?
Yeah you nailed it bud, Trump can make a name for himself. Its what they do with low approval ratings. So what if people die.
Just out curiosity is their a conflict in the world you don't think we should be involved in?
SincerelyAppreciate
Your speakingOut for #NoBombZone
2stop
#NerveGas
#ChemicalWeapons
Genocide
But its Step1

Step2 #StopTrumpRussia
Daily Reminder: You, sir, are NOT president. NOT Sec of Defense. Nada. Zilch. Nunca.
Horrible vote in Senate and my response - DISAPPOINTMENT IN YOU
When did Trump take your balls Senator?
You've lost all of the respect as a righteous man when you decided to be trumps fluffer.
#dishonestnewsmedia the only orgs interested in you so as  show you denigrating the #GOP with your rogue war monger idiocy. #TermLimits
Need to lock up McCain. Another false flag by neocon Globalists trying to start WWIII. Hope Trump is smart enough to know this
Big thing-the Constitution only says Men-the ERA still hasn't passed. How do we trust anyone who reads it literally? ANSWER That! #realnews
Rebels good. Rebels want caliphate. Rebels are religious.  Regime keeps religious crazies under control. Regime bad. McCain logic 101
You're supposed to lead us away from conflict, not into it.
Its horrible because its not Assad who gassed them.
And your plans for endless war are just wrong.
I don't regret supporting the man you were.
But I can't support the man you are now.

You lost my trust today. I expect Trump to lie. I didn't expect you to. You should have stood for something today. #resist bs
I am sick and tired of having to hear of how passive Obama was when Trump was critical of Obama for being in Syria. Bullshit on McCain.
Pres Trump will have to take action & since Russia there it's best 2 go 2 d @UN first right? I mean things get kind of tricky w/Russia 
Why Todd ? What is he ? what kind of authority does he command? No war with ME please. Leave them alone. Let their Allah take care
Military action against assad regime which killed 6.5 lakh civilians, is only way to close assad butcher house in Syria.
8
Acknowledged, Sen.John McCain
You stay out of it. #McCain has been bought and paid for so many times he is a swamp rat
Typical partisan shit with u. Blame Obama but neglect the FACT attack happened after #Trump reversed Obama policy that had Assad 2 leave.
Plus- McCain - you're a God Damn Fool. Just cause u were in Nam u don't need to drag us into Syria. Focus on Iraq, working with Russia.
it really is time for you to step back from your animosity to @realDonaldTrump. Stop acting like a prom queen runner-up!
just spoke? B. Obama was much better is cheap talks.
The camera lens-you live to get in front of a camera lens.
Retire
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
180 degree turn around if Trump now wants military action in Syria - & what allies would help, he's offended everyone except Russia.
I'm so sick over this.  Get the people running. You care?  The President does nothing because Putin
People like you are to make our lives better.  You ran for President?  You fight
Your vote today proved that you believe being a "War Hero" gives you a pass on ever being a hero again.  No need for political courage.
Assad's attack has everything to do with @realDonaldTrump appeasing him. Happened just hours ago.
You are nowhere.
This has nothing to Trump Obamass should have done something about it years ago when he first started but Obama is a terrorist and wants it
Mosul and Yemen civilians aren't important, they can't be used as a pretext for more U.S. wars. Vietcong made the wrong choice 50 years ago.
Lmao
I really wanna Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb ....bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb ....
Warmongering psychopath.
John McCain your the best Teedy Roosevelt is proud of you.
Yeah,,,then trump will send "Jared"
#DisgraceToRealPOWs
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
They both disgust me.
So your not just a RINO You need to change Party's only thing you like they don't is WAR!
Clinton wouldn't have eased up on Assad, we wouldn't be headed for war.
Doubtful she encouraged obama to intervene militarily
I'd worry more that ISIS doesn't do it here. We need to work with Russia let them deal with Assad in time.
.@SenJohnMcCainさん

Spoke with ◯◯ on ◯◯ about the horrific ◯◯ weapons attack in  & response

Thank you very much

@chucktodd @MeetThePress
