Respect your service and glad you made it out of Vietnam but sir it's time to retire !
senator McCain andGOP need to stop pouting and get off their gutless ass and start supporting our President vs the Democrats lies about him!
Oop-Rah
Yes,. That was quite a crash
Too bad Potus isn't concerned about this
Any thoughts on this.
I've been ready. I'm more than ready now. Release those tapes so his stupid followers will know the man they voted for is crazy.

Thank you John for mentioning this.. where's your President?
He acknowledged it Long before mccain did.
Thank you.. actually it was only a hour or 2 before... but I didn't see it
By most of the replies to this tweet looks like you have a Democratic following....#RINO
I'm so so sorry, my heart breaks for all....
May GOD continue to keep and protect them as they willingly and faithfully serve this Country that do not really appreciate their services
Thanks.
Mr.McCain.gute Mann.lieber maccain.alles d.t.
#WaterFlooded #USSFitzgerald w/ #NOWarning http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/there-wasnt-a-lot-of-time-as-water-flooded-us-destroyer-below-decks-1713948 … @ndtv #NOWarningSounded4CrewPrior2Crash #Murder #DrEd #ACXCrystal
Will you please start working with the republicans?

Thank you Sir. Trump has tweeted this morning about polls, no condolences 4 sailors or their families. Self absorbed twit.
Nothing from the President addressing these families tweeting about a fake poll smdh I
There is something tragically wrong here, Sen McClain. I hope this investigation is Quick and Deep. Negligence Kills. (I'm an old Navy OS)
Father, I pray Hope & comfort is provided in a way only You can. Penetrate the fear, manifest power. In Jesus name. Amen
I'm w/u, but when r u going 2 stand w/rest of USA & say no 2 AHCA & stop slow walking trumprussia investigation! PATRIOTISM NOT PARTY!
Right! They walked on Hillary because they didn't think there was enough to look at.  But keep digging on Trump for ever.
A happy and prosperous father day to all our brave military fathers home and abroad thanks a million for your service may GOD bless you all
Intentional accidents. Men who try to compete alongside Alpha Male without Alpha Male being aware.
The radarscreens of the destroyer would have helped more ....
Senator, please in sure those involved in this leadership failure are held accountable! This was 100% preventable, proper watch standers.
You're nothing but a phony pos...What have YOU done for our VETS all these years that you've been in the Senate? Wasting our tax money!
Old boy love how you cherry pick your "issues," like telling @SenKamalaHarris to be quiet, you kissing a grad, hide ACA reform & that's it
Eye on the ball, senator. We're counting on you to impeach Trump.
Good.  Hope you are not saying bad thinks about Trump this week-end
How about the families of children murdered by illegal immigrants are they in your ?prayers"? #BuildThatWall
@POTUS beat you to those exact words by 5 hours ago. Guess that shows who's focused on our brave troops.
Sorry, it's not a race
My heart goes out to those affected. How exactly in this day and age does that happen?
How about telling the President to fill vacant positions in Navy and ambassadors so we don't need to rely on divine intervention?
Only took you two days.
You are wonderful @SenJohnMcCain    My husband is a Navy alum and former sub officer. Keep up the good work.
Happy Fathers day!!!
Acknowledged; Sen.John McCain of Arizona, U.S. NAVY FITZGERALD, U.S. Armed Forces Strong
But not #PhiladoCastile's ?
How cowardly
Mr McCain.  Can you support Trump at all?  I hope not.  I give you so much respect just for 1 thing.  POW.  Plus you were so cute then.
Go back to sleep, Grandpa.  If only the Viet Cong had done us a favor.....
amen
All military and their families are in our prayers.
Save a few prayers for the 20 million+ Americans you're about to strip insurance coverage and Medicaid support from.
I'm ADD too.
We have lost so much respect for you. Think about that John... a lot of people have. Your people, John. You Quit.
Not worried about your 45... fuck I can't even utter the words... come on man!
Any updates?
Too bad your friend @realDonaldTrump hasn't said as much.
He did long before mccain
Careful, you will wear out your prayer rug traitor.
You pray ? I thought all Democrats were atheists?
He prays to his god, Satan.
Holding all in my prayers
Any word on the 7 sailors?
All of you War Criminals owe the families of Soldiers Billions.
No one's asking you too
