MQM and Altaf Hussain is working for terrorists and extremists,Altaf Hussain is an extremists but projecting himself as a moderate
Would expect much better from Mc Cain especially after Pakistan been fighting your Wars. Ungrateful guy now meeting terrorist groups sad
how many people in AZ have preexisting conditions? how can they pay rates that are 5x more? why? to give rich people more money? for what?
U pretend n claim 2 Fight Terrorists. Can you pls explain why U had a meeting with MQM London the terrorist group behind killings in Karchi
Senator MCCAIN how can you go along with this whitehouse mess. Aren't you ashamed of Trump and his family. They are disgraceful.
I'm concerned about my fellow vets??!! What about you??!!! #votevets #notrumpcare
Altaf Hussain is no more leader of MQM all the mandate of MQM is in Pakistan,whom is leading by MQM local leaders,MQM expelled Altaf Hussain
Altaf Hussain and his MQM is an organization of terrorists and nothing else,MQM is TTP ISIS type wing.
How many healthcare provider in the United States. They should provide coverage in all States.
If U @SenJohnMcCain had any respect 4 Pak Nation fighting terrorists U wouldn't be meeting an Indian Funded Terrorist group with no support!
MQM man Nadeem Nusrat met you and now he is using your pictures of meeting to create hate amongst the people for USA and for you.
No to that mean healthcare bill! Americans deserve better!
Altaf Hussain is an extremist in west dress internally he is much worst than TTP ISIS and Osama Bin Ladin
"Concerned". Hey, everybody!  John McCain is "concerned"!  Take cover!
most people in nursing homes are only able to afford it because of medicare. Where are they going to go? sick and senile in the streets? SAD
I will add this to the long list of things that concern you without inspiring you to take decisive action.
Please ,  have  have some humanity. Why are we unworthy of good , affordable healthcare? Think about what this bill will do to this country
You weren't elected to monitor the F35s, how about working for the people that voted for you. Fix the damn Healthcare.
BTW, I voted for Kelli Ward. Wish more people had.
No on #Wealthcare
I am a 62 year old grandma who will loose her insurance under this bill due to increased in premium cost. Please say no!!!
I see all your followers are liberals; that makes sense. #Traitor #TermLimits #SupportthePresident
Concerned you may support the destruction of coverage for the poorest and sickest Americans. Stop distracting and act. Yes = evil here, FYI
Please by more advanced f-18s
How does Soros feel about the F-35?
Please Retire.
@JeffFlake Arizona residents are concerned about the turd Mitch @SenateMajLdr just dropped on the Senate floor called #GOP #HealthcareBill
How about you & Jeff Flake focus on that for a moment.
George soros funds McCain
Stay out of the way. Or are you trying to cover something up? #termlimits
Over priced, under performed, guess that describes F-35 and John McCain.
U going 2 vote 4 insane healthcare bill Senator? U going 2 betray American people 4 Kochs & their ilk? You going to help destroy democracy?
Yeah.  Make sure those worthless jets fly. Who cares if they kill the pilots. Your kickbacks will continue.
Is this what you are fighting for? I cannot think of a more disgusting move by our government or by the GOP
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
the F-35 is a terrible aircraft and a waste of government funds.
You're worried about expensive military equipment when Americans are going to lose their healthcare!  You should be ashamed!
Go back to sleep. Too bad
END game. WHY not focus on peace and diplomacy and stop supporting the Zionists.
Must be code for: #AHCA is a disaster, but I'm at peace with my indifference. #SomeHeroesHaveClayFeet
You need force multipliers.  This program is still cold-war approach.  Get some visionaries a platform- not smothered like John Stenbit was.
Let's us all hope sec Mattis has it and you dir font screw or up. Military had not forgotten how you failed them
maybe you should worry about that healthcare bill trying to strip coverage from millions of vulnerable americans
You were not concerned at all when you sided with Obama. Also you were the author of sequestration. Now you are concerned @POTUS @GOP
Hope your not telling them how to fly it. You crashed everything you flown.
Stop trying to change the conversation.  Vote no on #Wealthcare
As I remember anytime we were in close comms it nothing but a pain in our ass. Leave them alone & let them work without your interference.
Don't worry Senator , B-52 will do the job with #Iran + some electromagnetic cruise missiles ( E-Bomb) .
And hurts all others. The middle class is gone now. Working Americans cannot afford this. Please stand with working Americans!
You should be Sec of Airforce
Sounds good to me.
god bless you . You are proud of humanity
Senator McCain, why have you not spoken out against this unhealthy healthcare bill? This bill only helpsThe wealthiest Americans
His wife got a cushy job in the administration.  He got bought.
Yeah. Who do you talk with regarding CIA torturing in Yemen?
Yeah, sure you're a big help.
Another problem with the F-35? Good thing it's 20 years later and we put all $1.5 trillion eggs in that one basket.
You running the military now John?  Get out of the way. You are only slowing them down with you "close comms"
Resign. Join the Democrats. Better to have you out in the open than hiding & sniping at POTUS at every turn.
SIR!
this whole F35 program has been one disaster after another...pathetic
Does that mean the (VMFA) 121 group just sent to Japan from Yumas is down, too?
U n close comm with geroge soros as well big donor of yours! U r a hack mccain!
we're plenty good at killing, why not focus on saving lives...? #SaveACA
You don't have any more pressing matters to look into today? Okay.
