#GarlandBeforeGorsuch #MerrickGarland is the right choice for #SupremeCourt What Repubs did last year was despicable #Unity
But really, wouldn't it be prudent to wait 11 months or so? I mean, what's the rush?
John, why is it that Senate could prevent Obama's nomination from getting confirmed, yet they expect Trumps to? Honest answer
please explain
except that there is Judge already chosen.
no no no this man is a puppet he will consult w/Trump before making decisions
How can you really support anyone Trump puts up?  I know you want a conservative judge, but how about you impeach Trump 1st?
This guy states they will block any Supreme Court nomination Clinton would make if elected prez.
No on Betsy Devos
How about a trade.  You Get Gorsuch but vote down Devos, and Tillerson.  Deal?
You're also trying to gerrymander the courts by splitting the 9th district so there's nothing between Trump & a dictatorship.
vote no on Devos. Unqualified!
please vote no to Devos, she is the total opposite of what our country needs for Education
You Cannot Be Believed you Soros Traitor Only a Traitor FUNDS the Enemy/ISIS Globalists Don't Believe in the Constitution
get with the times we don't need to waste taxpayers money on someone who will take us back to square one!
BIG Mistake. If you insist on confirming, remember me when it comes back to bite. Unless retirement is your next plan...
he is a danger to woman's rights. Please Oppose him! !
Was hoping you'd oppose someone so staunchly anti #LGBT. Was hoping you'd stop bowing down and grow a spine. #StopDeVos too!
lead with a conscience for #Humanrights  or stop running for @SenateFloor You want my copy of the #Constitution ?
I hope he does well in his stolen seat.
no on Devos
I respectfully disagree
In addition, it is pretty much clear that Trump is a Putin hire and none of you are doing anything about it.
It is Clear That You Are Oblivious to The Facts You Mimic the Liberals  Know The Facts Putin can be but an Ally
To Fight ISIS and Globalism McCain Funded ISIS and Works for Soros Traitor Trump Trying to Save our Country #Agenda21
how wrong you are on this Senator
Glad to hear you support Judge Gorsuch for the Supreme Court!!  We hope he gets confirmed by the Senate!!!
Please vote no on DeVos. A grateful American public will thank you.
he is wrong for America
No, Gorsuch is bad for people with disabilities. Please don't vouch for him. Ppl w/ disabilities issues = bipartisan support.
Please, NO! Not Gorsuch!
Unless you're a woman, LGBTQ, or basically anyone other than a rich white male, then you're screwed. I vote.
I disagree w u.
Time for your retirement.
First good thing you said Songbird
Another betrayal of the American people by you! You know he won't. He will just do what trumps tell him to do. You know it!
I may not always agree with you, but I respect you when you vote your conscious not party. Pls VOTE NO ON DEVOS.
Be the man I used to think you were. You can take us there. Stand up for American Values. NO to Bannon. No to DeVos. PLEASE.
what happened to you? Don't you want to go out with some decency? First Palin and now u support Trump? No on Devos, do right!
Too far right. We need a centrist to help bring our country back together. We are too too divided. Don't fan the flame
Please Stop DeVos
I respectfully disagree
@SenDanSullivan @realDonaldTrump Gorsuch is a fascist. He even started a club for this.  It's true. Everyone knows it.
now your just crazy! I want to like you , but then you say stupid things like this and you blow it!
My opinion is that the Constitution written in the 1700's MUST be interpreted with one eye on modernity.  I am an AZ voter
Please do not vote to confirm. This is an illegitimate nominee and will be a tainted judge. You know this is a bad precedent.
Garland was the right fit for America. What happened to him wasn't right.
If the "ban" goes to the supreme court on the grounds its unconstitutional,it should be a no brainer for Gorsuch.Right?Right!
we are confident you will stand up for education and vote #noDevos #educationisnotforsale
are you aware of his participation with white nationalism
what about college yearbook?fascist soc fnder? some never chg like prez artful dodger ask daughter!
he best stop DT going against the 1 Amendment like calling media FAKE. etc  Heaven forbid when 2nd Amendment is threatened.
There's already a nominee who deserves hearings first! #MerrickGarland  #85210
How about Garland first  then Gorsuch? #dowhatsbestfortheUSAnotforparty
this should be Merrick Garland.
fascism forever? Come on McCain you're better than thjs
good for you...dems will not allow him in.  sorry but hes no good how about Garland instead ?
NO! He's a fascist
Merrick Garland. HE should have his hearing and vote! Shame on your partisanship in blocking the rightful SCOTUS Justice!
Any ethical lawyer would decline the offer. There is already a nominee: Garner. A decent man and smart, centrist judge!!
You refused to do your job with Garland, why should we accept Gorsuch? The Women's March was your warning to hear our voices.
So am I.  And I hope you're willing to do what it's going to take,  Senator, to get him confirmed.
Merrick Garland is a much better choice @SenateGOP is disgraceful!
bye bye separation of church and state.  #WorstPresidentEver
Nope, I don't like this Fascist. Merrick Garland was a MUCH better choice. Discusting what was done to him.
but why was he the head of a fascist club in college sir?  and please save our children from devos.
A multimillionaire? Have you found the word "corporation" in the Constitution yet.?
Gorsuch is terrible! Won't protect civil rights! Say "no" to Trump lap dogs!
I think is a serious mistake and I urge you to vote against Gorsuch.  We need a moderating influence on the court
but, you support isis bruhhh?
he has racist past. Pro establishment and anti protest. Far back as college. We can not afford to go back we don't want to...
What about gun control and the thousands of senseless murders sponsored by the gun lobby? Fix gun laws! #gunsense
Pls. do what's right. This is a #StolenSeat and his views are dangerous to women, ppl w disabilities, and more.
NO! Please! Citizens United has to go. He will support it
Well, he chooses corporations over people so now we know you are not a man of the people. Shame on you!
You wanted all Reps to just refuse anyone HRC would nominate if she won.  Explain why Dems shouldn't do the same now.
Constotution clearly states that "we the people" R sovreign & that our representatives serve us -the nation-not themselves
so...let's get on board with the other business at hand, and keep negative comments out of the Media! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
but you know it was wrong what GOP did to Garland. Very wrong.
thanks for the reminder, I was just starting to change my mind about you.
NOOOOOOO!! #ElectionsAreComing
you forget about this?
I'm sure he's a great conservative but why delay the prior Obama choice?  He was an excellent choice and neutrality required
You better #DumpDevos. She should be a ridiculous embarrassment to all elected officials.
Did you ask about his founding a Fascist group in high school?
Echhhh!!!
I'm gonna quote Nancy Reagan here "just say no".
We must allow interpretations that assume inclusion. We are ALL endowed with inalienable rights
Sir, with respect with every fiber of my being, on behalf of our nation's children&future PLEASE look in your vote #NODeVos
Vote NO on the confirmation of DeVos.  I know you have the guts to do the right thing for children and education.
You Need to get off your poppas Butt and do your job R U republican R Dem U R There For Us USA  First not your personal Belif
please don't be another hypocrite. #MerrickGarland did not even get a vote called for his nominee.
No! No no no.John, he is narrow minded things you fight against.voted for you for president and you would have picked better
How Trump used the fake news and Russian hack/dumps
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos!!
hey sometimes u r a good GOP and most of the time a Rhino, lost respect Sir
He will roll back all progress made in recent years. MAVRICK NO MORE? Disappointing Senator!
You could have been a hero once again. Instead you have been a coward. Stand up to Trump, Bannon, and Putin!
Nope more right wing bullshit nothing fair for the country  #gopsucks
But you cannot in good conscience vote for Betsy DeVos. She failed miserably on her own. You are a man of honor.
I hope he puts you in prison for war crimes.
are we going back to the 3/5ths rule then? Or making it so only white land owning males can vote? Are y'all gonna wear wigs!?
OK you've all had your fun ...when is the US going to get a real president @SpeakerRyan 
Your guy Trump is a disaster
he will not represent the majority- were not talking electoral college now- we are speaking real majority.
Judge Gorsuch is too far to the right.  He favors big business and not the individual.  He will take us backwards.
do you even hear us?? Are you listening???#HeroNoMore
Our democracy is stolen and you whimper like a sycophant. You were my dads hero. Glad he died before you betrayed your nation
TERM LIMITS!!'
you disappoint me!
Change the Senate forever, for Trump?

Think GOP stuck @45 when DemographicBomb goes off. 

Nuke fallout will kill GOP!
@JeffFlake  you stole this Supreme Court seat from Obama. Total Opposition to far right choices however brilliant.
How bout confirming Merrick Garland first? #StolenSeat

only if you get him through the Dems BS.
guess you don't care if your daughter, @MeghanMcCain will lose her right to love and marry who she wants. #badparent
No thank you! :)
.@SenJohnMcCain BUT isn't a strict interpretation that the duly elected sitting President fills a SCOTUS vacancy?
Meaning, the vacancy was President Obama's to fill? Wouldn't that have been a strict interpretation?
this is wrong! Republicans wrongly & cynically refused Pres. Obama his nominee. Now it's Ur turn. And I am a constituent.
why did u say u would refuse to confirm any nominee if Clinton was elected? Are judges partisan?
you know democrats will give you the 60 votes karma is a bitch 
Why didn't you make @SenateMajLdr take a vote on Garland.  You put party before country.  Shame on you. #TheResistance
come on, man!  We rely on you for more than this drivel
do you feel that not giving Garland a hearing was the ethical or right thing to do?
Please do not give this man the world (Trump).  Can't you see we are getting closer to having our own Putin?  Use wisdom.
Mr McCain, Please don't be responsible for giving an Authoritarian even greater power. American will never be the same.

McCain: Republicans may block any of Clinton's Supreme Court nominees http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/john-mccain-hillary-clinton-supreme-court_us_58050653e4b0162c043d4c9a … via @HuffPostPol
as a fellow veteran, you are a disappointment. I would expect you of all people to have a spine and stand up to trump.
You blathered essentially the same kind of tripe about sarah palin.
No!!
I once thought you had integrity. A stolen seat. You should be ashamed!
It's the thing you've said I approve of ! Support President Trump or resign!!
please make sure you represent your Republican public school teachers and vote NO to DeVos.
We never know how to take you McCain. Thankfully you make sense this time.
STOLEN SPOT! Garland or nobody. #scotusnominee
lol
Hey @MeghanMcCain How can you be for Gorsuch and for marriage equality? He would have ruled against obergefell vs hodges.
>No hearing, No Vote, what goes around comes around. Judge Garland was already there, he's first in line 4 opening on Court.

You're not a war hero. You're only a war hero because you were captured.
Anerica is counting on you to stop the ALL RIGHTS IN THE WHITE HOUSETRUMP, BANNON AND MILLER
Ummmm no!  You guys don't get your way.  Blame your boy Mitch for this one!
but can he separate church and state? Without thay constitutional law won't matter
Trump will ONLY appoint TRUMP ZOMBIES. YOUR helping KILL AMERICA. How does your conscious feel?
Don't count on it.
please fight DeVos confirmation for our chilfren
I am a veteran USAFR officer and I respect you. It is good to uphold the constitution but at who's expense? Be careful.
please vote no on Betsy Devos
PLEASE vote NO on Betsy Devos!!!! She's unqualified and you KNOW IT!
@msnbc all due respect senator he is just another one of little Donald's flunkies o
Block Devos save our public schools
I hope the Dems obstruct his confirmation the same way you did Merrick Garland. Also, your voicemail is full.
Evidently u still cannot forget ur trouncing by Obama. Life goes on. U lost because of Palin-Bad choice
If you vote to confirm him, to endanger women and LGBT rights in the name of "religious freedom" you'll get no votes from me
You must support women & reject Supreme  Court nominee Gorsuch. Don't't let love of power trump women's legal rights.
Not a good choice for women.
I am really surprised at u. U were our only hope to right ship. Now u Are putting party over country. I am saddened by you
Merrick Garland would have been a better choice. I'm so disappointed you wouldn't even give him a hearing. Be a leader!
Oh come on!!
DEMOCRATS problem: Trump's promotes VALUES  based on FAMILY & FAITH. DEM. PARTY has abandoned these values and their BASE.
you're an accomplice to thievery.
because your constituents who are women or LBGTQ aren't important to you. We remember and we vote.
Listen, my Aunt Edna was strict & it really isn't what it's cracked up to be.
You stole that appointment
Please don't confirm him. We need someone more moderate that will respect ALL Americans.
I voted for you but didn't like your positions on Women's Reproductive Rights. I've left the GOP now.
It's about time you did something positive for the Republican party.... Term Limits for you, Graham, Pelosi, and the Dems
"I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that HRC, if she were president would put up." #karma
please ask him about religious privilege
don't get caught in another Trump U Scam. Voucher system perfect for scam. Vote No on Devos. Look at Milwaukee. Doesn't work.
THIS is why ALL Americas have very little faith in our Congress.  You were quite happy to obstruct Obama's choice.
you mean the misogynistic interpretation? Go white elitist nationalist man! Sorry, I never do sarcasm well
