Thanks for always putting America first.  But look after yourself.  America needs you.
McCain, reel Donny in! He's way out on a limb w Russia, & Putin! Trump is gonna let Putin have East'n Europe that's the art of that deal.
Most Republicans don't even want you and Graham in our party. There's the door, use it.
Wht bcz he's not buying into the Trumpublicans  Party
Trump not a republican. Lol.
And neither r u.  I'll bet
Trump is far to the right of you and McCain. If you don't like the Republican party, you can get out too.
It's referred to as. A. Trumpublican. He's took tht ticket for his convenience and P help as well as how elections roll if u look
What is further right than the wall, killing ISIS, cut taxes, repeal Obamacare, & putting America First? You're  dead wrong.
1/4 of people think it is OK to team up an enemy nation to try and win an election? Really? What have we become?
Russia is not an enemy nation.
Aren't you interested in defending America?  Gen. McCaffrey - mortal enemy. SC 149,832 attempts to break into voter reg system on 11-08-16
Need a reminder of the human cost of dictatorship? All these are journalists who criticized Putin--and died under mysterious circumstances
liar
Why would anyone with a rational brain read the WSJ!  Why would you give it weight?
Your buddy Soros told ya about this 3 years ago when you gave Crimea to your bud putin

I agree 100%. Who will stand for the right policies toward the Putin Russia. Signs from Trump not good. Acts as an other Russian Plutocrat.
Senator is still time to you tell us the true .. God is calling you to tell the true before is to later - My prayers is for you today!
How about we get rid of the danger in america @SenJohnMcCain  How about you work on that
And yet you are quiet...
Get better AND STOP TRUMP's TREASONOUS RELATIONSHIP w/Russia. Make him disclose his financial ties&conflicts of interest
Yes, the Russians are a risk around the world but, what about your own country.?

You KNOW what is happening, do something,
We're not a risk! Leave us alone and concern abot your own country! Honestly, I'm sick and tired of endless lies about my country! Why?
Bot bot, go away!   Shows not lies.   Blocked
The time when I was polite with self-righteous racist warmongering Nazies is over. The world is at risk because of Globalist's dogs like you
It's important that we remember what a dangerous man Putin is. Thank you for sharing this article.
It is a great comfort to me to see that you understand the threat that Russia poses-Putin is a better tactician than Trump-Trump needs help.
And now Putin and his Puppet are on Asads side now. WTF? Is going on????
Thank you, Senator. warning to the followers: kremlin trolls in replies act on direct orders from putin and distort public perception
Thank you Senator John McCain Russia is not our friend
Russia is our friend! Russians exposed corrupt DNC & Democratic Party. Cheating CNN and Dona Brazile. And liar Hillary. Exposed corrupt dems
Absolutely!  I'm way more outraged by biased media than so called "Russian meddling"!
Wishing you all the strength needed and thank you for being a hero and putting our country above party vote no on trumpcare
You and your kin are far more dangerous to the world than Putin and Russia could ever be.
Ooooop's I forgot it's trumps fault .
I don't believe this!
Putin's aggression & deceit towards Georgia Ukraine etc. & stems from his hate 4 America whom he holds responsible for the break up of USSR
Hay did you know john McCain was a prisoner of war
#FAKENEWS #SONGBIRD #TWEETTWEET
Trump said he had no proof #Putin is a killer, asked for names. Well, Trump, here are the faces of journalists who died. #FreePress
Bullshit! Original article http://newsprom.ru/pda/205845.html?r=1 … Some journalists killed in war zones, and most under USA puppet Yeltsin!
I am wondering as a Navy Veteran why you continue to sit on the fence and vote for what you know is morally wrong.  Patronage over Party.
Thank your buddy Hillary and Obama for that. You are a disgrace can't  use your Hero move on this on!  Now a obstructionist
Surely Putin knows USA also has nuclear weapons & picking a war is a really stupid idea for Russia, USA & the rest of the world.
http://bit.ly/2tfffwr  I hope KARMA knocks on your door sooner rather than later for your disgusting actions!
Wow. "McCain and the Trump-Russian Dossier:...".
So you're the one?
Dangerous??? USS Forrestal 134 people killed, 5 planes crashed, you talk about dangerous!!??
Extraordinary details on how John McCain got dirty dossier from ex-spy http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  via @MailOnline
Johnny don't hurry back take as much time off as possible. The American people won't miss you war monger ways.
Heroic Putin LOVES his country; he implements policies BENEFIT his nation; CORRUPT TREASONOUS U.S. politicians bomb & kill for AIPAC/Israel
Trump/Russia collusion. impeach trump
Must read: https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
http://www.russianembassy.org/article/excerpts-from-the-briefing-by-foreign-ministry-spokesperson-maria-zakharova …

meanwhile in real news
MERRICK Garland
2 jerks. Gleek and Glok
Did u have fun on New Years Eve with Graham
You're backing the idiot. Save your concern and DO SOMETHING!!
Pull my finger
In addition to Putin's many threats, please do NOT repeal Magnitsky Act.
I wish having some integrity will be a part of a job requirement to be a Sen. Unfortunately that is not the case in your case..
YouOk,PotusRoundhouseDebbieHeDuckd,JenPdDown$$Rip TryMcDowelE6thAveFeOptha?
Try FBI For  ManureMossesoNealPompiMy5200$Tx2cashWashOrTxRangers Please LabbyCantHoldThemoff!
Certainly glad you are recovering well. You should not get back to you should get to work for the people and stop obstructing
You're nothing but a follower I'm the stupid one thinking your a hero and leader and not a follower SAD OLD MEN Nursing home for you
Why is it you have only turned on Russia since they scorned your request for a campaign contribution in 2006?Wouldn't that be collusion?
You owe your life to the American people how about you do the right thing. And vote no on healthcare. The bill sucks badly !!!
Senator wish you recovery. Please remember you got this great healthcare because of American taxpayers. Please vote no on healthcare bill
Turns out John McCain supported FALSE FAKE NEWS report against Trump!! He is a neocon BIG GOV crony war monger that needs to retire!!
Needs to be in prison
McCain admits he supported U.K. Spy document against Trump that used Russian sources!! McCain look in mirror!! Your the bad one!!
john McCain was a pussy who let #Russia take over #Crimea with no consequences  - McCain is just an old man rambling
Take action 2 revoke security clearance of those in  Admin who filed security clearance paperwrk with omissions of mtings with foreigners
Lets Talk about your agenda, your financial records, your acts of treason against our Republic and democracy
Must read @CNN: The ever-changing story about Trump Jr's meeting - what we know
which obamacare plan DO YOU HAVE, OH THATS RIGHT YOU ARE EXEMPT FROM HEALTH MARKET
How many still offer cover and make excuses is truly concerning. Somehow we still think we are better than 1932 Germans.
Once a traitor, always a traitor.. I'm talking about you @SenJohnMcCain
You didn't say crap  when Obama was in office. Now you want POTUS to start drooping bombs. Don't think he'll fall for your bait. Retire NOW
Dear Sir

Please get well soon & then do all you can to rid USA/ World of the threat that Trump poses

Yours sincerely with kindness

Bev
Maybe @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan should read.
Just like Hillary using xenophobic and misogyny u loose people with words like treason we know what they mean we just aren't sure U know
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP looks at Criminal KGB Dictator as some sort of Twisted Hero due to his @realDonaldTrump Love. WTF Happened to @GOP ?
You're bloodthirsty McCain. You just want war with Russia. You need to retire.
RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA....GIVE IT A REST...HOW about INVESTIGATING CLINTON and the DEMS for COLLUSION..you senile sore LOSER!
Repeal and Replace McCain
Repeal and Replace McConnell 
2018
What's the point of posting these if u r going to enable Trump so he can help Putin?
Dude, you remain clueless but... OUR marxist FEMINISTS are Russian shills!
There are a whole lot of Russians in the territory of the Ukraine who don't accept the coup you helped orchestrate. Russia policy is sound.
John McCain sitting down with Andriy Parubiy. A real-life Nazi. Note his Mein Kampf-style book cover.
TRUMP needs to read it
Please stop this maniac...ok, actually, please stop both maniacs!!
Maverick what a joke.. were is Rice ,lynch  testimony?
John McCain says more Trump Russia bombshells are coming. I'm still waiting for the first one. #warmonger #EndTheWars
Retire.
Please stop with the Russia crap and support the @POTUS!
Get your head examined man

Hehe  right...who's more on your list...Nixon and Martha Stewart?
John McCain is no hero! Go away you turn coat!

John you are such a jerk
Oh sure, now you get on board. You voted yes for his entire cabinet
Dude you're hurting our country stop and support #POTUS
U probably don't know how to tweet; just direct an aide to spew your garbage;"WE"the people have all Rhino's on our radar! Tell him aide
#JusticeforVets
Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
1.) if you want to look outside- go be Defense or State.

2.) Arizona really needs our needs represented to McC and Trump

How about It?
Really?
Just a reminder: you helped a lot to overthrow legitimate government = coup, destabilising Ukraine

https://youtu.be/KvsN9syhZP8 
Get off the Russian bull shit and do your damn job.  Start standing for the American agenda not yours. Voters are watching you.
this president Spits on every soldier that fought for democracy.This administration does what they want w/no regard for law..
No this President stops to pick up a hat for a soldier while Obama made him hold his umbrella in pouring rain.
WHY in God's name are they even allowed in our country?Why have dialog at all with a such a man?Im so disgusted..
Triggered!! 
OKAY JOHN..what are U going to do w/#illegit45?This CRAP needs to stop now!
@nytimes Why does Kushner still have security clearance? Were you incensed that Flynn kept clearance after admin knew?
That's great, I'm worried that  KUSCHNER STILL HAS SECURITY CLEARANCE. Shouldn't a patriot like you be worried too??
These deported vets risked their lives for the US. Now, they struggle to return. https://www.pri.org/stories/2017-06-26/these-deported-vets-risked-their-lives-us-now-they-struggle-return … #globalnation
#Putin is bad news just like #Trump
YOUR ties to Russia will be investigated. You snake. #MAGA
The fake dossier has your tiny little man hands all over it, how do you respond?
Meanwhile @realDonaldTrump colludes w/Putin to turn USA into a Rus subsidiary. Do u care? Or r u as depraved & #complicit as the whole GOP?
Colluded how?
Instead of retiring why not say u r following ur own advice and limiting your term. Soon!
Must Read:
No one should read WaPo for real news that's the same as watching CNN
Did you teeet it to @realDonaldTrump
Can you imagine going to school everyday...anticipating recess....KNOWING you're going to be bullied? Stop the nonsense!!!!!
Hey sir. Any hearings such in future into why O admin did NOTHING when they learned of Russia interference in June 2016? No response? Why?
Do your jobs @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio  #ComplicitGOP #LockThemAllUp #TrumpRussia #GOPTaxThieves @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Careful John, you might piss of Trump if you bash his BFF.
Thank you for your service,  and for talking about the centipede in the room long before anyone else seemed willing to do so. You were right
Thank you for tweeting this. I see UR frustration, I believe UR doing all U can. I've never seen U turn a blind eye to Russia. Stay Strong.
Don't think we forgot how you called us "the crazies". We don't forget. Elephants never forget.
Trump will never help GOP pass anything, he pulled a bait and switch on GOP & only serves his own interest. Get him out! #corruptpresident
You, too?
#hungryhungryhippo
McCain also gets funding from George soros
John rino McCain is involved with fake Russian news against trump
Johnny you really going to Vote yes on TrumpKill! I thought you were Country first! Trump was right about you not being a hero after all!SAD
I live in AZ and I will never vote for you again. You and the Republican Party are useless. Stop with all the investigations of Trump.
Keep it up and Pelosi will be pres.  Of course, you could impeach and remove sooner than 18.

Nyet, the danger is Trumps mob compromised by Russia. Please take action to protect America... now before it's too late.

A news report today said that Trump is planning to invite Putin to the White House.
If Congressional Republicans don't stop enabling this man, there will be nothing left of our democracy by the next presidential election.
Some Congressional Republicans & pundits suggest that colluding (aka conspiring) with Russia to influence our election would not be a crime.
And it seems the Republican base could care less about whatever role Trump's campaign may have played in Russia's disinformation campaign.
According to a recent Gallop poll, even after everything that's happened, 24% of Republicans have a favorable opinion of Putin.
It's as if a significant chunk of your party has fallen through the looking glass.
Those of you who know better must speak out forcefully and take affirmative steps to put President Trump in check, before it's too late.
Senator McCain, please read this in regards to the "Cruz Amendment". Its horrible, please vote no to the healthcare bill.
@CNN @washingtonpost @NBC @nytimes Senile McCain gives "insider Info" to anyone calling him:
What can #Congress do to stop #Russia.  #Senate acts, House calls procedural foul and does not act due to #WH threats. What is the solution?
Same thing Obama did when China and Russia hacked?
Not really.  Here, the #Senate passed a #sanctions bill that the #House speaker, @SpeakerRyan refuses to put on the floor for a vote.
country over party
stop trump! He's allowed putin into wh.

we all have opinions.i don't want Russians in White House. I care about trumps going to jail
#RetireJohnMcCain
Please stand up against @realDonaldTrump /Russia collusion. I am a Democrat, but I trust that you can be a profile in courage in the GOP

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
focus lead and work for the people REJECT #Trumpcare, do not allow @SenateGOP to sell their vote for millions of pork! WRONG!
GOP should wake up, Russian scandal is very huge problem, Russian servant in Chief(not commander in chief),TREASON is Very serious.
Yes it is that's why Hillary and Obama need to be put in prison
The only reason this ex-democrat wins elections    is to keep a democrat out of office. I'm even considering a run. retire already!

You're the part of the swamp to drain. You're a disgrace by being TOO old to be effective. Show class and take Trump's lead. #drainMcCain
Yes John, Putin is dangerous. So is Trump, Cruz, McConnell, Pence, Ryan, and ANYONE voting for the "healthcare" that WILL harm AMERICANS!
Johnowned by the Ukrainian government which is owned by George Soros and has been for some time. The truth comingout w/the 2 girls
Soros owns the Democratic Party he pulled Obama's strings for eight years
Sen McCain are the Hillary/Bernie supporters great last impeachment hope...check out all the Dem losers that follow you and comment here.
Give us Pence then.

#PeoplePreferPence
Let's not get distracted from the awful Senate Health Care Bill that most your constituents are not in favor of. Vote against that bill
Take action and impeach @realDonaldTrump, keeping him in the WH is treasonous
McCain you need to be impeached from the Senate...remember "Keating Five"??   You are such a sleaze!
Must-read: John McCain - Russia collusion.  http://archive.is/ZpCSG 
John. tell us again how you sent someone to dig up dirt on our president? Who gave you the dossier?
Mr. McCain, you are all talk. I give up. You go on tv or tweet then nothing happens. My hero Reagan must be looking down and saying "What?"
#retire
Understand a lot of bad blood between Russia and Ukraine was the latters fighting with the Nazis in WWII.
Don't lift a finger to help Ukraine. They have been collaborating with Democrats and you @SenJohnMcCain to undermine Trump
