Without protecting the poor, the sick, and the arts - we're just a shell of a society, and not worth defending.
Move
Without a strong defense,we are making ourselves more and more vulnerable to world threat.#USAStrong
which foreign country is planning on invading the US? As a veteran I can say NONE
As a 22 year veteran, I can say we need a strong military that is always at the ready.
This border wall is insane, and there's no real justification for it.
ask Israel. Hungary, and all the movie stars with walls around what they deem as valuable.
The Israelis are some of the most miserable people I've ever met - living in constant fear and hatred. Avoidance.
Avoidance? They are surrounded by countries who want them dead.
That's nonsense. The wall simply allows them to maintain the Occupation of Palestine.
we need to be smart and not just keep buying crap!
I really respect you Mr. McCain. But if we spend all our money on defense, what are we defending?
good point Tafline. A hollow suit of armour.
that's your only comment on the budget? You're ok with all the cuts? Even gutting State Dpt?
better raise some taxes!
I don't trust a dime in Trumps hands... he's too reckless and dangerous to lead our military!
we done have to have every new toy...  OTF is the matter with you people.
And  now  Trump  Forgets  We  Have  A  COASTGUARD?
Our military is OVER FUNDED.....by BILLIONS
more funds than OBama did
Stop the military buildup and concentrate on economic and social buildup. We already have superior capability.  Be logical.
Trumps Yemen raid,1st week in office...trump kills navy seal, injuries 4 seals,kills 29 civilians, &destroys $75m aircraft!
vote NO On healthcare!!!!
How about thank you Potus Trump for your commitment to our troops. Is there a way to allow additional funds? #Ungrateful
1wk in office, no briefings, trump raids Yemen, a country 80% food insecure!!!
US spends far more on defense than we need, more than next 5 biggest militaries combined. Why do you think we need more?
stop complaining and do something, aren't you a senator
there is so much more to be upset about than this in the budget. What about programs for the poor and elderly?
You are on the wrong side of this issue. In fact, siding with @realDonaldTrump is wrong but more weapons is even more wrong.
.@SenJohnMcCain if we're talking #nationalsecurity, can you stand with Generals and fight proposed @StateDept cuts?
and what about that guy before Obama??? Fuck this party line bs!! PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY. STOP BRAINWASHING UR BASE!
How much money are you being paid by the Globalist Jew war hawks to slander Russia? You need to retire! #YEYEEGF
You let GOP cabinet picks slide, if you let his Supreme Court pick go through and you will be done .Flynn + Sessions? IDIOT!
Senator, it's a start!
where were you the last 8 years Dr. Turn Coat? No one like or cares what you think.
Really $54 Billion?  How about we put that toward infrastructure and fighting poverty in our nation?
Government been fighting poverty since 1960 barely made a dent statically so keep fighting poverty get there some day
we've been fighting cancer for many years too, doesn't mean we should give up.
And we have been fighting terrorism for many years, but we are not giving up on that.
@RandPaul

There's An Answer
For EVERYTHING
in MOTHER Nature

https://youtu.be/JeW6EsABVWU 

@SenJohnMcCain
@BenDover @JackASS
#Putin SwiftlY
K☇

I don't think I want to see McCain bend over
THE ONLY THING @SenJohnMcCain Hates MORE THAN POWERFUL WHITE MALES is INCRIMINATING BLACKMAIL

@BarackObama kept us from a depression. @SenJohnMcCain taking from poor &giving to the rich makes u a greedy coward.  Stop this madness!
Defense budget will not protect the "low life scum"!!
Old War Mongering John McCain is at it again. We don't need to increase defense spending. Jesus Christ.
with all due respect Sir, Putin is more fearful of the State Dept.
how do we pay for this if we combine the increase with "massive" tax cuts?
IGNORANT
our president is not a Republican like you he is a White Nationalist & he's filling the Whitehouse with neo-Nazis we r at war
Legalize Marijuana for your defense, and use the money to help the poor. The GOP never cares about the sick and poor - never!
get behind @realDonaldTrump or get out of the way! You are as much of a problem as the LibTraitors! #MAGA
The only real problem is  @realDonaldTrump
What about Trump's dismantling of NATO? Are we going to just hand the whole world over to Putin?
how much additional military budget is enough when you're taking Meals on Wheels away from seniors that depend on it to eat?
How much money will you make off of the Ukraine when you steal Russias Oil pipeline? Will the American people get any?
Impeach Trump
that's a lie
Its Time we the Republicans of America Rid ourselves of Cancerous traders like you John eating at Americas Vital Organs!
Doesn’t congress write the budget?
We would not need to expand military budget if we had competent person running @StateDept. Tillerson & Trump will start wars.
Trump can just make some "good deals" and cut the price of jets, ships and tanks. #airquotes
Did you hear that @NancyPelosi
Yet, you have been complicit in funding the same terrorists our President is truing to keep out of pur soil
every time I turn on the TV I see you criticizing Donald Trump. Just disgusting. The Democrats are so much smarter.
help passing @POTUS  Budget first then you can get more next year
MR. Senator, war VETERAN beyond
What torture does to HUMANs(SLAVERY), forgive slights, ur HONOR needs to SPREAD among our
But people are important too. Social programs at the price of more military build up? #InvestinginHumanity
.@SenJohnMcCain Sir-The problem is the increases are balanced on the backs of hungry Americans. Poor people will pay the worst.
#InsaneMcCain did your defense contractor donors tell you the budget isn't good enough? Shame on you #MAGA #TermLimits #Dobbs
then what did you do to stem the tide other than enrich you portfolio and grab power!?  Support the president or retire!
John, I'm more worried about a President who says very serious charges that ARE NOT TRUE on a daily basis.  Censure time.
We need this deviant removed from our body politic.  The Russian flu...needs to be cured.
Just when I think you're focused prepared 2fight 4America U blow it! Obama Obama Obama You lost 2Black man GetOverIt! #Focus
until the pentagon can show they spend money wisely why should they get 650 billion when social nets are being cut
Let's cut education but spend billions to fund his weekend golf trips & to protect his family in NY on THEIR whim
Reply to @SenJohnMcCain  Prez Dumbass is OK cutting Meals on Wheels but willing to spend oodles protecting Beavis & Butthead in Dubai
Can u really sleep without thinking about putin? You are russophobia and exterm hawkish.
You have not future casue you r 87 and what about ur grandchildren who you advocat 4 nuclear war!
Do you mean all those who voted for Trump are  Russian agent? 65 million people and you r the only patroit! Interesting!!!!
How much do you want? What about the 20 trillion debt? You are living after 2 years. Who is going to pay?
We need2spend more money on controlling&destroying our enemies through cyber attacks,so their planes,&everything doesn't work
No one says that we don't need strong millitary, but we need 21st century approach 2our enemies, not the one that useless
Our children deserve 2live a long &healthy life, not suffer from all elliments like people in Russia, who have 60y life span
John you 2old not 2do the right think, our children deserve better, I am getting old close 2retirement, we all deserve better
He only wants what best 4him, his idea of running this country,is who would pay him most.We already see it,remember State Dep
Trumps idea is Trump first screw everyone ealse, he doen't want democracy, he doesn't care what happens 2people in USA
You don't seem 2get it that we in trouble,don't wait for complete destruction,&it's coming 4a while I thought you understood
why worry, Trump will destroy this country, so no one has 2worry. Trump & his administration is our enemies, not the world
But military spending is already half of our total budget! We're spending ourselves into the poor house!
How much more do you want to spend? It comes @ a cost to other important programs.
Please stop w the partisan bull. You put Russia/Trump/Bannon in charge of the US and Nukes. Fix that now. Tillerson/China/NK.
this is for the taxpayers. Baby steps. Military will come back. Support this plan for us. Your voters
Granted but years of defense cuts cannot be fixed all at once. Better balance needed. Cuts to science hurt defense.
You voted for budget cuts for military and VA. Now, it's not enough? Who's side are you on? @POTUS
You are part of the problem. Sit back watching this happen now you are joining the people that made it happen.
where do you propose we get more? Are you thinking of or chidren. Start acting like a responsible Republican. #Sorospuppet
you're too much a warmonger to care, but we need to continue the cuts. You just love having blood on your hands.

Meals on Wheels feeds 500,000 veterans every year.

Where does taking food from hungry veterans fit into the "America First" doctrine?
but john. The suggested increase is just 3% more than they wanted
This administration is taking us on a slippery slope directly to authoritarianism.Congress is Brannon's brownshirts. Step up!
# can you say anything positive for the sake of the Rep party?
maybe you should kick in some of that money George Soros pays you!!
are you totally senile? Stating that Rand Paul is working with Putin?
Whose fault is that?
AND funding them with OUR money? We demand to know your association with ISIS, senator. And remember U answer to US!
John McCain is big on saying others are in cahoots w/Russia. What's his excuse for hangin out  w/ISIS terrorists? Arming
What is this Senator? Why are you hanging out w/terrorists? Inquiring minds DEMAND to know!
Maybe we should look at cutting free health care for our elected officials in Washington,we pay for ours why shouldn't you?
and what about the damage inflicted when you cut off lifelines to millions of people. With #45's judgement bigger military? 
#WARMONGER
Don't you mean under repubs sequester budget cuts instead of Obama WH? Everything in NOT Obama's fault! U r better than this.
People are falling for a load of BS paranoia
How much do we really need. How many of our kids do we need to send into harms way...Capability yes, shared with our allies
SHAME ON YOU
Asking for more money for defense & Israel while your own country's funding for inner cities, EPA, & healthcare, are slashed!
CUTS MY ASS OBAMA INCREASED DEFENSE SPENDING EVERY BUDGET, ITS YOUR FAULT THE MONEY WAS NOT WELL SPENT!!
TRUMP WALL-INSANE! TRUMP VIOLATED HIS OATH-A DISGRACE TO GOP PARTY! AN EMBARRASSMENT TO THE PRESIDENCY!! HE WILL DESTROY US!
pretty sure you helped that whole sequester thing happen in 2013.  That cut the defense budget by 10%.
It depends on priorities. The military needs to spend and plan with a smaller piece of the pie.
get the money from your keeper Rothachilds,it's their wars you are mass murdering innocent people for .
John McCain The Plastic Man.
#theplasticman #pliable #weak #expired #rotten #traitor #retire
maybe there is more programs u can gut that helps the poor
.@SenJohnMcCain Do you really think that this is going to fool any of us into forgetting your treason?..have fun in prison, Senator. Cheers!
The #GOP insisted the budget be cut. Don't blame Obama for this. If you want more money for DoD then you need to raise taxes.
Preferably on the wealthy, useless slugs like Donald Trump.
,something to consider that contributed to defense budget cuts, sequestration!!!
everyone is from Russia!!! LOL ..fuckin McCarthy all over again
maybe you shouldn't have spent $7 trillion invading Iraq.
at least it now heading the right direction
Tell the POTUS not to waste our money on a stupid border wall. Take that $ and do something worthwhile
Dictionary definition of term limits has John McCain picture next to it! Resign!
would you please just retire
TAX RICH to finance War Machine! Not common folks working harder for less. Increase investment in health & education at home.
.@SenJohnMcCain Obviously, @realDonaldTrump disagrees.  Your job is to support #Trump, not sabotage him at every turn.  #RINO
that's not his job. Do you have any clue how the legislative branch works?
Cuts in public services, education, health, EPA are UNACCEPTABLE.  We need increased investment AT HOME!
Are you and Graham really going to let Putin let this moron ruin our country?Putin's in control.
by the way shipmate everyone's sees you and sunnishine boys.
and the millions of seniors and children going without food is not a concern? trying to change the subject? shame on u all!
send it to ground forces especially spec ops... devgroup, delta, greenb's and so on. Not the pockets of your lobby punks
Bull crap jonboy, you put the money where it needs to be, not across the entire mil complex that's lobby games
I support you all the way. Continue doing what you do.
more than enough . You don't get a percentage anymore . Resign your so over !!!!
Bullshit
Our defense is already a bloated tick, frankly. If we spend a QUARTER of it on people - instant NHS gosh.
you fought communism all your life, yet you are a coward not speaking up against Trump
John now is not the time for this kind of half truth. We already have enough lies. Sequester decimated the military budget
Since we are now an arm of the Russian gov't, shouldn't they pay some of our Defense bill? Just saying...Trump is a traitor.
At least it is a start. Stop your Rhino #Whining Get on board with your @POTUS  Shame on you Senator
how do you know?  Trump negotiates
Seriously? DJT budget devastates the rest of discretionary spending and you complain about bloated Defense?
Um Senator, I support a strong armed forces but u know u Republicans r just as much to blame for the current state of affairs
Russia will blow Rothschild out of Montenegro because you screwed up in NATO vote. Your screwed now.
as a former member i know that waste and theft are rampant in military. They don't need more. They need to combine forces
our military is the wasteful part of our goverment. they need to learn to do more with less. Why are there still 4 branches?
the male version of Jane Fonda. The song bird! Singing to the enemy in Vietnam AND in Syria. DISGRACE! No wonder msm loves u
time to retire old man...you're a joke!
IZ MUST 2 SPEND ALLLL TEH MUNIES ON WAR
Time to RETIRE!!! You make a good case for term limits!!

"If there is objection, you are achieving the objectives of Vladimir Putin" - rules for radicals graduate. McCain your weak
we have the largest military budget in the world. How is it not enough? Seriously!!
senility now!
where we're you for the last 8 years? Your Republicans did nothing for 8 years? Why? What did he have on all of you?
Well Trader You would be better off getting out of office now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congress holds the purse strings, as you know.
Must work with your contemporaries to ensure we take steps to return America's position of strength and deterrence.
@FoxNews @Veteran4Trump McCain is the essence of a traitor-using his service yrs to mask his true colors#prosecuteMcCain
@sherylvickers Budget cuts demanded by @SpeakerRyan and a little constitution law: Congress determines spending. Nice try.
b.o left 20 trillion debt and very little to show for it
stop drinking the kool aid! Are you a Russian now too?
john insane McCain in the house btw ur a Russian spy lol omfg
Thank you for staying strong and supporting NATO. This White Nationalist movement must be stopped. It seems like only you
. We spend more than next 7 nations combined. How many times do we need to make the rubble bounce Kennedy asked!
Easy there sparky. We got that wall to pay for.
Why is @SenJohnMcCain on Snapchat? Does he love sending nudes to teenage boys? B/c he must be blackmailed to be such a warmonger. #PizzaGate
Just when I thought I could support you.
past your prime .Learn to count again military budget is out of control. Stay out of Ukraine. Putin's 2 powerful smart 4U
I no respect for McCain. He is nothing but a trouble marker. Also jealous of Trump because he could never make president.
No comment on Meals on Wheels or After School Lunch cuts?
Build that wall, While you're add it, move some vetted refugees to Hawaii.
Can you seriously resign you are clearly mentally ill and ill qualified for office.
