I wish you would just show one piece of evidence that the Russia had anything to do what buying $100,000 of advertisement on FB, please
That a boy, let all know that, just like your Mentor Bath house Barry.
Stupid mental case, what the hell have you done for 30 years? Worthless penis
Well you let Obama run the ship for 8 years, now your want OUR PRESIDENT to fix what you people didn’t in less than a year. JUST GO AWAY
For years (too many) you have been in washington... why all of a sudden are you wanting this to be a priorty
It is worse than that. We paid the Kaspersky Fox to enter the hen house.
You are a. TRAITOR
McCain, you are a blow hart
Great job Senator McCain.
To hell with that traitor

This something new. You are definitly part of the problem. How long have you been in the senate.
RETIRE. Please just stop doing damage to our country. Go home rest and enjoy time with your family. Please just retire.
Why are you still there?
McCain represents constituents not party.
I wish Dean Heller could learn from McCain's commitment and courage.
He honors the United States.
Common thread ... u were serving in our government all those years.  Another sign that it’s time for you to leave office!
He is a TRAITOR.  Who squeals like a pig....during the Vietnam war.
And how many years have you been in Washington?
Has not done much
Retire already
Keep up the fight McCain. A rare voice of decency and humility in the GOP. The sooner carrot top is gone the better this country will be
Well said
@realDonaldTrump won't oppose foreign cyberspace intrusions against America - at least not until he bans guns & fully renovates Puerto Rico
Time to move on Buddy.
Another reason you should Clintons have gotten away with everything under the sun you did nothing
McCain needs to retire NOW, he’s just a grumpy old man hurting the GOP.  Needs to shut up and Go Home.
And you’ve been in power all this time. Why is it still broken hero?
Is that what soros tells u to say?
John, your illness is showing. Go home
John McCain = Hero
Our head of DOJ is doing nothing to stop this.
Proposed tax reforms (and deep cuts to follow) will ensure that the USA will desperately lack the funds and mobility to fight these battles.
When you ran for President against George Bush he started a rumor that you were mentally unstable. YOU STARTED ATTACKING TRUMP FIRST!
The US is still using floppy disks to run its nuclear program. The WH cctv doesn't work because they couldn't source betamax cassettes
Thank you for continuing to tell it like it is.
Perfectly stated.  My respect is growing in leaps and bounds!
For years you’ve been in the Senate,  why have we lacked those policies & strategies?
When are U going to step up and disavow your treasonous, terrorist father? Intimately knows ISIS? Kill innocents?
You are older than dirt and have done nothing all the time you have been in office. Retire ... leave ... go away ... you are a Democratic!
You've been there for years, why didn't you fix it? Quit whining, do some work, make America great again.
For years you have stabbed Americans in the, unfortunately you are still there.
Investigate URANIUM I DEAL .......
After all these years in Congress,he finally has an idea.Will he act on it or does he just love to hear himself talk?#gasbag!
@seanhannity Hey Johnny, no condemnation of a crackhead useless politician attacking a GOLD STAR WAR HERO ?
What is your claim to fame? Opted to stay 5 years at Hanoi in order to set up your political career? Your empty and only you know it.
I want Uranium 1 investigated. Please help seek out the truth and why 20 percent uranium reserves went to Putin! Forget Hillary’s fakenews.
Mr McCain, please listen to the testimony of Sessions yesterday, admitted that we are not prepared for 2018 because it’s complicated.
Something needs to be done immediately in regards to the internet.
Make congress and Intelligence community do something!!
Face it Grampa’, you’ve given a great service 2 this country, but now it’s being led by a dummy
Go home & stay there. You are a very confused person. Please resign & spend time enjoying family.
Make it line item under military spending, call it Tek Wars
Die pos
Get out
Thank you Senator McCain.
Where you been?
Just retire; our government is broken
I'VE NEVER TRUSTED YOU SIR!
Retire McCain with dignity while you can
I suppose that Trumps fault even though it's been going on for years?  Why didn't anybody do something before?
For years? So you admit you all new (under Obama  Admin) & did nothing and you are still doing nothing ! Isn't that just special.
U R the best Democrat the Republican party has. Keep up the distractions and disention. @MeghanMcCain
#retire
Traitor to your president.
It would be nice if those government cyber security positions were filled.

Even longer for you and your congressional cronies to come up with anything beneficial for the American Taxpayers only beneficial for you!
You've been there all this time! Your half baked concerns are as weak as your word! #swampRino #TermLimits Now
I always respected McCain, voted for him in 2008, but recently he reinforces the need for #TermLimits
WE need strict policies with cyberspace...SELLING peoples "lives" online is just wrong! Knowledge found today can get you killed.
Purely demagoguery Senator!
What did you do Senator? Nothing!!
#retireMcCain
But wait you got along with Obama so well,  and Bush...there is 16yrs...and it's still no policy! Guess we pay you for doing nothing
We need term limits!
Elvis called and wants to meet you for lunch tomorrow.
Does he believe in God, I wonder.
Resign
Your not the President,stop trying to be! You ate a disgrace to your office and your constituents! You Who kissed Obama's butt every chance you got, you who could care less about A US AMBASSADOR  AND 3 OTHERS WHO OBAMA COVERED UP, SICK
you are the most leading person  mr. john . what they are not remembering is YOU ARE no TUGG boat , keep giving them HELL
You’ve been there for years what have YOU done to make it better
Many of these old guys don't know much about computers or the way they work. Congress needs to strengthen our cyber security.
#Cybersecurity should be #1 military concern. #Russia committed an Act of War. Sessions equivocated and then said No not enough being done.
Odd. Figured you’d been office for like how many decades?
’s more an attack of internet freedom, maybe you should attack the dept. of ED. intelligent Americans wouldn’t fall for outlandish BS.
Because for the last 8yrs. we have had crappy leadership.A nobody senator from Chicago gets elected and re-elected just because he’s black.
With all that's going on right now this is what we need to talk about? With respect
Great to see you realize n act on this about 10-15 yrs after you guys should have..and after 1/2 country is exposed in equifax scam
#go away#retire
Get Steve Gibson on the line and do whatever he suggests.  That's a good step one.
Time for you to retire! Old Goat! Alzheimer's!
McCain U believe U R so high & mighty & have all the answers so what have you done to Counter our Adversaries in Cyberspace
This is John McCains way of saying " I cut it 10 times and it's still too short.
So what have you been doing for the last 30 years?  @POTUS @VP @SenateGOP
WHY in GOD'S name are you not working with all to get it updated ? It should be done 24/7 365. There is no excuse. None.
retire and quit screwing up America you Traitor!!
You have been in office for decades, what’s YOUR excuse for NOT DOING YOUR JOB.
I still think @CarlyFiorina would be a definite asset in this area!!
For years you’ve been in office.
What kind of information are YOU feeding our adversaries? You fed the Vietcong information,   old habits are hard to break.
If Trump proposes the fix for this will you torpedo that, as well? Do your job. You lied to your constituents.
Hey McCain why do u say ur a Republican and everything u do is for the Democratic Party?best thing that can happen is u get voted out soon
Well what the hell are we doing.  Seems no one ever in office can do that job.  Not one politician.  President Trump will get it done.
he's right about that.
Go away forever. You’re a traitor to your party.
Thank you John Mcain
You've been there for decades. Time to put the blame where it belongs, look in the mirror!
Mr  McCain felicidadades
Mr Swampman   Fun to point fingers huh?  What have u been doing the last 30+years?  No so much, I think
Is that your grand legacy of doing nothing?
Whose fault was that?  You and the rest of the super smart political class. LOL
I cannot stand cowards and Liars and you're both you lie to the American public everyday
I have no respect for you regardless of what you've been through
Unfortunately you lie to your constituents and then vote completely opposite have what they tell them you're a coward and a liar
And healthcare
For YEARS the AMERICAN PEOPLE have suffered under YOUR WARMONGER WAYS and BACK STABBING US YOU TRAITOR PLEASE GO AWAY..FAST
Retire please! You deserve it..
So basically you are useless and lazy. Thanks for clearing that up.
So fix it
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
And we always will lack policy and strategies there are adversaries they are in Russia but dear mr. Trump just doesn't believe it
Happened on you watch John. Passing the blame while you were in charge, and not working. Retire John, you've proven the need for a change.
We need to fix this. We have already seen the Russians commitment to  harm us this way as well as N Korea. Very alarming
With you there #JohnMcCain.  Now I hear brexit is getting looked into for possible hacking.  The facts are real.  This manipulation is scary
Thank you.
Very true Senator McCain. What can We The People do to help our great country with this problem?
SENADOR MAC CAIN  REFRESQUE SU
MENTE NO ENTENDEMOS SUS ÚLTIMOS
MENSAJES DIVISIORIOS,CONTRA LA
ADMINISTRACIÓN DONALD TRUMP
You’ve only been in Washington 34 years. No way you could be responsible.
Yes because u and some senators authorized buy Russian software that was stupid buy for the enemy that shows how u love Money not u country
will u fuckin kick the bucket already satan is waiting for you!
How many years have you career politicians been working to solve this important matter Mr McCain???
JOHN go do another touch and crash on the Forrestall, Pinhead
You have been confused for 30 years, go home, quit killing America
Cyber-security is so too often glossed over despite its importance. Keep up the good fight!
John mccain killed 130 sailors https://youtu.be/3bD7pM3fvoU  via @YouTube
Is there anything the Republicans do that you are happy about, please change parties, you are obviously a Democrat
#support_kurdstan
A very serious problem!  You're in a position to fix, or at least to start.  Do your job!  Senate is a disgrace of paralysis!
John concentrate on tax reform now
So, now you think you will do your job! You kicked it too far down the road.
@McCain please don’t follow #Trump and his tax breaks for the rich. You are a good man and you know this is wrong as our debt spirals
Chapter 61 Retirees and all disabled veterans have earned CRDP
That’s why we need term limits ! Need younger people in your position.
Where have you been you forgot that you have been in the Senate forever evrything u complain about you caused it shame on u what a hero
Brilliant, amazing. Now get your ass to work and pass the budget
You need to retire
We need to progress not regress!
Thank you.
Thank you for your words, we need to say we are at war and until we fight back, Russia will keep winning. Trump will do nothing to stop this, it's up you in Congress to save us.
2.. REALLY? Yes you can as long as all of you stop getting into beds with them, meaning taking under the table money, & IT'S THE FACT PERIOD
All of you senators are doing your best by telling us that you can't regulate the digital media platforms, such as tweeter & facebook 1/2
If you stop fighting PRESIDENT TRUMP maybe we could fix that.
This could be why u haven’t got info abt #NigerAmbush

Donald Trump’s Niger scandal just turned into a (real) Benghazi scandal http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/niger-benghazi-donald-trump/5593/ …
2.. but it's 50% DoD's job & rest of the 50% your senate's job to protect the US, especially from every foreign entity
What about Russian uranium deal? Why aren’t you tweeting about that?
Senator once again you got 50% right, they did change the outcome of our elections & YES that's why we call DoD Department of Defence 1/2
Sir, explain, which one of trumps policies do you disagree with and why?
The lack of attention is down right scary. What's going to happen in 2018??
It is clear you are a very bitter,vengeful man in the twilight of life. #Sad
Thank you for your services to your country ,but time for you to resign.
If president Trump put forth a fix you would just vote against it your a bootie hurt fool
Go away
And for years McCain has been in office ...

