Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Oh please. If Obama was too soft on Russia, YOU are too soft on trump. I've lost all respect for you now. This is not a joke!
you can disagree with him, but you should not lose respect for this man after what he's done for this country
the threat? LOL this pathetic SORE loser still think TRUMP CANT win the primaries LOL
funny... obummers "deal" with Iran, 22 billion to Iran, seems like a threat
Another tough little egg with only one brain cell functioning.
how u can actually believe obummer gave one shit abt this country amazes me
the $ he gave to the Middle East could have created LIVABLE public housing
Obama and Hillary wanted to work with Russia. Stop trashing Trump.
We don't NEED Russia for anything.
neither Russia
PLEASE lead the way on the Trump campaign Russia connections. It is dangerous and unacceptable.
it's fake
Hi Terra, thanks for disagreeing in a civil manner. Much appreciated. Rare on twitter. Conversation holds this country together
you are a master sir. Thank you sir!
sounds like you want to start wwlll.
You and your 3rd arm, little @LindseyGrahamSC crave war. All you two want is WAR.
AMEN!
thank you for trying to do the right thing, keep the pressure. We need to stop #Putin madness
When do you get your $$$ off @SenJohnMcCain or does he pay you in kind 
@maurlind @realDonaldTrump I thought this was a spoof which is why I originally "liked" it!
No, been lining up Russian border, now need to instigate sheeples opinion,they're off.
don't read the thread whatever you do. Americans are INSANE!
That's the only possible conclusion.
USA biggest enemy is not Russia but rather Saudi Arabia
Well maybe he was soft on russia . but at least he wasn't there puppet like trump is. what you doing about that hypocrite.
Please, Meghan, talk to your Dad. He is really really off the rails.
impeach trump
you could be making progress on important issues to Arizona especially with Trumps help, #diversion #MAGA
Would love too. But stop under minining POTUS. It is a damn disgrace. Stay home.
Get over  Obama loss.  A person with a hammer only sees nails. You would have had us at war with Russia. Play your last card @SenJohnMcCain

vietcong was too soft on you
I'm politically progressive, so is my 3X highly decorated Vietnam Vet aviator father. You are appalling.
mimimi
???
Would anyone expect a good advise from enemy collaborator @SenJohnMcCain ?
Ending slavery from whom? Are u not a puppet 2 those who own slavery? Double standard.
@realDonaldTrump Did McCain ever reply same way to Pres Obama / WH tweets
- Drop dead!
Let's investigate your interference in Ukraine along with your ties to Soros.
what "lies?"
Repeat after me:

Indepedent.

Investigation.

Into.

Trump's.

Ties.

To.

Russia.
he's going to be leading the cause along with Lindsay. McCain is a true American
Actions speak louder than words, but SILENCE = CORRUPTION.
responded with a video from today of him speaking out. Doesn't seem like he's gonna lay down
I hope you are right! McCain used to have my respect as a someone with an ethical core.
TICK TOCK
why don't you back our new president. Stop trying to undermine him and start supporting him
More likely to deter Russia with unified conservative alliance. Do you Want to deter Russia or Trump? #HidingBehindHeroMask
we the people have lost all respect for you. Get on the Trump Train or become a Democrat like your acting like
@POTUS  Let's make sure we're dealing with the real PM of Ukraine instead of a hacker.
That worked swell in Syria.
so if you think Obama was too soft, what about what's going on right now?  Ships, planes, muscle flexing?  This is not normal
maybe he was but at least he did his job. That's is something you have apparently forgotten how to do! Investigate Trump!
@realDonaldTrump While YOU'RE in bed with the Russians Donald! Obama is a true American. You are a liar, cheater, & traitor!!
The time to reprimand Russia was right after it took Crimea, to hit it now is futile.
it's coup time.
HOW ABOUT OUR @POTUS. & OUR military leaders make decisions. U  are not POTUS so just do ur job hired to do. Quit  liberal 
we also need #termlimits all of you get soft and complacent
--what's the deal with you and Russia? methinks you protest too much-- you a Russian spy????
I'm believe on You !!!help my country!
Iraq was taken by YOUR Involvement, look what happened. Libya also.  Making all the countries poor because of the refugees.
Sure, lets destabilize Russia/Ukraine, start WWIII,  Get the refugees flow going from all the sides of the world.
Good to see you have woke up from your slumber.
I think #trump calling #Obama soft on Russia might be the most hypocritical thing I've read all day- a hard title to earn
I am a Democrat. But I am an American first. Please investigate  the Trump Russia connection. Protect our nation. Thank you.
It wasn't "taken," it was un-gifted... Please quit trying to start more wars with Russia... #friendship #prosperity
Slow reaction time. Why pay your NATO bill?
Y did the Left love the Communist Atheist USSR but now U & Left want war with non-Communist Christian Russia?
@steven_pifer @realDonaldTrump сенатор снова выступает не по делу на грубость называется да горба

Then tell the Russian Puppet to stop playing nice. Hypocrisy! SAD!
gophers got no soul. Trump sold USA
@POTUS 
McCain was too soft on Russia, China, BLM, Obama and ISIS, he has found his RINO balls to hate on Trump #MAGA
Don't forget, George Bush was soft on Russia too. Remember, Georgia?
If THIS isn't the height of irony. Supporting sanctions on Russia AND Trump's admin, who actively undermined? Seriously??
.@SenJohnMcCain President Obama may have been too soft, but #Trump rolls over, plays dead, & looks for a dog treat.
He is not going to be tuff on his buddies
Which party dropped that assistance from its platform? Starts with G, ends with P? Own your part of the blame.
Why are the President and a Senior US Senator discussing foreign policy on twitter?  It seems like you don't have any plans.
.. your moment is now, sir .. and more important than ever. There really is no one else. HOPE is calling your name.
  
@realDonaldTrump USA may disconnect Russia from SWIFT!
@MeghanMcCain Never ever want these things to happen, and hardly ever agree with (R)'s but Russian Aggression Must Be Stopped
I am a veteran. I signed to protect & serve THIS country. Russia could B a much bigger threat due 2 .@potus now
and investigate the current administration's ties to Russia! The American people have a right to know the truth!
You still have not found your WMD's.   Get on it.
Timevfor you to go. America is disgusted by your actions.
Obama allowed Russia 20% of USA Uranium; plays footsies. Now you expect Trump to go to war with Russia? #TwofacedPoliticians
Senator, what is your estimate of collateral casualties if use of advanced weapons will provoke direct Ukrainian-Russian war?
We lift sanctions on Iran  that  sponsors  terrorism  globally  and that does not bother you.What a double standard.
BTW I agree with your position here. America champions and defends Democracy and freedom. We oppose authoritarianism.
Trump has to go. Don't tell me you will lay down for his play with Russia. You, above almost all, need to call to impeach.
you're too soft on trump. Russia spy ships, planes. Here with presidential permission? That's why there's no outrage? Invited
Yes, Yes, Yes and Yes. Crimea is Ukraine.
POTUS is politically compromised re Russia and ongoing scandal. He  cannot discharge his duty to protect us. #25thamendment
investigate Trump for the sake of our country. You are a patriot and a hero and we are relying on you.
Stop the warmongering McCain. You've got plenty to fix right here in AZ!
We don't need more war. Why aren't you MEN thinking about other ways to deal?  Use your brains, sir.
Is this possible while the US ship of State is full of rats ?
fine- but you can't blame Obama for Tr*mp campaign Russian collusion. American people deserve unbiased investigation & TAXES
@realDonaldTrump Let's find out who's leaking information, that is most important and critical to the safety of our country!
Yes sir, agreed Obama was human but tell Trump talk is cheap...Let's see what talking tough could do, awaiting his actions.
Investigate Trump Keep America Safe Again!
@SenSanders is it possible Trump invited Russia to advise his campaign??
Warmongering!!!!Thatswhoyouare
Warmongering!!!!!!
The problem is that Russia gets away with taking Crimea, after some time. And we end up like Chamberlain-idiots vs Hitler.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain: Your country needs you. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/admit-it-trump-is-unfit-to-serve/2017/02/15/467d0bbe-f3be-11e6-8d72-263470bf0401_story.html?utm_term=.bb2cfb1be3b0 …
Jesus Christ John, are you in favor of war?
Neocon lackey @SenJohnMcCain still pushing Zionist PNAC Neocon agenda vs Russia to include in Ukraine: http://america-hijacked.com/2014/02/24/us-has-neocon-agenda-in-ukraine-russia-analyst/ … #WW3
@realDonaldTrump work with Trump on something?
You forgot to add "please my liege" to your tweet. What once was is no more. #FallenHonor
OR we could be smart, build alliances, firm up NATO, put in POLISH air missile defense again etc IN SIX months?
and start world war three.
yes he was and weakened the west in the middle east, limp president on foreign policy I'm afraid ?
why aren't you investigating what is right in front of you?  If this was HRC you'd be all over this.  #DoYourJob
I fear an IC Power grab and calculated sedition more than terrorists or Putin. DNC interfered with the election
@realDonaldTrump I'm from Russia, and agree with Senator McCain. You must destroy the criminal Putin's regime. Save Russia!
@RutheniaRus @realDonaldTrump that is war and would be squashed.
Tell us more  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/08/02/how-in-the-world-is-john-mccain-still-supporting-donald-trump-anyway/?utm_term=.6a15639f5aff …
You didn't know what Manafort was up to, after he & Rick Davis played you for a fool on behalf of Putin cronies 10 years ago?
@freeukrman
God bless you!
You're popular: #Russian pranker got pranked senators #McCain, #Graham and #McConnell

he doesn't want sanctions so you know he's against helping them kill russians.  these delusions bout DJT must end
@realDonaldTrump john McCain sir thank you for being a great friend of Ukraine and thank you for your service to the USA 
why aren't you responding to the latest news about #russiagate ? You went from volume 10 to 1 when the heat turned up.
. Yes he was to soft but at least he didn't crawl up Putin's ads with puckered lips!!!
. Obama was 2 soft but at least he didn't crawl up Put
Please lead full investigation into traitrous Trump/Russia actions. Lead impeachment proceedings now. NOW.
Hey Mc turn coat... Get on the team or get out. Your shadow gov is out of control.
Obama never slobbered all over Putin like 45 does. Nor did he hire Putin's cronies. STAND UP for USA!
im liking you cuz your the smartest one in the clown car, but you really have never met a war you didn't love.
Then you should've lead an effort to make a change then instead of agreeing with POTUS now.
@MeghanMcCain
Where was McCain and his #Russia hysterics when #uraniumone was approved?
anything to start a war with Russia right you cuck? Bet you were the kid that wanted to fight everyone in school too.
Do you ever wonder why McCain is so butthurt about Russia? Still upset that Soviets took you down in Vietnam.  Want more war?
@realDonaldTrump enough! We want a special investigation to trump/Russian improprieties! TRUTH NOW!
Wow. Talk about continuing the industry of war. how about NOT give #Ukraine war material, not continue bloodshed for geopoli
@realDonaldTrump Obama was a real traitor!!!!!! Never honored America or the Constitution! Time to back our Prrsident!
@realDonaldTrump Where were you Mr McCain when children were raped and murdered and whole cities destroyed? Never heard you!
american should not concern himself with lives of locals that gonna die from those weapons in #Ukraine civil war, right sen?
So what's your solution? Let russia do as it pleases in #Ukraine? US, UK, russia promised to protect their sovereignty
UA elites always trying to sell country to higher bidder. RU might be better option to current US backed idiots/naz
@mocheaptalk   And don't take us into another dumb ground war in Syria.
@MeghanMcCain @RealDLHughley this: U white folk hate blacks so much, a 'fake' birth cert's more dangerous than Russian spy
For starters, how do you ensure "defensive lethal assistance" is used ONLY defensively? Also, let CRIMEANS decide Crimea!
maybe you need to have a backbone and@find out what the REAL US/Russia connection is.  So disappointed
another war? Really?
boom that just happened. A reply by a real patriot. Go McCain!!!
Seriously?  Is this how our government communicates now?  On twitter? #investigatetrump #InvestigateGOP
Absolutely!
Trump already said he was keeping sanctions on Russia
@jaketapper please retire
Russia needs to get their planes shot for buzzing our ships! Take their men on the spy boats, exchange them for Snowden!
and you're soft on trump
Please!!!!!!! Our Intelligence knows what is happening with Trump & his people & their connection with Russia.. do something!
Do something before something terrible occurs!! You guys have the power to investigate this. Our & Your America is at stake.
Forget about working with @realDonaldTrump.  He is horrible for America and is lying about his partnership with Russia
McCain wants to fight with Russia until the last Ukrainian dies. Then what, John?
And you are too soft on Trump. Let's take a different course together.
Yeah but didnt you Rep undermine any attempt he made to do something about it? Oh but NOW you care. Hypocrites!
@realDonaldTrump But was his administration in bed with Russian operatives? America deserves the truth! #investigatetrump
next time tell him that Obama's not president. Get off Twitter and do his job (or attempt to)
Its nice to see you agreeing. We need to unite as in United States.Stop the bashing and scheming please. Thank you Sen McCain
this is the first thing I have said that did not make me mad. Well done
you need to go
I disagree with Sen McCain on his lack of support for @POTUS , but agree on the issue of supporting Ukraine!
Go Prez Trump!  We LOVE you, finally people in the WH with class, intelligence, decency & bravery!  Shine the light!

Маккейн хочет всю Украину затопить в крови
Маккейн главный мировой террорист и нацист.  Он  так хочет войны и чтобы было море крови славянской.
Ha! I like that, Sen. McCain. Call his bluff.
you are a man of character and strength, please stand up for us and be the man we know you are.
So how would.U have stopped # Russia?
please draw on your inner strength to do the right thing for the usa not the gop  It will pay off in the long run. #courage
how about we don't
Arguable point but President Obama wasn't in the habit of having Putin in his cabinet.
come on senator. Do you still have the fire to be a statesman? Then investigate Trump admin and Russia.
For the good of our nation u have to work with Schumer to get Sessions out the way & investigate subversive regime in WH
Crimea was a mini-Russia with an obsolete submarine base. Obama was very good at choosing his battles. Trump undermined him!
I am worried about Obamas OFA bent on destroying our Democracy
@realDonaldTrump Putin OWNS Trump. Obama was a brick wall compared to Trump's cupcake positions.
not sure why we are threatening our NATO allies and ignoring a Russian spy ship off our coast!
