then Stand with our President !   YOU ANSWER TO US..  and we are very very very disappointed in YOU.  we love our President @realDonaldTrump
Did you not read the speech? McCain is a globalist, that is why he does not stand with our president.
I expect us army could take trump in jail right now. Do you guys really trust trump with nuclear weapons?
John. You better take trump down fast. Time is short.
Why don't you worry about China?
Why don't you worry about trump?
Bc he is doing what we elected him to do.  McCain is on his way out, shouldn't seek re-election, but he will.
McCain can handle nuclear weapons. Trump doesn't.
Trying to be relevant, but your time has passed. Mucking it up as you do only makes you feel important, and hurts the USA.
Well if they love him in Europe, they can have him.
Dems think he has cred because he's a spoiler. He's tarnishing his legacy, and should retire and spend time with his loved ones.
If Dems really thought he had cred, he would have beaten Obama, who was a neophyte. They only love him when he fails Republicans.
I use to be nice and just say please RETIRE Old Man McCain! So now I say please just friking die you old piece of ISIS lover War Monger!
Go home McCain
With all my heart, I thank you for standing with the people of America. Not letting you know who bully you to not help us. God bless you.
Another liberal thanking McCain. Hmm starting to see a pattern here. Libs support McCain republicans from AZ don't .
Of course not, because McCain is a decent human being. The rest don't give a shit about the rest of us.
He cares about you how? You are another liberal that likes McCaine.He made promises to republicans as a republican. He's not such a good man
If he wants to represent the libs he should become one and run as one.
Let me explain it to all you THEORY PEOPLE Joan. I live in AZ my insurance has doubled. He ran on repeal and replace. Then changed his mind.
We don't give 2  ,s about anything you have to say!!!
You would not understand what strong leadership is. You are a liar.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. Well said. Thank you for being the voice of reason.
Thanking God for President Trump!  MAGA!
Your part of the reason the U.S. doesn't have strong leadership. Lead by example @SenJohnMcCain! Quit being part of the problem!!!
No, people who voted with their hopes instead of their brains are the reason!
Delusional! Work to be a solution and not part of the problem. We are not the United States at this point. There is nothing United about us.
How can we be united when things are so unbelievably crazy and people buy it?!?
We put up with 8 years of BS and I for one, am ready to see some changes made for the American people.
No one cares about you until you support our country and OUR president!  screw you and your healthcare plan.  I dont have healthcare cuz ofu
We have strong leadership but you and the libs / Rhinos keep obstructing, let @realDonaldTrump  do his job , I have zero respect for you.
Only 1 way acceptable 2 Rs & Ds: working together to govern and get tRump out. Need u & other seasoned leaders to lead that now. #StandUp
Welcome Back to Washington D.C. Hoping to see @GOP and @DNC begin working at representing all the people #HarveyRecovery #DACA #Russia2018
#TruthToPower #Italy
Did you send a copy to the man that you voted for as President?
You are a true American hero. Your strong statement is telling the world who we really are. We are not represented by mistake president DT.
How's the committee to fix the VA working out? Oh I guess you are look at the Mayo Clinic as a model.  #FakePatriot #BetrayedOurVets
Senator, all due respect, you have lost the respect of Americans. And as for you, BFF Lindsey, your ticket will get punched in 2020. OBOY.
LIAR
Part of the swamp
Too many years as unproductive senator. Stop fighting your own party
 @SenJohnMcCain #Retirement a great option for you. GO now spend some time with the family. We dont want you. WE STAND WITH #POTUSTRUMP 
RINO alert
strong US leadership?In 100 yrs name ONE country US has invaded which has prospered/elevated? The people are fed up.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XKInBwa-FUE …
Sorry sir, but you have NO business being in Italia representing America.  You intentionally have let Americans down who have no insurance
because of Obamacare.  You, Graham & the others have only till the end of this month to Repeal & Replace Obamacare.  If not, you will ALWAYS
be remembered as traitors who joined the Left/Dems against America & Pres. Trump.  You want so desperately to be a "Hero"; then do the right
thing & get all 8 including yourself to stand firmly behind Pres Trump to Repeal & Replace Obamacare.  Otherwise, you'll be a traitor 4 life
I'm a hard-core Democrat & we LOVE John McCain!!
You're the ONLY @SenateGOP with honest, courageous humane AMERICAN values!!
Thank you!!!
American people voted for @POTUS you need to retire you act unhinged
We the people, NEED you to retire asap.  We do not need anyone in office who is blatantly against our Great President
#herotozero sinks lower every week
Go enjoy your family and retire..dont need your help with anything..You're part of the swamp and you need to go..please
Maybe you should be in Washington working on problems to show you really care about the US instead of being in news all the time.
Should you be jet setting in your condition?  Who paid for your trip? The taxpayers?
We already have one. Your services are no longer needed.
You went against your own people. Lost credibility
Strong leadership? DEAR GOD, it ain't you two goofballs that's for sure. Or do you suggest ROMNEY? GO HOME YOU GOOFS.
Meanwhile, you publicly bash your Commander In Chief, and vote like a Democrat. 
Senator, I just read your speech. How can you speak of showing  compassion to refugees while you let yourself be photographed with this man?
This man blocks even faster than @realDonaldTrump when confronted with the slightest hint of a critical question
He is a great supporter of Trump and defends many lies spoken by POTUS
But even worse, Wilders is racist. I used to believe he was not. But he supports awful ideas
Senator, stay away from Geert Wilders. He is toxic to our society
Traitor.  Traitor.  Traitor.
Thanks to you I will pay close to 2000 per month on insurance premiums on top of 300 per month student loan I'm crushed but DACA will pass
At least you will be out of office well before our president
I'm not comfortable with you speaking anywhere on behalf of the US.  I don't feel like you adequately represent us.
Great idea, & that's the way it used to be. Unfortunately, Trump's incapable of being that leader. Words are good, action is much better.
If losers like you, #RINOs, #Democrats would let our wonderful caring #POTUS45 lead, we would ALL be better off. Stop your BS.
That's exactly why you're being voted out this Nov.  You along with some of your colleagues are useless. Unless, being bribed.
The American people want terms limits for Congress not career politicians.
you don't represent most Americans why u never were elected Pres, and you will lose state election too
He just got reelected so either he needs to die off or resign because Arizona can't take him for another five and a half years.
Senator, we have strong leadership in US 4 first time in many yrs.  Time Congress started working with US Pres.
You're an embarrassment to Americans
The irony... you are undermining US leadership on foreign soil! You're a sellout not a leader. No Respect @SenJohnMcCain
Do this country a tremendous favor - R E S I G N
Says the poster child for term limits...
The world's heroes are people who did what was right at difficult moments. Thank you for doing what is right when the country needs you!
9 million Johnny your toast.....lol
Sir, with all due respect to your military service, in my eyes you have become a traitor to your party and country.  Resign.
He was a coward
plz explain:
Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
NO! You Soros TRAITOR will not read your remarks!!
Your support for "Strong US Leadership in the World"
you're 8 yrs & ONE president too late. Maybe it's your cancer eating away your brain
Oh we read them and all I can is wow what a bitter, sore looser you are.  We the people have spoken, get with us or get out.  #MAGA
If I tweeted, and every single reply was scathing rebuke by my "friends", I was give at least 5 seconds to some serious introspection.
Numbered, judged,....
