FINAL: #Dbacks 11, Rockies 8 
Naw. It’s an AZ team. In general...nope.
Retire You Radical Lunatic RINO Traitor!
My Mets did poorly this year. So I’m rooting for the D-Backs. For @SenJohnMcCain. A true American hero.
So excited for them it's been awhile. Have to go change the emblem on my car for support.
Meanwhile, healthcare premiums still too high and insurers fleeing individual markets like rats. Thank you for helping fix this problem!
Distract, obstruct, delay. Blah blah blah. Do your job and get something done. RETIRE Brutus
So says liar and traitor, McCain. Time for @SenJohnMcCain to step aside for someone with INTEGRITY!
Retire before wr start a recall agaist you.
Sorry Ken, but your fellow Arizonans committed to six more the years of him. But you do have a chance to remove Jeff Flake.
Your lie on the Obamacare vote gave victory to the d-bags.
Wow sorry but anyone that makes a rude comment is just sick,  get a life
Love D Backs senator but I'm a true Doger fan, so go Dodgers
Beat LA!
Im actually happy to see you happy, sir. This is from a CA Dem.
I have to admit that I was rooting for the  @Rockies. I'm a loyal fan! Congrats on a very good game! @Dbacks Good luck against @Dodgers.
Cubbies never forget all of Chicago are not Cubs fans.Is'nt  it great we have other choices.
Senator Az is my winter home but i  my NYY , hope this finds you feeling well ....
Congratulations!
You obviously care more about the Dbacks then you do about the people of Arizona you lied to to get reelected!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Sorry its Cleveland Indians year
Good luck to your D-Backs in the playoffs sir! Sincerely, a Cubs fan.
Would love to see D-backs take it all the way.
Snitch you don't support Arizona! You punked us twice!
Oh shut up you old fart You soldout on repeal & replace
Hope they go the way for you Sen McCain.Go Diamond Backs.
I love baseball as well. Now stop taking $$ from the NRA and create some bipartisan legislation on common sense gun control.
1) God bless you sir - truly country first.  2) Nice win, but IMHO it's the year of your other "hometown team" (the Nationals).
Man I want my money back, I paid for a seat and only sat on the edge the entire game
Look out Dodgers, here we come.
Retire and go to all the games, take a friend.
Heal up sir! 
As a Rockies fan I was extremely disappointed , so I am going to cheer on the Dodgers!
I bet you got some pretty nice seats with the $7M you’ve received from the NRA!
Get your ass to work....do something productive...
WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS, HEALTHCARE?
Why don’t you bring home a win for the taxpayers and support the Senate’s 2018 budget and get #TaxReform done! #tcot #OurTaxCode
How's your pet tumor doing?
Congratulations!
I won’t call it outstanding, but yes, still a win... 8 runs with your best pitching staff is not very promising
The Diamondbacks are back to the Diamond
Working on the Tax Reform Plan, America is waiting for the Tax Cuts too. The baseball tickets are expensive!
Outstanding respect for our president not like these anti American Congressman that take a knee
"I will never lie down when the President of this great country comes to shake my hand." 
- Thomas Gunderson, survivor of the Vegas massacre 
Please retire John
Great win for the DBacks! Hope you're feeling well today.
All I cd thnk was:Felt like they were trying to set an example for their biggest fan, McCain. #fightback #teamneedsyou #kickass #cancersucks
Too soon to talk about gun violence but let's yuck it up about sports? Not sure how do you recipients of NRA money sleep at night?
Condley, zeesh, how self-righteous can you get. Do you sleep at night living on stolen native land w the decendents in 3rd world poverty?

I have to support my @Yankees here. No one thought a rebuilding year would have resulted in them getting the playoffs #28
The rino traitor lives.
Cubs again!!! @SenJohnMcCain
Really? With all that's wrong with our administration really baseball. John please do what's right before you leave us it's on you now
Yeah stop leaving our borders wide open than try to take our Amend.rights away,give ur self & non-Americans free healthcare but not citizens
Wish we could say the same about #Congress. #RetireAlready #RINO #TermLimits #MAGA
With all due respect senator, the @astros are ready to take it all this year. 
#orangeout.
RINO
All do respect Senator.. We're taking you guys out.
#Dodgers
