Thankyou for having town halls, @SenCoryGardner @Sencould learn from you.
This actually happened yesterday. It's over now.
Are you willing to go as far as impeachment if Trump was involved with Russia and their interference in our elections....and criminal chrgs
John get that committee formed to investigate #TrumpGate #russiagate #RussiaInvestigation! America is waiting
Muh russia is fake please explain how russia interfered and what evidence there is to support allegation
Why are you a traitorous globalist communist warmonger neocon!!
words matter when @realDonaldTrump speak, y is it ok u provoke K who has Nukes, it endanger Americans
why is okay for you to meet with Russians but no1 else can?
Are you working for the Democrats?
He's a globalist warmonger neocon.  He's no REPUBLICAN certainly not a conservative
Please explain how russia interfered and what evidence there is to support the allegation
. Why are we not yet moving forward with a select committee to investigate Russian interference in our election?
there was none
Do u think that ppl in political office at a certain age should release what medications they are taking be4 going on TV Maybe a warning 
What about Trump's profiteering! He promised tax returns & divestment. He lied! Impeach!
When are Republicans like yourself going to stop speaking against Trump and actually stop him?
why haven't you made more of an effort to call for outside investigation in to Trump/Russia ? #ImpeachTrump
Muh russia narrative is fake no evidence anything happened
why are you not leading investigation into trump/russia connections?
Bc there are none muh russia narrative is a distraction from disaster that is the Democratic party
Why is Trump family allowed 2 work in White House and run all of their businesses? Why r they exmpt frm ANY ethics?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155212227593459&id=6499393458 …
Question:  Can we have another president since this one doesn't seem to be working  out?
Why r u upset with dems filler busting scotus nom when u said you'd block any nom that HRC would nom if won-some sen would keep seat vacant
Why are Trump, Pence, Bannon & Miller still in WH????
Thank you for standing up for America..!!
do you hate Donald Trump because he did what you couldn't do or was it his insensitive remark about POWs ?
Is this a threat? Is the United States now an oligarchy? I thought we were a Democratic State #FilibusterGorsuch
please Senator McCain.
.vote no on Gorsuch
calling all Democrats.Your hero is on facebook.
It's true...at least out of Republicans, he's done some pretty heroic stuff. #countryoverparty
why are u in Congress rolling back Internet privacy protections? No 1's data should be for sale without permission
Because they were given huge campaign $ in exchange for vote
what is your position on secure borders? How do you feel about the wall? What is your position  on Illegals?
He wants mass amnesty and open borders
someone told me you collaborated with #VietCong as prisoner in #Vietnam. What are the facts?
Idk what he did as a pow but as a senator he's a traitor and is selling out our Republic

here a question. Switch parties now.. but u won't cause u then won't get on TV. No news if a Dem blasts another Dem
you need to find out how the clintons helped get 20% of our uranium into Russian hands. This is insane.
l don't care. Tell me why you voted for that damn Internet information crap.  Good grief, you can be so unamerican.
1 world order tyrants like u are losing!! Thank God!!! Retire!  America 1st! Freedom 1st!
darn I missed it
@Morning_Joe Joe and others called this time as your finest hour, Senator. So many Americans agree. Thank you.
has anyone asked if you still have the Trump Russian sex tapes. Word on the street is you were privy to them?!
nunes recusal?
Term limits
extremely disappointed to see your name on the list of Congress that sold our ISP privacy. 
Did your mother ever tell U if U can't say something nice say nothing at all, remember that when it comes to POTUS
I believe you can help during this dark time inUS politics We the people deserve the truth it's not about parties.
do you consider yourself part of the swap?
why do you take money from George Soros and Saudi Arabia?
when are you going to retire?
Why are you pushing so hard to increase military budget?  Anything to do with the $ Raytheon Boeing and General Dynamics to U
Yes our Vets deserve more and we should provide for them. Our defense budget is already bloated.
are you and Grahm going to continue to support the Democrats?
I am a lib dem and 
Encourage you to keep speaking about re trump/Russians and supporting military. True patriot
keep speaking out on Putin. Appreciate it.
when are you going to retire?
why are you still preaching lies
Your attempts to undermine @DevinNunes are shameful. The MSM is your constituency. #RINO #leaks
when will you resign
u ask Trump to prove it well he did and ya you were all in on it recall time
is it true that u were in collision with the dem and the Russians against Trump thats treason
sorry I missed it I have A LOT of questions for you , maybe you could message me :)
Why did you send the false dossier about Trump you weasle
waiting on a statement about Evelyn Farkas interview comments... should this b investigated?
Senator , you are one of the greatest Republicans, 44 universal healthcare nations on earth, Why We deserve better
Americans might deserve a better healthcare than people in 44 universal healthcare nations in the world, Please Sen
WHY DO U CONtinue TO UNDERCUT THE VERY THING THE PEOPLE ELECTED President Trump for?
Lord Tywin McCain, we, the smallfolk, beseech you.  Bring this boy king to heel, and his family if need be!
Please I know Republicans have their own agenda. You are not there to represent them, but to represent Arizonians
Why keep supporting Gorsuch!! He is pro corporation and not a friend of working class people?
How much were you paid by ISPs to vote to undo #FCCPrivacy? What mental backflips did you do to justify it?
when this year do u retire
why are you hell bent on investigating Trump instead of Hillary , TRAITOR....
Could you please explain the process for creating an independent investigation and what it will take from congress?
why hasn't the congress invoked article 25 against trump ?!!???
Why is impeachment taking so long?
a)What is it that the Russians have on you & Lindsey, b) How often do you talk w George Soros?
why are you such a tool for the Left wing Media? "We need a Republican to bash Trump!" , "Go find McCain!"
Why do you claim to be a republican? Are you and Lindsey having a fling? Is Russia really that much of a "threat"?
How do you justify increasing the cost of the military while the citizens sworn to protect are left to suffer?
How do you justify the cost of military at the price of cutting health and human services? Geez, hits the VA...
thank you for reply to my question re my marine vet son I've never gotten this far with any letters I've sent to Congress
How do you justify military spending at the price of not being able to grow food during climate change?
Increased military spending at the cost of labor, agricultural, health and human services, and environment??? Are you nuts?!!
@S @SenJohnMcCain about his private meeting and solicitation of the Putin-connected Oligarch who employed both Manafort and Podesta  $$$ ?
@AZAgainstTrump @facebook No on Gorsuch. Why don't you have an in person townhall?
What's your stance on term limits for the senate?
I prefer real townhall but appreciate that you're doing sthing that's available 2 all unlike @RepDavid @JeffFlake
help us understand why you wish to go to war with Russia.
Why do you insist on supporting  traitor and liar?Mom's aid birds of a feather flock together u support a traitor
why raise a fuss, when you always vote the party line?
is there any way Devin Nunes can be replaced?
#TheHammer...
it would be a waste of time. You won't do anything about trump just let him destroy America for profit
your fake town hall is a waste of time.
Why are you afraid of holding a real town
trumps admin and staffers phones being purged ?
Seriously? Well good. Here goes...Did Obama or someone in his admin ask you to pass that Trump dossier?
who is going to pay for the trump wall
when will Trump apologize
what. Was the wire tap results ?
when will TRUMP RUSSIA BE INVESTIGATED
and when will HILLARY be investigated into selling uranium to Russia WMD
We are going to replace Republican Senators & Reps who don't support Trump & who voted to give away budget
If Trump was in bed with Russians financially -not disclosed--mpeachment?@SenJohnMcCain @facebook
When are you going to retire traitor McCain stop siding with democrats on everything
Please explain position on Pres Trump's exec order on Clean Power Plan. Climate change threatens AZ, US interests.
What will it take for Repub Senators & Representatives to do the job we sent you there to do ---SUPPORT TRUMP
How can we get down Prescription Cost?
U YESTERDAYS NEWS DUDE!!!!! BORING UNTRUSTWORTHY GOOFBALL!!
nobody cares about you McCain, you're done
disclosure of WH salaries for kin
Can you and Lindsey and a few others pay Ryan a visit?
Senator McCain, when will we see a serious investigation into Russian tampering w/ our election?
Do you support the open kleptocracy with Ivanka and Jared working in WH? And how about emoluments issues?
, my big concern with PODUS is his role as commander in chief over the military. Is this a concern to you?
why are you not leading effort to release trump taxes are you afraid of trump?
Look all his followers are dems.
Russia refused to donate to ur 2008 campaign, u have been freaking mad at them since.
he met recently "secretly" with Putins right man but does not talk about it publicly of course!
hi John, why is Trump still allowed to pass bills when his administration in under criminal investigation.
BECAUSE HIS ADMINISTRATION ISN'T UNDER INVESTIGATION*NEWS FLASH* WHATEVER UR WATCHING UR BEING LIED2
why are you not asking for Nunes to be impeached?
I can answer that, because Nunes has done nothing to be impeached about.
To ensure impartiality, House Intel Committee Russia investigation must be bipartisan. How will u make sure it is?
are you going to allow #ConManDon to roll back climate change policy?
why don't you retire already?
you served our country and now is the time to "come out clean" of all wrong doing to our country!
Senator; Why are their so many casualties. When Seal died& Yemen;30 civilians lost. Mosul; several hundred killed
I'd give anything to have you,graham,Kasich in white House; why doesn't Pres own Responsibility for loss of life
If Pres innocent of Charges; let's see taxes,WH log.Son in law; did business KGB agent. Going to b invest;Treason
can the rep party afford the truth about Russian influence and trump for four years?
Tell us how you were duped by Putin's oligarchs, which turned Montenegro into Moscow on the Mediterranean.
In turn that put Ukraine in Putin's hands as well. Then of course funding ISIS, gave Putin Syria. All your doing!
"transparency" Senator since you a country and not your "foreign donors"-right?
why not a full repeal, do you guys like taxing us to death, too.
Why aren't you being more active in getting to the bottom of the Russia connections to the government?
The only crime uncovered to date is the unlawful unmasking of American citizens.
why are you opposed to single payer?
then your bank account with all donors from the middle east who have bank rolled your "campaigns"
No one cares to hear from you senator!
stop going out of your way to undermine Trump
WHEN WILL YOU RESIEN
Why?
Are you a democrat?
disclose your trips to the Middle East, dates, times & names of people met with "details"
Help us understand the vote this week regarding internet privacy.
& the vote AGAINST requiring 45 release his tax returns....
Where is John Podesta?
