Thank you for what you are doing to help these  children
Save missing children so you can DENY THEM HEALTHCARE.
While this is great, a very long time ago, Canada stopped insulting native people by inappropriately calling them Indians. Please catch up
So impressed by Senator Kamala Harris at hearings yesterday. Exciting to see calm, direct questioning by this expert lawyer
Stop interrupting @SenKamalaHarris. She is your peer, act like it
John...you need to APOLOGIZE to @KamalaHarris NOW! #Resign         #PartyBeforeCountry #Disgraceful #TrumpsBitch
Your seat at these proceeding is considered to be as an honored guest, but you seem to think you are a full part of them. Go back 2 sleep!!
Wow that great John what about the budget
Wow that was real important not taxes or healthcare what a rino
Losing respect for you at a fast rate Sen. McCain! Your annoying and outright wrong treatment of kamala Harris is appalling!! 2x now. Shame!
Thank you John.
One man show??
You sold out!! Disgustin!!!
You're a sell out and an ignorant fool. History will remember your betrayal. #CindysNewJob #HarrisIsSmarterThanYou
HOW, after how T questioned your service to this country - "I like those who aren't captured?" can you cave for your wife to get a gig?
Maybe it's time to leave the Senate, or at least get rid of your sexist/racist views, fully displayed twice now against Sen. Harris.  Shame!
Why did you waste all that precious time in the Comey hearings? Shame on  you!Owe all of us a huge apology..not a joke.
Senator McCain: DON'T ever interrupt Harris! At least she remembers what she wants to ask!!!!
Great! Keep your focus on passing bills that help Americans instead of off the cuff criticism of POTUS!
Who do you think you are to interrupt @KamalaHarris. She was asking the question & u aren't even chairman. #AzEmbarrassment
Perhaps it's time to hang it up so you can enjoy those Diamondback games all you want. You seem to be in your own world.
Your ?'s & behavior when interrupting @KamalaHarris  was disgraceful. Comey hearing you were clueless, this one you were rude & clueless.
Get repeal/replace and tax cuts passed!  Thats what GOP promised and need to get elected in 2018.  Don't you understand!!  Support  @POTUS
How about you stop interrupting @SenKamalaHarris ? #Mansplaining is not going to win you any fans #ShePersisted
You used to put country before party..now you put party before country..what changed? Your wife possibly getting a job from Trump. Sellout.
reps treat Indians horribly.  Don,t you care?
Boy, you really have a problem with female senators!  You raised no objection when Sen. Wyden also questioned Sessions aggressively.
You should show respect to your colleagues especially if it's a woman !
You have no rights to cut her off!
The country isn't proud of u faking dementia @ Comey trial bc your wife had job lined up @ WH. U bend over 4 so little  it's time 2 leave
Lost respect 4 you. Hearings show time 2 retire. Ridiculous questions 2 Comey & your treatment of Harris Maverick is OVER.  You're aDISGRACE
Meanwhile, you waste all your time in the sessions hearing asking questions that have nothing to do with the matters at hand
Does it gripe your ass when a smart woman puts a Republikcon on his lying backside?  It's obvious you have a problem with strong women.
Senator, you don't look or sound good it's time to retire!
I will no longer show you any respect! You used up all of your passes! U r now nothing more than a senile traitor! You are done.#TermLimits
U have a personal vendetta against @KamalaHarris @SenKamalaHarris ? U interrupted her on all hearings. U & only U did that 2 her & only her
How about finding the Senate health bill for America??
Why don't you keep your mouth shut during hearings when women are asking questions. Pathetic.
I would go as far as to say cutting off Kamala Harris came off as sexist and rude.  I like you Senator McCain, but it's beyond the pale.
I used to respect you. Now I feel like you, too, are being blackmailed
Thank you for passing a bill that may help protect our children in a nightmare scenario- when they go missing.
I hope you do something constructive for Trump and Pence...
Omg, you don't have anything else to do...
Terrific! But you lost some legacy today  when you left the reservagion and stumbled into the "ex  officio" committee job.
Time for you to retire you are pathetic on how you treat our President!! We the people!! Y'all work for us!!
You fought proudly for america now you sell out in the end ? Can't you make a final stand like a true patriot?
I'm sick of it too
You were one republican I admired. Now you've sold your soul to the devil aka Trump. What a disappointment. Shame on you.
Dude just stop.  You're irrelevant now.  You've sold your soul.
Are you proud you traded any remaining respect you might have had for your wife's new Trump-job?
????
Let's see you stand up for 1000s of Arizonans who'll lose access to decent, affordable healthcare if Trumpcare passes. You know it's wrong.
Do not lead the charge on our president this is unamerican how can this happen
John you and your wife should be ashamed. Selling out to Trump. #shame.
Ahhh this makes sense for the questionable turn. I never thought you'd silence someone speaking against trump
@SenKamalaHarris Please speak on behalf of all women in this country that we will not be quieted by ANY MAN not even a contemptuous one!
Wish the Indian Nations would secede & allow all nonCult 45s to join them Not being disrespectful quite the opposite pls save us immigrants
I state "my" bill for "your" work, what about "we"? Is there some reason y'all can't leave ur ego at the door and work for us-not urself?
Does this make you feel better for selling out the American people?
Please stay on the side of the middle class and say no to that healthcare bill.
That's great, along time coming. Now get to work on Trump, Russia.
There is no Trump Russia. McCain would rather see Trump fail than see America go forth
Sooooo....you are under investigation for #TrumpRussia ? Let me get my popcorn.
How much have you been paid thru-out by res to block gaming at turf paradise? You are a sell out!
You didn't intervene when Wyden and your buddy Sessions were yelling at each other. It's obvious why you chose to silence @SenKamalaHarris.
You want to talk about why nobody who is running the pedogate networks in D.C. have gone down yet? When are the big arrests coming? Waiting.
Pyres have been the laced at strategic locations to send up smoke signals, and carrier pigeons are at the ready. #Progress
So you only interrupt the only brown female asking a simple question?? 2x in the last 2 weeks, I think she deserves an apology
She was acting like an arrogant know it all. He answered she didn't accept it interrupted constantly. #respectrequiredBrownOrWhite
Very good thing Sen. McCain. Now please protect ALL children & FIX Obamacare & vote NO on Rumpcare. Continue to be the hero you are! Thanks!
Give them their land- wouldn't that be nice
Senator, do YOU remember that lunch @TheMayflowerDC? ;) KIDDING! Just trying to inject some levity into today's political clime...
What did you do for healthcare, the wall, illegal immigration, jobs, taxes?
Whatever do you mean Senator McCain please elaborate
Excellent!
