How about paying them a living wage too by increasing the federal minimum wage?
What are you going to do about healthcare bill and people in need?
Trump's interview w/the economist where he believes insurance premiums R only $15 per month. He is totally clueless!
Also, I stand behind the AHCA. You should too. The REAL problem with O-care is that Republicans didn't pass it.We fixed that.
@BarackObama @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @StephenBannon i never met SKorea Gov`s Secretary n President`s. i will wait to Sunday from them`s.
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @BarackObama  Arrest Disable is cruel. Meet n negotiation is need. Sorry but Two party's opinion is all are wrong.
retire
Great job! What have you done about ACA rollback & horrible replacement? How about MEDICAID?
This is pure evil, look how they try to put a happy spin on it, makes it even more vile and evil
Your bill won't help those who will die bc you took away their health care. Shame!!!
What about our fellow veterans that will suffer under the #AHCA ??!!! Do you care about them??!!!
But what do you have to say about the disaster of a bill that is the GOP healthcare plan??
Thank god you are not a follower-you care about people instead of following the president especially on healthcare!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your leadership and support for @NationalService @Voices4Service
Is this like unpaid interns?
Please save American lives by opposing the new health plan. It's horrendous and everyone knows it. Be the Maverick again!
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz in SKorea. http://MB-www.kbs.co.kr -SAMSUNG- @moonriver365 n his Cabinet- @joongangilbo prohibit my work to there.
#Trumpcare

You hang your hat on this?
How will you be voting on the disasterous trumpsterfire-care bill Mr. Senator?
Unfortunately he will vote yes as he has always done. It is the party not you that counts.
What about all the folks you're taking health from to make rich richer...shame.
@BarackObama @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @StephenBannon i never met NKorea person n never protect NKorea. Other SKorean met.

I don't always agree with you, but I respect you. We need your independent voice more than ever.
Too bad it comes on the back of this
Speaking of vets, millions gained access to health insurance with #Obamacare. Now what will they do with PTSD is pre-existing condition?
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz if need my aid?direct to them.they try use me for their greed benefits.if i accept their asks, i must ruin your system
How does this square w/ Interior laying off staff?
Are we gonna get kids and Vets to work for free?
I hope that this is an honest $ for work
I'm sure you'd rather be talking about that. #saveourhealthcare
Good @SenJohnMcCain Nice work.
Ps. Are you voting for 23 million Americans to get dumped from healthcare? This bill is a POS and you all know it.
Senator, most Americans recognize U as a  Vietnam War HERO & a distinguished career. Continue to fight for everyday Americans & Veterans.
Have you put S.66 on the floor for a vote yet?
what about our healthcare so we don't die?
How about introducing a healthcare bill??
Now introduce yourself to the healthcare crisis that is looking you in the face.
Will they get healthcare???
Is your bill being put through an open committee? If so then its going through a more rigorous process than the health bill. Unfair!
Sir, please also take the time to tell us your reaction to and plans to vote on/amend the healthcare bill.
How about intro a bill to rid us of agent 45
Terrific now what have you ever done for the citizens of Arizona....NOTHING. traitor, false valor. Hanoi tapes tell all.
Senator McCain - you're supposed to be a Maverick and one of the good guys. Why aren't you speaking out against this EVIL healthcare bill?!
Thoughts on the bill that re-tools 1/6 of the economy? You know, the one that's going to cost American lives.
Super-what about the rollback of my #healthcare? #healthcareforall
...said the pebble that fell in the ocean.
Legalize marijuana...create jobs, fed tax and helps w PTSD.
I oppose the proposed healthcare bill.
Nobody is listening to u You are irrelevant. We will listen the day u tell us u are resigning
U gonna turn on ur party again ?
Just focus on health care for now
Fix the PHX VAMC, you dolt
As you vote to deny Medicaid to millions of senior Americans. Unacceptable.
This is a good idea if it pays a living wage for such service, as most young people and veterans cannot afford to work for free.
Seriously. You can't even get them insurance.
Retire
And a healthcare bill that will kill people.

Anyone who votes GOP is either a moron or evil.
Put your energy into protecting my health. Or don't I matter anymore?
Create a national torture and immigrants hunting service. Open face. No more lies.
What's your stance on AHCA, Senator? Are you going to roguely go rogue, roll over, and vote yes?
All young ppl should serve our nation in some capacity after high school.
Senator, Why is America beholden to Insurance companies and the billionaires they produce? Why R U? There was a time i thought u were good!
Let's focus on healthcare please.
John just stop.  Dems and republicans don't care anymore about u.  Sorry. U blew it.
Great. Can you also vote no on @SenateGOP health care bill? Would hurt young people and veterans (and old people, sick people, women, kids).
Of course, when the vets return, you're voting next week to make sure they can't get healthcare but ok...
Satire aside, at least that's a good idea.
