John you are ALL TALK.  You always blame others for your lack of ability to get things done in DC.  Retire!
they just need a new Senator.  @intel
Yes, thank you POTUS! Bringing jobs, jobs, jobs to US!
no thanks to you. You seem to find anyway to undermine the President.
So MANY other well deserving states. Be careful @intel - McCain is a traitor.  Always has been. He will screw you!
Sorry no credit to you.
Where were you during Benghazi lies and VA killing Vets. You never helped!
For the record, Obama stood in front of the exact same plant in 2012. Intel held off on equipment until now due to demand.
@INTEL the plant is full of foreign workers on visas. NOT AMERICANS, I lived there, have friends that work there.
I worked for Intel for 10yrs. The AZ site will have a mix of US emp. and H1B. Most of the plant is automated.
I agree, but there is a lot of anger at how companies abuse the H1B visa program (Intel included).
Yep, you are right. 2 things: 1) Fabs req technical training at least an AA. 2) HS diploma not enough for Intel.
I have seen the abuse, a lot of college educated high paid techs looking for half their wages, and few opportunities.
So, companies are not bringing visa employees here to save money, it is for skills they cannot find otherwise.
I beg to differ
@BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Thanks, Obama!
Intel project under OBAMA<   Trump should not get credit, as usual branding it as a Trump 'deal'  sleazy
yeah no thanks to u damn traitor. Thank to pres Trump for bringing jobs back. He keeps his promises!!
THANKS @realDonaldTrump  Will you make this statement Sen McCain?  He is pushing for more American jobs in USA
wow they are not going to China??? I wonder why that is...
bringing the pork home
At least you don't try and take credit like Trump does...
not yet
I believe Senator McCain genuinely cares, doesn't make it all about himself.
I like him
As a Sr Tech Mgr I'm glad to see Intel revive Fab42 in AZ due to IOT demand and other technologies.Not due to Trump!
BS. GOP is cheating Az tax payers by allowing tax breaks to these moochers. Tired of your lies. #TheResistance
One more job opening is needed - yours.
If you would like to report illegal aliens, plz call ICE at 1-866-DHS-2ICE (347-2423).
#ThankYouDonald #Trump & @intel;They were creating jobs in #Arizona whom McCain forgot,while you're too busy attacking #POTUS
Of course, you will not give any credit to Mr. Trump.
don't take credit for this.This is Trumps deal!You need 2 change party affiliations 2democrats! support us or @POTUS
THANKS MR. PRESIDENT!!!
Get real...it reflects POTUS changes in our country...no thanks to you.
Does the POTUS warrant any credit for this?
Good of you to take credit for Trump's accomplishments.
nothing but simple exploitation of cheap labor in a right to work State
to bad you didn't support Arizona's children.
it's nothing you did to make this happen!
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Its because of president Trump . Give credit where it is due .
Is this Trump trying to get you off his case?
cofounded by a Hungarian refugee immigrant.
And mainly because of @intel's confidence in business policies set forth by Trump admin.Give credit where it's due Sir
Shame on u-MSNBC Yemen mission failure. Quit talking-figure out why!Obama decimated military & intell u were nCongress then!
Your ObamaCare will take up most of your paycheck in Arizona. John has done nothing to help fix that fiasco!
OK, but they "announced" this same program to Obama in 2011...
ummm, and a huge corporate tax rate cut by your boss...maybe something to do with it.
WH Press Release says $10K, Intel $3M. This is an @POTUS44 win if it happens. Intel reportedly laid of 12K in 2016.
You are an American Hero! Trump draft dodger can't take 3 weeks of criticism while you went through hell for years.
Yeah thanks TRUMP!
you should thank Trump for the Intel deal, but I know you won't. I think you are working with Dems.
Who is going to do business in a state represented by a term limit poster child. Can we impeach you
I am so disappointed in you accepting money from DeVos for your vote.
which you had nothing to do with.
nothing to do with you McCain
if just you focused on your veterans...after all you wouldn't even be here today if it wasn't for our vets. Digusting
the plant is full of foreign workers on visas. NOT AMERICANS, I lived there, have friends that work there.
Just make sure they hire Americans not work Visa holders like they have up until now! I know I have seen it in AZ!
Right no thanks to you!' You can thank President Trump for it but you won't! You r shameful for grand standing on Tv
Johnny, You had nothing 2 do W/  this, you take Credit?
Intel was in Trumps office.
YOU DID NOTHING
@realDonaldTrump
Trump is making you look good. Support the President. Not the NWO Soros funded Globalists.
You forgot to say "Thanks Donald!"
let me guess..... You and Arizona did this? Can you give any credit to Trump?
yeah check your pockets John how much money do you pocket?  How did you get another term? Russia hacked the vote
Senator you're becoming a disgrace with your education vote ! Support OUR President MAGA ! Get on the Trump Train !!!!
FM fellow VET (USN Ret). Criticism of Yemen SPECOPS wrong. Questions CPO Owens sacrifice. You do not deserve Intel.
THANKS TO DJT, President, and BTW the Yemen mission was a success even though we lost a BRAVE life, and a plane! MAGA
Senator, stop talking against Trump administration. Ur motive is wrong., and self-serving political. WRONG!! STOP!!!:
thanks President Trump!
how about giving our President some moral support and stop being an obstructionist! If you can't do us a favor, retire!
#Arizona: Open For Deportation #GuadalupeGarcia

Stop #ICE, Senator. Families should never be ripped apart.
then families should NOT enter country illegally. Where is personal responsibility?
All due respect sir, that Oval Office scene was disgusting and awkward. Jobs in AZ, good. Trump campaign prop, bad.
I, for one, will never forgive you for unleashing Sarah Palin (and family) on our country.
as someone who was in the military why is your Arizona VA Hospital the worst in the nation what a disgrace
this was done by our president with no help from you as usual
Complete setup. Speaking with some inside knowledge, this was in motion since 2012. It is nothing new except politics
Which of AZ's collegiate institutions has been worked with since 2011 announce to fulfill jobs? Or H1Bs & maquiladora?
@MeghanMcCain Instead of criticizing a special ops mission & playing politics to hurt Trump get back to AZ & fix its VA.
Apparently not a good place to be a veteran! Where have you been Senator? Vets dying right in you own backyard!!
you had a chance to step up and righten the ship of disaster floating aimlessly in TWH. YOU DIDN'T!
Nothing to do with anything you have done!  Too worried about Russkies instead of your own home state!  VA Hospital!
#devos #bought #shamefull
Just not a great place to go to school or be a teacher.
Thanks to President Trump not you Johnny. Time for you to retire.
Wheres the McCain/Bush Romney train...#H1B visa reform! S.180 vote for it!!!!
did you thank them for the layoffs too? Or you don't remember?
no thanks to u John -it was Doug and Trump.
and thanks to @POTUS
nope. Still pissed at u for voting for DeVos. #DumpDevos
#devos #shameful
Thank you President Trump. God Bless America and President Trump
did DT just become a little more palatable to u Sen M?
This is good, but Trump shouldn't take credit for it
California though, now 6th largest economy even with pesky environmental regulations and high taxes
Thank you and congratulations Sen McCain! Feel free to take credit over DJT.
THANK YOU President Trump. You are the man.
Intel's decision was I think because Donald Trump is the President. Why it did not happen during ex pres. Obama?
John McCain is a traitor to American school children. Sad!
Don't change the subject; you hurt AZ by voting DeVos. Education here is already poor. Do better; #RejectSessions
Hot but very nice. One of my favorite.
hello...it is not lost on us that this factory was started in 2011
Thank you President Trump...
Deal made for tax break from a Putin sympathizers, Republicans. Traitors, disgrace to country, don't smile about it.
it's  the trump mystique no other reason for intel's decision. @realDonaldTrump @HeyTammyBruce @MariaBartiromo
Weren't they building this five years ago? Or is this something different?
Is this a NEW one, or another state of the art to be built and shuttered? They have a factory that never started up...
oh sorry I forgot this was old news from obamas presidency. You're gas lighting bro.
No John, it represents Trump
way to go! The future is now!
thank Trump and I think your time is pass
was this the trade-off for your Secy of Ed vote?  How could you vote for her??
why did you vote for DeVos though??? Thanks for selling out our kids!!
u would be against anyone Trump picks.  U probably didn't even know who Betsy Devos was until he picked her
bye bye egg
what's the difference of me not having a photo and you having a logo for a team and college you will never attend?
because you're a troll. And I went to Mich and have family there so I know exactly what this DeVos chick does. Bye
going to a kiddie college in Michigan does not mean you went to Michigan university.
it's U of M dumbass, not Michigan University.
Tech jobs are better than building the #KeystoneXL pipeline.  And way more of them.
like you had anything to do with it.
This happened in 20 f'n 11: http://ln.is/newsroom.intel.com/n/hTmRb …
Did you thamk President @realDonaldTrump ??
& it has been in planning for 4 yrs.... 
Still very good for Country & Arizona!  Does @intel still oppose travel ban?
I don't care about  @intel .  You sold my special needs child's education and future to a Pay-for-Play know-nothing! 
HiTech does not like the immigration ban... will you support?
congrats Senator
Don't pound YOUR CHEST U OLD MAN $50k from DeVos for her appointment YOU SOLD OUT. FIND A NEW JOB DAMMMIT YOURE DONE!
I'm really disappointed in your recent votes. How could you let us down like that?
sorry,cant get excited about anything u have to say anymore.I thought u had integrity,u choose power + influence.
Sir, can we talk about the state of our democracy?
Caretta Scott King's words are important, don't you think?
nope
great now stand up against racism #rejectsessions
speak out against Trump's tweets, investagate his ties to his businesses.   Tell him the constitution works.
Great! You don't have Trump's taxes do you?
thank you @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
You have nothing to do with this job creation =TRUMP !  You should have done this years ago =No respect for you .
congratulations
go away, Tool!
- How did you get elected?.
it looks like the Dems crossed the party line for this RINO #Sessions
remember when they announced this back in 2011?
Passover when they cancelled it due to the unstable climate
I'm happy for Arizona and new growth. Please walk your talk and don't rubber stamp trumps damaging picks and policies!
and now we have to be ashamed of how our Senator voted on education, disgraceful
I am sorry Intel. I don't think you should follow through with this.
