.@SenJohnMcCain What are you, John?  A traitor, a liar and a murderer.  How many people have been killed due to your warmongering?
John, you have a thug in the wh, do something about that first, then we worry about putin.
Sir, our military is useless w/out vibrant democracy. Putin  smiles in darkness. Light cleanses.Reveal what U know & suspect
.@SenJohnMcCain @SCClemons You and Graham talk big but in the end, you always put Party ahead of Country, so meh!

Done with Russia & Dems! Lack of outrage over & invest into Obama/DOJ steal/gave millions to progressive orgs?
1st we need to know the enemies within. #ThingsWeShouldInvestigate including @realDonaldTrump @VP Sessions, Kurshner, et al.
Monsanto since 1901. Follow them and famous political family and assassinations. #Parallel
why you don't get that by badmouth the current president. And what do you think about term limits there big guy. Not enough $
if you're not set in life by now you never will be give it a break get term limits in there.
You define peace through strength as making peace with the liberals and gaining strength against Trump
@CNN @TheLeadCNN INVESTIGATE THIS U HYPOCRITES: John Podesta and the Russians http://www.wsj.com/articles/john-podesta-and-the-russians-1477262565 …
TRUMP is the thug coward! He is undermining OUR country and is allowed to do it! Murder in the street and no one would care!
First get his puppets out of the White House
Support our president. Support AG Sessions. We're tired of witch hunt. We're paying attention to our senators
Putin now runs the united states

THANK YOU, Senator McCain, for speaking out against this administration's ties to Russia! A MILLION THANKS!
Instead of representing Trump/Putin!
You and the other Republican need start doing your job and represent the voters that gave you your seats.

@trumpworldnews Support Trump or Resign McCain!!!
Get on the TRUMP train, or get out of the way!!!
now we're talking! We believe on you sen. We've always known you see the country before the party. Helps us see clearly plz!
Nothing at all like having lunch with ISIS Syrian commander though, right???
We are not ignorant and will remember come election time!
If you supported our president I am willing to be he could negotiate the Russians out of Crimea and Ukraine.
and don't forget bestie of the prez's top picks
If only this seemingly obvious truth was accessible to the minds and hearts of all Americans.
*Thanks for voting @BetsyDeVos through.   Without your vote she would not have made it.   Good to know all it takes is $50k.
And your a known traitor that collaborated with the communists in North Viet Nam.
And what are you? A traitor to us Republicans, un American talking hogwash overseas. You're a disgrace! You are no hero #MAGA
Please investigate Russian ties to Trump administration!
you are right, so why doesn't Trimp see that. What's the deal there.
so why is this administration so cozy with them?
Then you need to drive for a thorough investigation into election tampering and collusion with the current administration now
This kind of vitriol does nothing to help our country& actually hurts us. Need Russia as an ally. We may not agree with them.
#AssClown  #WarMonger #NotMyWarHero Just go away already!
#IndependentInvestigation
@JeffFlake If you are truly concerned about Putin, how about cleaning the @WhiteHouse of #PutinsPuppets ?
love the way @SenJohnMcCain says it like it really is not a #trump
add to that a Trump supporter
I don't entirely agree -- REAL PEACE, REAL STRENGTH is psycholgical-spiritual, not result of escalation of violence.
Never Give Up-We count on you!
How fitting that you two clowns go the #FakeNews network. #TermLimits
Senator, you forgot to mention that Putin is also a friend of Trump &  the Administration.
If you were serious about countering Russia, you'd demand Putin cut off from SWIFT. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC http://bit.ly/2ddPO4f 
don't start a f**king war with Russia! Focus on America first!
thank you. Now make Sessions resign.
Songbird and still demoralizing patriots to this very day.
And @POTUS admires him.  Do you see the conflict here? Trump and his Russia sympathetic administration need to be purged.
DUH!?? GET IT YET!?? TRUMP VOTERS!!??
I agree McCain,  but one thing puzzles me, did u attempt solicit donations from Russia? Never seen if u addressed that.
K so whatcha gonna do ? Problem w/ ur tweet statements. Sen. Booker engages in dialogue w/ constituents JUST A SUGGESTION
Then grow a backbone and stand up to Trump.
and peace through an administration that is not under the control of the Russians!
So what better way to show strength than to confirm Trumps Russian compromised cabinet. #Talkischeap
and a federal government that doesn't coddle him
Кто бы говорил. 
Садист, убийца - Маккейн.
Russia is unfamiliar with soft power because they've never had it since the soviet union collapsed. Good will, leadership, honor...
You are right but he still has more: Trump's grand master.
How  Do  You  Feel  About  The  A.G.  LYING ABOUT  TALKING TO  RUSSIAN  AMB.
what are you going to actually DO about the admin's obvious ties to Putin? Words r great but action is needed. U know this.
Investigate. Don't stop. Should be abi partisan investigation to get to the truth
Who are you mister Maccain?
How much people was killed by you?
Putin is thug enough to take you lot on .. and beat you up
LOOKS McCAIN  ASSUMES FACTS FROM DREAMS
WHY DO AMERICANS SIT ON RUSSIAN BORDERS?
WHO IS THUG?
RUSSIANS ARE NOT ON US BORDER
Sessions needs to go..
WTH?! why are ur followers mostly Dems/Libs? U better stand with @realDonaldTrump & not undermine him/his Admin>not proRussia
Please demand Sessions resignation. I'm disgusted by Repubs lack of backbone and ethics these days.  Please stand up!
Sounds great, as always. You, however, are all talk, so you'll let us down again.
You Republicans never went after the liberals for nothing they can do whatever they want but you go after the Republicans
This is exactly what POTUS wants, peace through strength. His speech on the Carrier Ford was amazing...a real love f/Navy.
What good does building up the military if we have an administration controlled by Putin?Have to get rid of Putin influence.
Dear Senator McCain, thank you for standing for all Americans. Make the Republican party great again sir.
why have you failed your constituents and confirmed #Putin cabinet?
that description of Putin, with all due respect sir, is much to polite! #understatement2017!
I wish you we're our President.
then stand by @POTUS and quit siding with the @DNC.
John you sit down. You voted for him.
we also need an honest administration and AG that are not in cahoots illegally with Putin and Russia. America deserves better
you're a traitor to the republic and the REPUBLICAN party
One sane Rep on the bunch, tell me there are more of you & you will unite to fight this craziness. This is not American way.
Join the calls for Sessions resignation/recusal & indpndnt invstgtn n2 all things #TrumpRussia .
yeah so stop trying to destroy @realDonaldTrump let him #MAGA something you couldn't do!
Strength is a Republican with your integrity calling for Sessions resignation & Special Prosecutor on Trumps Russian contacts
Nice!  Keep it up.  Thank you
then ask for #Sessions resignation NOW. Stop talking and take action
FDR: "We must be the great arsenal of democracy."
RU Ldr legacy near 100 yrs straight: unimaginably horrendous and valueless
Putin and Trump are our enemies. Democrats are just your opponents, people who also care about America but differ on details.
Time for you to treat the Putin White House as enemies of America. No quarter for those who accept foreign help in elections.
Keep the rhetoric going and you may burn the house down yet. 894/899
We the people deserve better than this Russian circus that has taken over our government....we need you to weed this out
We also need an independent investigation into the alleged hacking. Who knew what and when? #Watergate We need a John Sirica
We work with "Thugs" & "Killers" *peaceably* all the time, from Venezuela to Saudi.  Somehow Putin is different because?
please put these words into action. Please work for peace and don't just talk about it.
and why Sessions must resign and why we need an investigation. This aggression cannot stand !
can't be any worse than the terrorists you associate with.
then...DO SOMETHING
watched your town hall. It took you less than 10 seconds to backstabber @POTUS. Your a traitor only interested in $.
Thank you, Senator McCain for standing up for what is right!
Lets know what you are: #corrupt politician with hurt feelings on a witch hunt wasting our $$
what we need is honest actors in the white house and our government!  Please do more than talk.
they are not scared of you or that whimpering Graham that's for sure! Talking love on TV?? What the heck!
Of course Putin is a thug. Of course he interfered in US elections. Of course you take no real action. #SpecialProsecutor
Traitor
i think you first need to clear out/clean your own house/senate/gov. Its infected with ppl who dont care about US @SCClemons
does peace through strength mean over-extending and over-promising?  #YOLO
just follow the money!!!
that's what POTUS is doing!  Rebuilding military and peace thru strength.
Thank you sir. Part of that strength needs to come from integrity in the administration, trust in our leadership & diplomacy.
then why is Putin so fixated on getting sanctions removed? They should be expanded and strengthened.
you cannot have peace through strength, that's attrition.
We're counting on you, Sir. Step one, get him out of our politics. You know what to do.
الذي يوم بالسلام لايدعم الإرهاب الدموي
go get 'em.
McCain is a hack
الذي يدعوا للسلام يكون مومننا بالسلام منهجا وسلوكا
What Russian scandal. Peace thru strength is exactly what @POTUS Admin is about. There is no scandal @SenJohnMcCain
.@SenJohnMcCain #SpecialProsecutor now! Self investigation never works!
you mean the special Prosecutor for Clinton, Holder and Lynch?
Saying it like it is! Reason we love you @SenJohnMcCain! Why aren't the rest like you? @SpeakerRyan
لو انتم مؤمنين بالسلام لأوقفتم العدوان على اليمن التي تقوم به دول التحالف بقيادة السعودية ضد اليمن
wonder what your ties are to him.
I ponder that Keating 5 money invested w Ukrainian Oligarchs thus his obsession w Ukraine & Russia. #TermLimits
That's why Jeff Sessions needs to resign and Congress should expedite this.
this is why we need to blow up the WH administration.
Thank you very much. I know I can count on you for this.
