Breaking News: Saudi Arabia agrees to let women drive, ending a policy long criticized as a human rights violation http://nyti.ms/2yqTCHz 
Seriously John u would rather bomb SAudi Arabia!  War monger.
Come on cancer, finish him!
As we witness the expansion of rights of women abroad, we must not lose sight of the fact that much remains to be done for women in America.
I am a woman who owns 2 companies. The constitution applies to all American women. We are not oppressed.
Women who claim they don't get promotions - question for you - are you a bitch at work? Your behavior determines your success.
Shut up you ISIS loving war criminal. You're a disgrace.
Why does this Saudi Arabia praise story get more coverage than the scheduled crucifixion & beheading of 14 young pro-democracy protestors.
Yeah "Boom Boom", aren't they the biggest contributors to your foundation? You guys are close! Why didn't you tell this to them then? Right?

Y concerned abt saudi women's rites? Go and see whats happening in Rohingiya.completely speechless on yours indifference and duplicity
Really? A step in the right direction? Please, this isn't 1917, it's 2017. What next? They can drive themselves to their own stoning?

Yes, like stop slaughtering Yemenis.
...but in spite of that, still yr greatest ally
Like bring them to account for 9.11 slaughter? If in doubt I'm sure Prince Bandar or #SaudiJohn will help with details? Support relatives!
They are your pay masters. Thats why you want topple the Syrian government for them. Shame on John McCain
A step in the right direction is getting you out of office #RINO
How much longer did the doctors give you?
I bet these friends of yours would support you on this.
Spoken like a true anti trump liberal Democrat. Taking credit for something you have nothing to do with.
How is this legal ?
Its for your own protection...
Who gives a shit!!!
You support the Saudi Wahhabi Head-choppers.
Who are you ?
Thank you for helping us keep our insurance
A step in the right direction would be your immediate retirement!
John McCain needs to spend his time working on tax reforms, healthcare, and stopping illegals. Wake up and do something productive forchange
Strange that @realDonaldTrump just signed huge arms deal, did sword dance with sheiks in Saudi Arabia. Is he for human rights abuses?
Can she see in that??
@SenJohnMcCain, the only "step in the right direction" is each day that brings you closer to retirement.
Don't hold your breath, John--they're studying it until June of next year. They fear driving will mess up those LADY PARTS!!!!  OOOOH!!!!!
Will you promise to not personally accept any money or resources from Saudi Arabia until there are equal women's rights? #SaudiChallenge
McCain does not care about Americans.
Now get dictator Trump to stop tweeting LMAO
next year, I C, not now
tomorrow
You won't be around, one way or another.  Thanks for keeping your word
The only step in the right direction is you stepping off the Senate and let someone else stand.
JOHN MCCAIN IS A LIAR
SHUT UP MCCAIN YOU TRADER..
a great step in the right direction.
Puerto Rico!!!!!
McCain you have been working on things for years and yet have accomplished nothing - it’s about time you hang it up
Please retire
Why don't you take a step in the right direction and RESIGN now!  You are unfit to hold a position in the senate!  #ResignMcCain #MAGA
I can never forgive you for your vote for Obama care
Still waiting for your reply when do you sign up for Obama care and give up your free medical paid for by me. Or start using the VA traitor
#Traitor.. The reason why you won't vote for repeal is because you envy @realDonaldTrump . You wish you are the President now. #MAGA
Traitor

I hope you are feeling well Mr McCain. Thinking all good thoughts for you sir.
Start doing the right thing.
I am so glad for those women!
You need to retire, You're not loyal anymore.
John McLiar still trying 2 b relevant. We have females n USA who can't drive because they can't afford to treat herniated discs. So what!
A step in the right direction would be to get rid of John McCain. A real scumbag liar.
You should take a step in the right direction and repeal and replace health care
What is the angle
Retire and move to Russia senator. You let the Arizonains down and Americans
I guess USA can now elect first ever female president!
Do everybody a favor. Switch back to DEMOCRAT. You are doing more to screw this country than obama and the clintons. SOROS PUPPET!!! SAD!
They are living a medival life style .
No help from you.  Earn some respect
Thank you, Senator.
You have you done nothing to complete any of your pompasric promises? You have become a pawn for the democratic agenda. BRAVO
Saudis are committing war crimes in Yemen and have one of the world's worst human rights records. Why does US support?  Boycott!!
You want to bomb them soooo bad, don't you Johnny?
Your opinions cease to matter anymore, you sold out your own state for revenge. shame!!!!

Why are you even concerned with this?  Don't you have a job to be doing in in the US Senate? Life in SA isn't your business. DO YOUR JOB!
Your indebtedness to and collusion with these barbarians is about the only thing I dislike about you these days.
SA moves forward while US moves backwards
Good for .@SaudiEmbassyUSA & .@AlwatanSA congrats
.@SenJohnMcCain I hope that your love of people will some time in the future out weigh your hatred for Trump and help repeal Obamacare.
Go home.
Next step: cocktails
Next step...get rid of McCain!!!!!
Watch out, here comes Trump's attack on women drivers.

and Jeddah where Eve's tomb is prominently displayed as a reminder women are 2 blame 4 the troubles in a man's world?
Yeah, now Saudi women can drive to their own stonings.
And people think #johnmccain is for them. He's for himself. #sellout.
Funny how Hillary took millions from them for her campaign but the liberals were silent. Pathetic.
Your daughter has more smarts than you. This was a good old boy no vote. Demo Robert Byrd would have been proud of you.
1969: that small step, giant leap
did 48 years get lost somewhere?
What great, ground-breaking progress this would be for a third century sultanate
I voted for you, believed in you, and I'm disheartened now.  You've turned you back those that voted for you.  Repel Obamacare.
Yes, it is happening. Women will change the world. Just watch.
A step back into where they were before we bombed all the Middle East. Nice.
Lol u bandwagon hypocrite. When did u ever criticize Saudi Arabia when they were funding ur illegal and immoral BLACK OPS?
We can discuss freedom in other countries once our "president" recognizes our right to freedom of speech and the right to peacefully protest
Good thing they didn't need your vote.
what about healthcare john?
Can we stop the GOP propaganda and lies about Sharia Law now? Please stop the GOP spin that promotes racism and bigotry. That would MAGA!
Hey John how about u do something for the people who elected u!  OBC repeal, decrease taxes, infrastructure!!!!!? Waste of a vote!
Now they can drive the fuck out of there!!
@SenJohnMcCain KEEP UP THE FIGHT for YOUR HEALTH and health care! Good luck from this vet to you!
I wish you would care as much about repealing and replacing obamacare as promised!
John Baptist said he wasn't worthy to tie the shoes of Jesus. In US  context: @realDonaldTrump is NOT worthy to wash the feet of Sen. McCain
Absolutely true! Thank you for demonstrating the real lessons of Jesus and the Bible instead of greedy, political religious right spin. 
Thank you, sir.
Wtf so I care we want healthcare reform
Need to address hoe women are being treated in the country as well.
Please explore RSO FECO for your brain cancer Rick Simpson Oil
You have betrayed the whole nation by refusing to put an end to Obamacare.
One former vet to another, Best of luck and good health. You are a great example of what all elected officials should be.
Keep going Sir this great country needs you
You are an angel for millons of Americans. Thanksp
I'm sorry that you have to work so hard in your leadership role to guide this stupid Congress to work bipartisan Lee
Exactly!  We welcome them to this century and encourage them to move forward in this direction!
That's your priority? Screw middle class Americans & Small Business - let's make sure foreigners are treated right. You're a joke & disgrace

Thanks for your  NO vote on G/C bill.
A “step in the right direction” #FullRepealObamacare funds @PPFA abortions killing http://children.You ’re a liar, hypocrite #babykiller
RETIRE TRAITOR!
What ? Only step in the right direction is for you to ride off into the sunset and announce your a democrat.
John Ive now heard u give your opinion on a # of issues and Ive also watched u say nothing! And I must say I prefer u keeping ur mouth shut!
7 years you talked repeal and replace.  Now this!  You screwed this country and your party.  Time for you to retire turncoat.
Please, hang it up.  You continue to obstruct
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Can you please retire? Thank you.
John McCain is a Rino.
Once again you Man up!  Thank you for reminding all of us what being an American is!
This is between the citizens of Saudi, We have no business pushing our way
God bless you for your service Senato, it's time to step away.
You think? But the sword dance & orb holding was fun for DT.
@nytimes Sorry you're sick Senator but maybe u forgot when the US Congress got verklempt over women's shoulders this summer?
What about doing some soft presssure on the US-Allies to make sure fundimental human rights are respected. Still a lot to do worldwide...
a step when a leap is needed
You are AMERICAN HERO  an honest, genuine god fearing man doing is duty.our country. In our Prayers, may God continue to guide you.
Love you John I don't always agree with you. But one thing is.. your an American hero. No-one can take that away
Mr Senator, always derailing and sabotaging Mr Trump agenda. Please stop it !!!
You abandoned us
RETIRE !!! YOU DIDN'T KEEP YOUR WORD !!!
Tell Trump to retire! John Mc Chain is younger and nicer! And John McCain does a great job
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for your service and for doing the right thing no matter what the cost. Unlike the coward @realDonaldTrump
Your leftist are happy
How about working on our own problems like the failing Obamacare?? You've become useless  and a nuisance. Time to retire! Get out of the way
Big change doesn't happen over nite, even if it's due. More to be done, but a step. Thx for saving my health-care, by the way. I was scared.
This is a symbolic significant step forward
Are you colluding against a foreign country?
So much more!
Shame you couldn't say that about the repeal Obamacare bill.
Yes its amazing! I heard that soon athletes will be allowed to kneel in protest before big sporting events. They are on the right track!
A step in the right direction is for you to retire
Prayer for you and your health.  Please take a step out and get some very needed rest.
I can’t wait for your retirements. There is no place in America for Neocons and regime change Senetors. Those and you are over....bye bye
Thanks John McCain! You are our hero! Prayers for you sweetheart
Bravo! Thus begins the dominos falling. Looking forward to hearing about more women's freedoms & honoring human rights from Saudi Arabia
Lol. This is serious?  This is a step? What is it the dark ages?
Easy to finger point and disparage!  Find it in urself to encourage positive steps.  For Saudi, it's huge!  It's not USA, it's Saudi!
Please step aside for someone who did not lie to their votes.
GOP should give bi-partisan regular order a try. if a bill is formulated then they can claim that they met the Dems 1/2 way an take credit
America 1st !!!! Try it !!
ACA has been a disaster 4 my family ,our business & my employees. U have done nothing in 7 years to repair. &UR  TALK THIS?RESIGN TODAY
Funny that you are getting your accolades from the Democrats.  Speaks volumes.
word
Thank you for your strong, much needed leadership in the middle of the vacuum.
THIS IS HUGE.  PRESIDENT TRUMP IS AMAZING!  ARE YOU PROUD OF PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR THIS ACCOMPLISHMENT SENATOR MCCAIN?
Get A Job
I'd like to see the stats on number of wrecks vs number of drivers before and after this policy change.  Jk but would be interesting ;)
