trying 2 figure out how protectionist stance benefitsI always think-follow the money-but in a global economy(no going back) hows it help
John, we the people don't listen to you anymore.  Your just a bitter defeated old man.
since current trade deals cost us 50 Billion dollars PER MONTH , it would be better to have ZERO trade ... NONE NADA than this crap "trade"
Seriously, does anyone still respect the opinion of this man, he should be out on his ass
Absolutely.
I consider McCain one of the most respectable, experienced and capable politicians alive and in office today.
Ever heard of the Keating 5?
Yes...
Did you know McCain was cleared of wrongdoing in 1991?
Political connections do wonders when sterilization is required. He was described  as the most disgusting..
Right...
You keep repeating that to yourself while overlooking decades and generations of service to this country. 

Good luck with that.
Jeff, you really need to reevaluate your position on McCain..he's not a good guy, very self serving
POTUS Needs to get out of the way! He is bringing this country down! He's FIRED!!
OOPS! I think you have him confused with Trump. Honest mistake I'm sure. #LyingPOTUS @realDonaldTrump
By the way, according to Rex, Trump is the moron. 
Actually, when asked, Rex never did say that he didn't call Trump a #MORON. He avoided a direct response. Go back and listen to what he said
By the way, I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you since you seem to be unarmed. You just keep blindly following. Bye Bye
This will cost US jobs now and future and give China upper hand in trade. Unbelievably shortsighted by USA #TPP
Retailers are screwing the Am worker out of jobs , and now ya know why retailers are struggling to stay out of BK. No jobs, $$$, no shoppers
HOW is an $800 washing machine "cheap" ?? $100 sneakers ?? We can't make that here ??? $25 bag of socks ??? Retailers are screwing us
Last I read is that GDP is growing at the highest rate in years no thanks to you
You are clueless
Johnny wanted us to get screwed again
.just like NAFTA ,GATT..no thanks ..by the way when are you retiring
We're falling behind. Other countries are taking our place. China will be the "green" leader we could have been.
You’re irrelevant and a traitor!
watch the retailers cut their own throats by being greedy for the cheapest wholesale prices so they can get bigger mark ups w empty stores
Retailers are screwing us by going after the cheapest WHOLESALE prices they can get , Retail is NOT "cheap" , they just mark it up more
Bullshit. The deal was bad for America
Please retire
I thought all Republicans were against the tpp
Sen McCain is an American hero. He has endured & survived more than any of us can imagine. He deserves respect from a grateful nation.
mccain meeds to be recalled !!
John I am so worried about you, it is obvious that this is killing you, PLEASE RETIRE!!!
HOW does losing 50 billion a month benefit us ??? It's absurd to think it will , we MUST earn money on trade or we sink eventually
Get repubs in line with a reality check. Trump is destroying us
On the other hand, FOREIGN corporations can't sue US to violate EPA PROTECTIONS 
Sorry 4 the interruption Can you please get ur colleagues 2 do something about the #moron #IllegitimatePOTUS in the WH b4 he starts WW III ?
Must read! SENATE destroying the GOP, this means you!

"Hate is as American as apple pie" H Rap Brown
Trump's ignorant hate makes America more poor
Justice happens
#Trump #WhiteHouse spends its time looking backwards. Globalization will not stop just because we have a president who is stuck in 1950.
Remember the USS FORRISTAL
@bannerite @WSJ @WSJopinion Your party John.
Thanks to Trump!
Trump has done great things....for his bosses in Moscow & Beijing
Big mistake for United States to withdraw from TPP. 45 is so stupid.
MAGA!
Get rid of Trump.  Save your country Senator please help us
Your a wanna be President you communist.  Republicans rule.
Loss of all of our alliances is both an economic & security risk of mammoth proportions!
More winning!
the effects of trumps stupid short sided America first policies in a global  economy will have dire consequences
It’s stunning that you’re on senate committee but get your info from MSM opinion pages & suspect or nonobjective reporting, then promote it.
This is so disappointing - all that work to get the TPP - and it was just thrown away, to our detriment as a world power.
Is it time to impeach trump now, or does GOP want to wait for things to get even worse for America?
Ship is sailing and we aren’t on it.
Of course it does. We act like we are the only Country that matters. The world will gladly pass us by
Wow, you are not concerned about my Healthcare, but my countries imports?
Fake News. At least biased. This is mccain.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Time to retire or switch to Democrat.
Trump's supporters don't understand.  There is nothing great about a hermit kingdom.
We are losing so much under this administration...
Thank you Senator for always putting country before party. You are my hero
Thank you, Senator. This article confirms that US needs to be part of TPP, in best interests of US trade.
Blah blah blah....
Shut up McCain. You have no clue, you are clueless. RESIGN!
Thanks to the RUSSIAN PUPPET THAT IS MAKING ENEMIES ALL OVER THE WORLD BY ORDERS OF PUTIN !! And the GOP ARE ENABLING HIM TO DO IT !!
sucks u can't get ur cut now.
What more could you have done to stop this Trump catastrophe, @SenJohnMcCain?
No surprise there. You're a good man Mr Senator but you also bear much of the responsibility for getting us here.
Now you guys are all for TPP, but when Hillary was pro TPP its was bad. All fun and games.. Now all this is coming to bite us in the ass.
Of course TPP is moving ahead.  China just took over our place at the  table.  If you want input, you need to be at the table.
But instead we have an administration raping & pillaging America for their own personal benefit.
Trump doing massive damage to future US trade prospects.
LOL, free trade has always been a Republican ideal, not a Democratic one.
Shooting ourselves in the foot.
Leaving the U.S. behind.
GOP the stupid party, supporting a crazy, moron while he destroys everything he lays his hands on. How can you cont. to ignore our peril.
So another example (Iran deal, Paris) of @GOP brutally attacking an Obama initiative as being the end of the world, but it wasn’t?
Unfortunately the person in the bully pulpit of the US will not read let alone heed this eye opening information
It will be one of the most costly mistakes Of Trump WH- the legacy will prove this out
#DonaldTrumpIsAMoron
None of the administrations policies are even thought through. Anti anything President Obama did is all they know, damn the consequences
When are the Republicans going to stop this President from ruining our country??
@realDonaldTrump  Thanks, Mr. Trump.
Our president is hurting this country. One example is pulling out if the TPP.
Consider impeachment might start to help !
Sir, I salute you, thank you for your service and sacrifice. something the boss will never experience, dammit!
The US becomes weaker by the second.  The fall of the US will be the legacy of 45 and this Congress.
I'm sure you are the best judge of a trade agreement McCain...
If we can prioritize the sh@t show of America right now that'd be great. We have treasonous traitor POTUS starting war & PRico, &bad tax pln
Good, ship it back
We are looking forward to USA's comeback to TTP.
What happened? Since Benghazi you have done a total 180, you might as well be a Democrat. Sorely disappointed.
These points were brought up when @POTUS was making his very public decision to withdraw. He doesn't really care how it affects us.
Another great move by Trump! This will not create jobs!
Bc we got a real dumbass in WH
The long term benefit was enormous. It was appallingly short sighted of HRC to come out against it. Populist opinion be damned.
I dont care what anyone says- TPP would've served America  well & given us a solid trading position in the region instead we gave it to 
Article is too optimistic. China has picked up many of these trade deal with the RCEP, the rest of TPP are working this w/out the US already
The people have spoken. Unfortunately, we were wrong.
Bad deal. Only thing Trump did right.
Blame Trump. He's hell bent on destroying America
No it won't. Just like jobs would not move to Mexico when NAFTA was implemented. We lost jobs and increased drug routes into US. STOP John.
Our seafood industry is going to get hit particularly hard.  Many from both parties foolishly believe that TPP is bad for AWs.
Yep. Our president is an idiot
@realDonaldTrump has screwed the country again. When will @GOP grow a pair & call for this lunatic misogynist bigot to be impeached?
Too bad the fear mongers shut TPP down...
Why are you holding up confirmation hearings? You should be removed from office.
Well,u shouldn’t have elected the thing in the WH and you still support the monster.So oh well!Maybe will get to be a 3rd country by next June.
TPP minus 1, US
Shut up
This Democrat thanks you with all my heart! I too remember when compromise was the regular order.  Keep fighting! You are a true HERO!
Are you getting paid by the post or letters, WSJ  has a new advocate, sad little man, to think the USA will not make trade deals
Our trade alliance is called NAFTA.  Supermarket to the world is ADM:  Archer-Daniels-Midland.  Hindsight gets one a head wound, Sir.
Well said by a Neocon, a true globalist belief system, I am proud to say that I am a true Conservative that swore an oath to our nation.
An extremely bitter Neocon, busily exacting his revenge on the President.
I agree
https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/916479199287939072 … #go5
This is the story of how #birthcontrol saved my life. 

#HandsOffMyBC 

…
Traitor
To bad you don't worry this much about us having insurance
John hatred has blinded you you should become a democrat all they push is hatred too
What does the POTUS mean by " calm before the storm"?!?
Trump is a complete idiot on Macro issues!
TPP was bad, only good thing tRump did.
TPP is still happening, just not w/US, which will cost us
Thank you for the truth Senator. We also must protect NAFTA
Ya, we got screwed on this one Senator!!!
I don't. Eli eve a word you say McCain, you would have sold out the US worker!
Get on board John
Trump is self-serving and short sighted.  Why don't you and some of the more progressive Republicans band together w/Dems to do something?!?
Aww is your wallet providers not going to benefit. Your not going to get that extra million this year of kick backs .
Another Trump disaster... this one facilitated by republicans who wouldn’t support TPP for fear of giving Obama a ‘win’.
Tell it
trump working his magic!
I'm with you, tired of losing every deal already; @realDonaldTrump is such a #LOSER #TheResistance #resist
Not good
Well SJMC, you voted for NAFTA and look what that has done to our country. Destroyed our manufacturing.
Really? Why don’t you give us facts. Maybe one of your donators or lobbyist don’t like the deal? What are you getting out of this?
Like Hillary, from the sideline, John is pretending that he is the Pres.of the U. S. Both are bitter & exacting their revenge towards Trump.
One of the dumbest things Trump has done...
TERM LIMITS 4 for senate (24 years) 12 for congress (24 years) That is fair.
Bought and paid for politicians have cost america its soul
Then stop introducing protectionist policies
America Last?
Say thank you to our current #FakePOTUS
You just don’t quit McCain.
This is what Trump's supporters fail to understand.  We need these deals.
POTUS will take care of it, stop scaring people. Take a nap or something

MAGA?
So why did u applaud trump at the time for  leaving TPP?
Thank you senator. And we best get used to this with the current administration.
Well we know...
Morons Are Governing America. #MAGA

If the Name of the deal was shortened to PP Trump would be all under it.  @GOP
That what Trump and most of the GOP want
McCain you will never support your President.
Go to your room and play with your medals.
You aren't the only guy got fucked over in Nam.
Way to be a democrat!
John you sir are a coward. That's putting it nicely. Get out of office you liar!!!!!!
Ha ha ha!!! Good luck with pushing this pig forward.
Sir, I am worried sick about "the calm before the storm" don't let him wage unprovoked Nuclear war
Someone needs to intervene with @POTUS and sit him down and speak truth to power. Former presidents?
Trump is not business expert, he's a con game expert. So why expect good or even decent business decisions from him?
If only johnny could be president.
Are you officially a Democrat now. Just retire
Explain this..  @realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump @pastorbones @PrisonPlanet  @SpeakerRyan  @ArchivesNYC
Save 1 job today -- loose m[b]illions tomorrow!! #NarcissisticPersonalityDisorder @realDonaldTrump
That's what the experts, the economists, said would happen.
Who cares. Why don’t you retire. All you do is try to upstage our President.

Why am I not surprising about @salemstate ? http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/10/01/whites-only-usa-racist-pro-trump-graffitifound-salem-state/hlEmzRHKq2BWMJnHfEF7YI/story.html?event=event25 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
Thank You   for your globalism !
Thank You for the Irak war !
Thank You for the financial crisis !  Go way .
Are really that stupid. Have you freaking seen where are economy is write now. Do you have any idea how we got there. POTUS NOT YOU
If you retired, like almost all people your age, you'd have more time to read.
Yep 
The only people hurting this country are 30yr senators and congressmen they have destroyed this country with every law they pass retire now
Sir, honestly after seeing Trump's behavior and decisions, he is a clear and present danger to the future of the United States. Please help!
Free trader that you are - how many US jobs did you destroy over the years?
I'm disappointed in you Todd retweeting this propaganda from the globalists at the Wall Street Journal and the scum Senator McCain?
Don't need it
#ImpeachTrump  Trump s a moron. He is hurting America not making it great.
Good for them! Hope all of you who voted for Trump are getting EVERYTHING you wanted!
If the people of Arizona re-elect @SenJohnMcCain, we should pull all border patrol agents out of the state and just let them figure it out for themselves.
You are taking meds that say donot drive or operate heavy machinery . You shouldn't be making decisions concerning America. Retire!
POTUS is isolating America right out of all the trade possibilities. Ameriva will lose money & it will take us years to recover from Trump
John have you become a Democrat?you like the IRAN NUC deal you like OC you like Chuck And Nancy. What next?
Our country needs an intervention! DT is seriously unfit for the highest office in our country. Remove for mental inability to do job. Pls!
I'm loving all this winning! Just like Trump said I'm tired of winning so much.
And none of the gop/ rich donors that get fucked even talk. At the end we will pay more
https://twitter.com/SethAbramson/status/916027665550680064 … @gop #MAGA #RIPaim
Huckabee Sanders implied today that officials can maximize their disaster relief funds by publicly praising President Trump's leadership.
This president is insane! We are becoming a third world country when the world has always looked to us to lead. Best wishes!
Our Nation chose @realDonaldTrump,greatest threat to Country
This is really bad news.  We cannot isolate from the rest of the world.  Let’s get back into TPP!
Good. China dumps on our markets already. Last thing we need is the entire pacific rim doing it. TPP is a race to the bottom.
...this would have isolated China and implanted a US-style economic framework for Asia.

No nation is more happy than China about no TPP.
Except the US industries it would have affected. US companies must comply with US laws, but TPP competitors would have been exempt.
Some would that couldn't compete, but on the most part it would have opened up markets the US have been trying to access since the 1980's
If they can't be opened by extending US legal frameworks to protect H/S/W, then they deserve to remain closed.
Trump’s destruction of America, ordered by Putin.
@realDonaldTrump  Another Trump shortsighted screw up- pulling out of TPP just hurts USA. #DOTARD
Curious what Trump is thinking trim imports to juice GDP
McCain wth is wrong with you. We only export raw materials to china so they can take our good manufacturing jobs
You're the only voice of reason in the GOP
Tooooo bad McAsshole.
He only said he was a deal maker, never said who would benefit
The devil is in the details
Good, maybe we'll trade in borders more. Screw the socialists and their 1st world draining agreements.
Senator the neurologist called you do not have brain tumor cuz you don't have a brain
Why do you ramble like a liberal DemocRAT??
What about importing his products from China?
Go away McCain.
