Thank you Sen MCCAIN! I pray for your recovery!
Senator, Thank you! Your amazing actions on July 27, 2017 will go down in history as a great moment in time. Sir, you deserve all the honor!
Yes. This will certainly go down in history but I don't think mccain is gonna like being remembered as a lying traitor
The name of a good man will be remembered, but a  habitual liar - not so much! Hopefully, one day you will realize McCain fought for you!
Ok KC. You are absolutely right bc you will continue to bug me if I say otherwise & I'm too tired to play back&forth right now
Hi Becky, no I wouldn't do that (smile). We all have a right to our opinion. Truly have a wonderful blessed night.
Thank you KC. I appreciate your kindness. Best to you
These people think we are IDIOTS 
REPEAL that unconstitutional monstrosity and get the HELL out of our private business.
REPEAL THAT THIEVERY ! Government has NO business interfering  in our private health care decisions. Don't let them hood wink you.!!!
I voted for you. I want that vote back. Bad choice.
Did you keep your receipt? Arizona will issue full vote refunds if your vote was within the last 30 days. Year if you bought the warranty.
You are my hero !!!
You are a war hero, and our country hero !
Want to Thank you again for your courage and empathy for the American people with your NO vote to take insurance from millions of people
Poor poor delusional, angry ryan. You were conned for your vote &STILL don't get it. Trump said liked the uneducated-with that he was right
mccain youare a disgusting human being looking forward to theday that i will never have to see your face again. the devil is waiting for you
Why are u continuing to hurt working family's? My@insurance premiums went up, my husband can no longer be on my insurance. My taxes up????
Those of us who think "cooperation" n "dependence on each other" are real values of GOP have been shown reality by your vote. Be ashamed
Shame on you, sir. Shame.
You must be fricking kidding!!
TWEET TWEET...PREACH!!!!
Shut up!!!
Captivity is a free mans bondage, truth is a bond mans freedom!
your no vote is a vote for lower employment and wages due to the continued cost of the ACA; happy?
You should have voted no. Shame on you, this is your legacy
He's voting to continue debate. If you watched the video, he said he'd vote no to the bill as it currently stands
then he should have voted no and started over on a new bill. Why continue debate on a bad bill that he says he will vote no on?
Amendments?
You have stood by and watched McConnell run this Senate like a cowboy for http://years.You  killed hope today.
And so we watched a national hero do the bidding of a national disgrace - all while sternly lecturing others not to do the same.
Stop Calling John McCain a Hero for Flying to DC to Kill Other People’s Health Care  http://www.theroot.com/stop-calling-john-mccain-a-hero-for-flying-to-d-c-to-k-1797233267about:invalid#zSoyz …
You don't follow the news Obama care is and has been dead for a long time
Why were people arrested today? When is it against the law to ask questions. This is NAZI America.
'Today a group of weak white men endangered tens of millions of Americans just to try and destroy the legacy of a strong black man.'
You understand now that you have been sick. Kill the bill and start over
Sir, hats off to you for standing up for all Americans against your party, that wouldn't be forgotten!
Humility won't pay for glioblastoma treatment for the uninsured, when costs can reach $700,000 & higher costs mean longer survival.
I hope so,too, however, someone will have to explain the meaning of humility to the President.
Thanks! You protected a community of medically fragile kids who could've lost their life to this. Including my child. Deepest appreciation
Thank you, Senator McCain, for voting no. Hopefully there will bipartisan effort now to keep the good and fix the bad of Obamacare.
So now he voted no so that means no fix. Obama care will fail and then you can thank John McCain again for that!
He is encouraging congress to do their jobs, which is work for the good of ALL of us in a bipartisan effort to tweak ACA and make it better.
The problem is I have to pay more $ for the same insurance I had before ACA. Don't get any dr. Have to have one on the plan.
Then there is the huge deductible! Who will pay to make that better? You? This country does not have $! Have u seen Venezuela lately?
So pray explain why you voted to take healthcare from 32 million Americans who trusted you to give them something better I don't get it
He didn't. He voted to have a debate in public.
What's the point of debating a bill, where every version results in millions losing healthcare?
Because losing coverage doing nothing..8.1 rather pay fine now; cbo projects will be 15million soon.. Ocare is Nocare
What has congress done for last 7 years  that length of time they could have Remodeled a whole state let alone healthcare
7? It was 100% Dem control for 2. What did they do? Nothing, but disasterous Ocare against the will of the voters.. scott brown
No they created the first Healthcare program for America and help the country recover out of bankruptcy and 2 wars
Scott Brown elected in lefty Mass to stop it! Dems rammed through.. bad policy, designed to fail.. it only works if you don't


I respectfully disagree with your decision. Americans deserve affordable healthcare.
I disagree with your vote. I think it was feckless. I adored your speech though and wish you the best. <3
I wish, Senator McCain, you had stood up for the people you represent. You didn't today, you just played into the same rhetoric. Period.
Shame on you. Must be easy treating cancer when congress has great healthcare.
I don't believe you actually care for Americans.  If you did, you would have voted NO on this trumpcare bill.  May God have mercy on you.
You had the chance to solidify your place in history by voting against ACA repeal after you were diagnosed with cancer. Instead, you voted..
to strip coverage from people that have exactly the same condition you do. I am grateful for your military service. Other than that you...
up at night. Good luck with your recovery.
First try 2 keep us alive so we can pay 4 ur Salaries, Benefits & 10 months vacations each year.We pay 4 ur health care,help us 2keep ours.
Shame. :-(
I had great respect for you, this is a sad sad day.
I forgive you...for now.
Pls vote same healthcare for all that you enjoy. I am MN resident, love Mayo. Many struggle with what you have, my mom died of cancer. Pls.
You'll have to answer to your own conscience for this vote.
You could have served the people who elected you but you chose a different path. Shame on you!
does that mean I can depend on you to pay my health care bills when you take my insurance away?
MY question exactly. Have pneumonia right now & even w ins cannot afford costs. Reduce ins coverage? Will they pay/send cyanide caps to fix?
The GOP new healthcare plan is gas chamber service at a reasonable price!
How about U go on Obama care & give your coverage to us? I know that the hospital you just went to doesn't take Medicare. We are expendable
The Mayo Clinic hospital does take Medicare /it's the actual clinic part that doesn't.
But let me ad ....John McCain you are a evil vindictive traitor 
We've got one in Tenn also McCain wanna be #Traitor who will be voted out in 2018 Hope he's got a rocking chair ready He's gonna need it
Can't vote him out in 18 he was just re-elected for 6 years last year.  Stuck with him unless AZ citizens wake up and recall him.
I think GOD IS GONNA RECALL @SenJohnMcCain
SHAME ON YOU
#ShameShameShame  a #chainoffools #trusted #JohnMcCain  and your #betrayal will not go #unrewarded !  #RecallJohnMcCain  @SenateGOP @Potus
Help #RecallJohnMcCain  @thehill  @thedailybeast  @theEagleiRising  @SenateFloor  he and other #Republicans  #failed   to #RepealObamacare
You are nothing short of a national disgrace. Congratulations on placing political partisanship over country...again.
We do too and please see the fax we sent you today sir ! It is critical for HR-2810! 

http://HomefrontHugs.org/2017/07/20/hr2810/ …
Thank you Bambi for the RT so they see this !
EVERYONE PLEASE RETWEET
SUPPORT OUR VETS ACCESS TO
HC!!
This is for their surviving dependents
I find it despicable that VETS families who have
made the ultimate sacrifice are not taken care
of! Is our Nation COMPASSIONATE OR CRUEL??
It's not like that . Please read what we are asking Bambi and relax .

Elected on lies. That doesn't count
You have served your Country in many ways over the years but coming out against GC was heroic...
Dems want to come to the table; but they don't. They are liars. Vote them out.
you're a hypocrite and a coward
I will always respect him in serving this country. I cannot and will not respect him as a "maverick" politician who votes opposite his words
Why are you a republican? You don't share the values that republicans are supposed to have & fail to champion. #Repeal&Replace the @GOP
I have no respect for you and I am glad that you will never be President
His nickname is songbird for a reason
Your a decent man with integrity in my opinion. Well done.
Aint he full of shit! Ameticaa is not stupid mc.

Did u know HR3603 PASSED 401-0Required discl ALL info on POWs
So WHY did Trump ensure it got killed in the Senate…
You are an American hero, Sir!  Several times over.
Step down retire you are not helping anyone,let someone else do the work that's for the working class!!!
Looks like the only people you are serving are Democrats. After UR vote to repeal OC you might as well put a D out beside UR name.
your courage serves at what America is all about you saved alot of lives by being human verses politician
I can't believe you voted NO McCain.  Your state, mine & many others need help.  I feel betrayed, just because you don't like Trump.
You are a respected Senator!!  You don't need to be going back on your word sir!!!
I hope your contrived vote makes you and Biden happy. The people of America have to suffer. Drain the sewer and resign.
I am ashamed of you. I think you hate the President and are part of the crowd trying to destroy him. Go home and don't come back.

Voters are so easily DECEIVED!!!
Every person who follows McCain, whether you like him or not, needs to read this 
Doesn't govern mean reach across the aisle for the good of country and  people? I expect this from all our lawmakers. Fix ACA for the people
Hey, McCain.  Just remember what they did to the Russian aristocracy...You and your ilk are the modern equivalent of the Czars.  #votehimout

We don't always agree, but you are an American hero, sir.  Thank you for your service.
Obama destroyed u in the election, then he PUBLICLY embarrassed u during Obamacare debates & u want  to reach across the aisle? Delusional
Thanks again Sen McCain for another courageous voting NO  on The skinny repeal of the healthcare bill on Friday night. Love you John!!!
Your humility is a joke.  You voted down the ACA repeal.  You and Lindsey Graham are hurting out party with your obstruction of POTUS

You are truly an American hero.Im sure you won't admit it but deep down payback was http://awesome.You  know Trump is a no good narcasst

What a liar

Revenge is best served... cold

Just try to remember we voted for Trump and you are against him. He got more votes than you. #KelliWard
You have let Americans struggle with OBAMACARE we lost everything and you enjoy great healthcare. Your a phony 8 yrs to get something better
I hope they have a recording of what u said last night.  I want everyone to know that u are against America.
what does this arrogant backstabber know about humility. For petty revenge on Trump he betrayed all the people suffering under Obamacare

people who know U know U know U hold a grudge...so now the American people have to put up with OstupidCare because U hate Trump. #Ignorant
This is worse than the forestal 134 dead 300 injured. Thanks again john Forestal McCain
Dude, you are lying to yourself and the American people.
For 7 years there has been a debate in the senate on healthcare and nothing happened. 7 yrs of them sauing they had a better plan. Worthmess
@SenBetrayingBackStabbingLiar (Obama Republican) 2016 Campaign Ad: He 'Is Leading The Fight To Stop Obamacare'
I believe you voted for Obama in 2008.  Godspeed on your recovery
have you forgotten that we can't get one DEMOCRATIC VOTE. They're not to work working w/ us. They want us to cave to them!!
2016: McCain campaigns on repealing Obamacare. 2017: McCain sinks chances to repeal Obamacare.
Thank you sir.
Voted for you as Pres. Disappointed you're against Pres Trump. Read about goats & sheep in Bible. Wonder where you fall?
Traitor once again
What a joke! Oct.19,2016 you were against Obamacare, what changed, getting that palm greased I'm sure along with all the Dems!
Thank You Senator McCain for looking out for ALL Americans!!! I am so proud of what you did!! You are Admirable Sir!!  God Bless You!!
Thank you on behalf of my family, and children's families
It is now clear to all Americans from both of the aisle that Senator John McCain is not there to serve his interest. Yu fought a good fight
You eloquently said what the American people have been trying to tell Congress. Thank you for being a maverick.  God bless you.
I have had mixed signals form your congressional performance. Rumor has it that U R on Soro's payroll?  I think that might B accurate.
What McCain seeks cannot be facilitated by McConnell without risk to himself.  The same is true for Ryan.
All John cares about is himself not the American people.

McCain you are a failure as a senator,  you're an elitist and a traitor

As veterans, we refuse to leave a comrade behind. @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski stood up for the American people today.
Thank you senator.
Thanks to McCain & Schumer for  leaving many with unaffordable care & screwing the American people! #SkinnyRepeal #healthcaredebate
Republicans- Now the party of no responsibility.
Shame on you Mr. McCain! You are a disgrace!
You were elected with promise to repeal the ACA, you're on record calling for its repeal. U voted contrary to that & screwed ur constituents
You disappoint alot of http://voters.You  prove to us that you are NOT FOR CONSERVATIVES. Traitor.
courage would be eliminating your tax-payer funded subsidies for yourself and your staff for ACA...be couragous
It is not the gov.s responsibility to offer healthcare.  Get out of my life.  And stop college loans.  Undergrads can go to the bank.

dear john sorry u got cancer good thing you have better health care than real americans.
John needs to do us all a favor and RETIRE.
Is this true ?
You are a true American hero. Can you please help 45 w bipartisanship? The GOP and our country need more leaders like you. Thank you sir
I hope that you voted the will of the AZ people knowing that the Republicans control the state legislature.
Classy.
John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.
Humanity? You wish America shackled like slaves to albatross of Obamacare why? BC you hate Trump? Cruel & sad
You are clueless to what the American people want ..that's why you never became president...you are a traitor to your country..
Just what kind of health plan do you have ...you are sick and you should not been allowed to vote..

Your hatred for the President is so obvious.funny how we voted for you in 08 and know you side with dems because you hate pres . embarrasing
so sad how you voted we are disgusted and hope you will change your vote nx time its not about you and the president its about the PEOPLE
John McCain, you are a charlatan.  2 years ago you railed against Obamacare. Now its ok??  U r a Charlatan.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you mccain for standing up to the bullies voted no your scare was a wake up call  imagine others needing health ins to fight cancer
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/07/matt-drudge-goes-mccain-corruption-many-faces/ …
Oh Senator, although Im deeply disappointed in your "thumbs down" vote on healthcare reform, I will continue to pray for you & your health 
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for truly being our hero!
another fucking actress. My GOD.  DROP DEAD already BOTI BLISS. Nice fake name.
#Ihateyou always have always will. You helped establish the swamp you are a #criminal #liar #traitor to your country you #needtogo #MAGA
All these families wanted was why aren't we fighting for the release of their Brothers Fathers & sons & John blocked them from ever knowing
Well then make yourselves dependent on the same legislation you impose on us Senator
Sen. McCain has proven once again why he is our real live Captain America.
whoever voted for you was stupid, you should be put on obamacare they won't pay for you're cancer treatment.
All of you in Arizona who thought you voted for a Conservative, sorry to give you the bad news. McCain caucuses with the Democrats now.
Your vote to open the discussion was misunderstood but you did the right thing!
What?!?! Your service has been stealing money from hard working people and give it to bums!
Dirty traitor
Republicans in power for repeal and replace. Not elitism and disrespect
FAKE NEWS, you're lying....
Nice try. Blame is 100% on the Dems. They created the mess, they own the mess.
Whatever traitor.

What a phoney!
He showed us he's a maverick after all!!!
Because of you I can not get the mental health care I need. I have PTSD I no longer can keep up my therapy. You actions hurt the state
To PRESIDENT TRUMP. McCain u are a snake who was NVR a war hero u were called song  because you talked to enemy now you betrayed Republican
I don't see how you be proud of stabbing 350 million people in the back. Dems passed ACA all alone, repbs should repeal all alone.
