also, HE FUCKING SHARED CODE WORD INTEL. Quit with the platitudes and get him out of office.
Says who? WaPo? Lol
In case you aren't paying attention, the White House has confirmed that he shared the intel.
Hmm I must have missed the part where McMaster or anyone who would know used the term CODE WORD. Care to justify?
you’re right. Now show me where they’ve denied it?
McMaster just did. I doubt revealing codeword Intel or whatever that is qualifies as "wholly appropriate". Take the blinders off lmaoo
he specifically said he didn’t disagree with the facts reported.
Jeez dude did you even watch the presser? Lol only a liberal could deduce that idea from what McMaster said. He repeated the story is false.
Scary thing is - we no longer expect Trump to deal w or even acknowledge Russia's interference in elections. Will you hold him accountable?
Russia din't interfere in our election. The leak to Wikileaks came from within the DNC. It's a tax payer funded witch hunt based on a lie.
Good to know. Where did you get this information?
Seth Rich has been trending for over 12 hrs. He was the DNC leak that was murdered before the election.
And of course, the Russians did interfere in our elections. The entire IC and nearly entire Congress agree. Are you a paid troll?
Crowdstrike made 2 Russia hacking reports. 1 was pulled for being proven a complete fabricated lie. The other waved by Dems for months.
It's pretty much just you and Trump who believe this. Where do you get your information?
Only proof they have it's Russia is software available to every hacker in the world for at least 18 months on the dark web.
What are you going to do about it then?
He's doing it Silly. It's called resistance. He's not in position to do what you expect of him. thank him for being a voice for us, yes?
Why do you think he, as a respected member of the majority party, is not in a position do anything but speak the empty word: "disturbing"?
Do you understand how our Congress and Senate work? Alone he can do nothing. We will take house 2018, impeach trump and serve indictment
Excuse me he has a mouth can talk to other senators and get things moving this is very worrisome checks and balances are being dismantled
They are talking. All of us are, and blocking, investigating,  confirming, planning. We will pull him down with all in order.
Need Republicans to step up before it is to late.
They are starting. trump may do something soon to actually get his own party to impeach him.  If not theen we wait till Jan 2018
Focus on Isis, Homeless Veterans, Unemployed Veterans, anything productive other than wasting our money doing nothing.  We need Term Limits.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE IN THE PAST 8 YRS ? TALK AND NO ACTION!!!RETIRE
on a scale of "mildly nauseous" to "deeply troubling" how likely are you to ever stop talking and do something about the traitor in the WH?
He won't do anything! @SenJohnMcCain is enamored by Trump! Otherwise he would do more than just talk about it.
Your party is going off the rails, sir.  It will soon be too late.
DO SOMETHING.
People are smart, know to read, interpret and analyze. If not, Trump's popularity will not be increasing with increasing media propaganda.
Sir, you have done great service to the country. Let me ask you. Are we Americans so stupid to let ourselves influenced by another country?
Oh shut up!  You just don't understand. Republicans do not want you. You are not needed. Please please please retire!
You need to declare that you have switched parties. Tried of see a R associated with you. @POTUS putting wins on the board despite you
PROTECT OUR DEMOCRACY, SENATOR MCCAIN!
Well then do something!!!!!
DO SOMETHING, SENATOR MCCAIN!

How long will the unpatriotic Congress let this continue?  Come on !!!
If you're so disturbed do something.
Why are you even tweeting? You are an enemy of the United States as far as I'm concerned, your day will come
He was a traitor in Vietnam (songbird) and he is still a traitor today
He sure is! He needs to go!
Time spent by you & other top republicans just providing lip service on how "disturbed" you are could be spent TAKING ACTION.
President Trump did not share sensitive info with Russians get your facts straight and stop your treacherous lies. #fakenews #MAGA
He didn't?
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! It's not enough to just speak out anymore! Something has to be done!
And what will you and GOP do about this????
They could have gotten same info from BBC about laptops. Stop being such a hack.
Time spent on Twitter is time not spent on 45's impeachment.
Talk is cheap.  DO something!
Impeach Trump.  He is a threat to our national security.
"All this drama is interfering with my Corporate Masters' War profiteering.  Can we please get back to the bombing."
Quit excusing his behavior.
Please support term limits on senators.
President can declassify ino at will and can share info in War on Terror. Did you tweet on it when Obama did it? We support @POTUS
You will be exposed as a fake statesman, a war monger, a shill for the military industrial complex and a traitor to your country. Tick tock.
You are the ONLY republican with both brain and balls.
Is this the best you can do re inexplicably actions/words/reasoning of Trump. He is taking us down. Are you going to sit back & let him?
As a senior senator I expect U to stand up and find the truth. Enough of the distractions  let us get to the truth no Russia ties or ties
The Pres gave sensitive info to the Russians and you're worried about the TIME wasted? 

I think you buried the lead, Sen.
and what was that sensitive information?
So sensitive that we hadn't even shared it with close allies (Sorry, UK).
Did he break any laws?
"[Mr Trump] probably broke no law...
But that scarcely minimises the gravity of the allegation"
"In the view of Alan Dershowitz..., it is 'the most serious charge ever made against a sitting president of the United States'."
How many pieces of silver did sell your soul to George Soros for, Mr. McCain?
Mr McCain, did you survive a P.o.W. Camp to defend someone like @realDonaldTrump? I sure hope not!!!  DEFEND OUR COUNTRY, not your Party!
Senator, please try convince your colleagues of what a problem this truly is.
I'd heard stories of u from guys who served on that boat in VN but still I respected you. U c urself as a maverick. Yea, I believed that too
Then how abt you withhold unanimous consent on ANY CONGRESSIONAL BUSINESS until an independent prosecutor/9/11 style commission established?
Do something about it.
Time spent discussing new FBI Director, AHCA or frankly, anything but a special prosecutor, is time not spent appointing a special prosector
IMPEACH THE TRAITOR WHO IS SHARING OUR SECRETS WITH THE VERY SAME PEOPLE WHO INTERFERED WITH OUR 2016 ELECTION, SENATOR MCCAIN!
Please stop....
step-up and take some action Trump is going to ruin our country The majority of american people want an independent investigation on Trump
Really tired of watching your flubber lips, do SOMETHING for AMERICA. Get off your lazy rear.
Did he put the lives of Allied Intel Operations people on the ground in danger?
Time you spend on #PONTUS is time not spent prosecuting HRC and friends.
I am a conservative & you are a buffoon!
Just shut up and get to work building a cyber defense. You've been there forever and no results
How you respond to this shows us who you really are. And we know you are better than this. Your integrity is slipping away quickly.
You are out McCain I will vote against you I can't stand what you say. I voted for Trump so career politicians like you go away.
You are a lowlife slimeball who has made a career on shit that happened to you 40 years ago!  Ur daughter needs to slap some sense into u!
Thanks for tweeting about it. You fixed it. Everything is better now. Good job. 
Then do something instead of just giving lip service and "false" outrage
Amen McCain is a flappy do nothing...GO GET ON TEAM TRUMP John
So what are YOU doing about it?
John McCain cycle: 1. Be indignant about @POTUS 
2. Vote uniformly with @POTUS' desires.
3.  Pretend to be maverick. 
4.  Repeat
@SenJohnMcCain , prove us wrong! Do something!
Time you spend spreading fake news on Trump / Russia collusion is time not spent on R&R Obamacare and tax reduction bills
THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY?  IS THIS THE TWILIGHT ZONE?  NOT EVEN THE WAR HERO PATRIOT WILL SAY ENOUGH IS ENOUGH? SHAME, SENATOR MCCAIN.
Please stop calling yourself a Republican you are truly a DEMOCRAT !
Senator, instead of trying to find ways to oust Trump, why not try to do the job you were elected to do?  Trump is YOUR President as well!
Agreed. It was a dick measuring contest. He was bragging about how "powerful" he is. He's done it his entire life.
I'm a liberal, but I would LOVE a President @SenJohnMcCain right about now. Save your party, sir.
McCain is an elitist joke so don't think he will ever help our president or do anything that helps literally anyone outside the beltway smh
Your silence wrt the POTUS disaster = pissing on graves of all vets who gave everything for U.S. Really going to cap your career this way?
so what are you going to do about it? @realDonaldTrump has figured out that GOP more interested in power than patriotism.
Ass.
Congress is the check and balance for the executive branch.  Time to start holding him accountable instead of merely being concerned
That's not the best you can do, Senator.
Sir, you are a known patriot. Stop the polite digs at DT & call it for what it is. Trump is a traitor. #CountryOverParty #russiagate
What would you have done if you had lived during the FDR presidency?China and Russia are the only two powers we need to try to commune with!
How about the conversational classified Intel leak by Trump? If you do not take a stand you are giving this incompetent buffoon free reign.
This is very "bad"!  Please do something!!  #trumprussia #iwantmycountryback
Yes!
Hummm .... According to McMaster said those points WERE addressed.  Do you know something that the rest of us don't ... perhaps from a leak?
White House was switched tactics on the WashPost story. YESTERDAY: Story  false.  TODAY: Story true, Trump conduct "wholly appropriate"
So do something about it already.
We have a national security crisis. The Congress needs to act. PLEASE.
Time for ALL of us to make a choice: tolerate Trump or stand up for America. You lead, Sen. John. Anybody else in GOP who cares for USA?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT? INACTION DENOTES ACQUIESCENCE = APPROVAL. GET OFF THE STICK AND DO SOMETHING!!
When are you going to something about it? Our country is under attack from within.
McCain..Pathetic..supporting Fed Anti Energy Obama Methane Rules" -- Senate’s Failure to Revoke Methane Emission Rule..McCain voted for it.
Your statement begs the question, what are you going to do? Be a responsible human being and stand up to protect our country. #impeach.
It's now time to be the ADULT IN THE ROOM !!!!
You know what to do. Speak out and get the job done, before Trump kills us. He's a TRAITOR.
Come on John, Grow a set & do SOMETHING!
Everyone yelling "do something": You have no idea how the Constitution works. Until you read the damn thing just be quiet.
Please resign u are a disgusting human being. And stay the hell away from Syria your one of the reason innocents r getting killed
Wow Senator you're sounding concerned again.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, SENATOR!
Just a vindictive  old man. Retire for the good of the country. No better than a Democrat, or the US media with an anti Trump agenda,
Your reputation is as a hero. Be a greater hero and get this lunatic out of the White House along with his crew of ass kissers.
Tired of GOP always in defensive mode! How about growing a set! Dems in minority everywhere, yet still running the show! McCain like a Dem!
It's your legacy, sir. You decide.
Just shut up. The people were tired of hearing your mouth years ago. U are nothing but activated Russian spy and the Hanoi tapes prove it.
McCain, Schumer & Warren seem to be on the same page. All blowhards.
Finally Mr McCain is reacting as a responsible leader
PLEASE do something. Expressions of 'concern' are not enough. Why are you allowing the security of our country to be put at risk?!?
stop being troubled and disturbed and DO something

You are the traitor McCain ! We all know what you are POS
Sir please do not let #HRMcMaster ruin his career & Integrity over this unfit president #DutyHonorCountry
Mr. McCain,try to SUPPORT our @POTUS instead of tearing him down when you talk to press. He hurt your feelings - get over it! Help him WIN!
Do something about it.  What do you have to lose?  You're 80 years old, do you really think you'll be reelected again?
This is not Watergate, but we could say something about "Prisoner-gate". Proof exists you were Cong collaborator. OK, RINO, truth comes out.
We are sure you and your boyfriend Lyndsey will pick up the slack when it comes to pushing for another war.
Do something about it. Unlike me, you can stop this madness. #impeach
Why didn't you ever complain when Obama met with Lavrov in the oval office? Are you a Democrat operative?
time u spent n government i wrote u for help @ a hospital in AZ. U ignore. i had done this in the past and @SenBlumenthal got bac 2 me in CT
Dude, c'mon. Yell at your buddies. Do what you need to do. But for the love of God, get this turd out of the White House.
Yet you somehow managed to vote "yes" for his Cabinet knowing they were cut from the same cloth. Please stop the hyperbole & take action.
What are you going to do about this crazy man occupying the oval officeare you really going to let him destroy the United States of America
So RISE! Protect this Nation & remove this President! Our entire standing in the world has been diminished. Who will lead in your party?
Were you there?  No I didn't think so. How about trying to back up our President instead of catering to the elites and establishment or quit
Stop talking and do something. Show what you're made of. Country or party, what will it be?
How much is the DNC paying you to lie??  Or does #HillaryClinton  have you on her kill list???
Stop trying to bring Trump down .. you are really pissing off the base .  
..and I know you really don't care because it's your last term .. but we can send you in retirement early if you continue to push us. 
Then get your party together and do something. Stop being doormats.
You are a rino globalist and a senile old man, retire already! #MAGA
The GOP senators need to rally to get him out. He's dangerous for the US. God knows what he'll say on the Europe trip. Help!!
Millions of people are looking to you to lead the fight to preserve our country. PLEASE FIGHT HARD against Trump's incompetence.
DO YOUR JOB
Vital to our country's future.
DO SOMETHING! Stop waffling! Get your @gop partners to see the danger!!!
Impeachment now!!!
Nixon should not have pardon "songbird" John.
If you are the loyal American you are reported to be, then I urge you to work w/fellow Senators & impeach Trump.
Stop being McCuck. Man up!
DO something! Stop saying it's a problem while  toeing the party line & take action to end this crazy presidency. It's your job.
It's safe to say that under this Administration we have no one looking out for the American ppl. Selling out to the Russians? Not the GOP???
What Mcacain was paid from Russia and Soros.  U people may want to wake up.
What does that mean?  You know what he did is treason.
Demand your fellow Republican MOC's choose country over party! National safety is at risk !
He is your guy.  He is your problem.  You know what you have to do, so start already. #ImpeachTrumpPence #GOPcomplicit
We are proud to present you sir, with this award..
If you're not actively working to impeach Trump, then you need to sit down and shut up. #Hypocrite
His "absolute right" to share intel is TREASON. People accused of lesser crimes have gone to prison. We must act!
Time spent by McCain whining about Trump= time not spent on healthcare, jobs, border security. Stop whining John. Put on your big boy pants.
Time to retire, John. It's #SAD that you have become such a #Loser.
Well, and he also SHARED SENSITIVE INFO, there's that too, right "Maverick?"
Then stand up! What is wrong with the party that you refuse to see something is VERY wrong with this administration? What are you afraid of?
Says the guy the Viet Cong referred to as "Songbird"
Doing what I can to fix this problem. How about you?
Seriously dude coming from a senator who thought he was talking to Ukraine about Russia. You need to be investigated. How's ARE ISIS FRIENDS
Maverick setting at 7.5 and rising
@POTUS = source highly classified intelligence represents the single most significant victory in the history of Soviet and Russian espionage
This prattle over every word spoken by the President, is dangerous.  We look like fools to the rest of the world.  Get behind the President
You are so useless it's time for you to retire.
Trump will not change. How much more info will he blurt out? How many more allies will be hurt. Do something NOW. Country over party NOW.
yes lets get down to brass tax.  time to play hardball with the Russians concerning those issues.
Really? THAT'S YOUR CONCERN?  Get him out.  I would like to keep our democracy.
You're an incompetent boob | you need to resign and you are not a republican !  Go home for goodness sake and stop  looking so incompetent!
then impeach him already mr senator
Are there no men in the conservative congress who will stand & say this is wrong?  NY Times can't reveal sources?  Msg is suspect, timing.
Thank you for standing up for America. Starting to think all GOP were putting Power Over Country. Thank you for putting Country Over Party.
Mr. McCain, keep bringing that experience and the popular ideas of a former President.
We love our POTUS. As a conservative, you need to stand by him and uplift him.
President should not be leaking classified info to our enemies. Repubs need to stop dragging feet and stop this man.
I am very saddened by your response that you had to McMasters press conf. You have to know that he did disclosed
So do something
#FakeNews You're an embarrassment to our state, AZ veterans, our country, and your own party. Looking fwd to a real leader taking your seat
Once again, Senator, your words mean NOTHING until you back them up with actions.  You suffered for this country, how can you do nothing??
And every vote you've cast in favor of his nominees and objectives neuters every statement of disappointment you've made.
So what are you going to do? Did you really go through all you went through for this country to have your legacy be tied to a traitor?
what a profile in courage.
such a weak statement considering ...
Time you stop talking and start impeaching Trump.
Please retire, you no longer represent the party. Thanks!
Why don't you for once support the President and get to work for the people who elected you ! We are sick of politicians doing nothing !
"It had all to do with operations that were already ongoing, had been made public for months," says McMaster on what Trump told Russians
