John you shamed u s if you are the leaker shame on you
ARE YOU WITH RUSSIA OR USA ?!?!?!? GOP = TREASON
yeah, no doubt Trump will screw that up too
I'd like to see you spend your time trying to get Trump out of office Mr. McCain.  I appreciate what you've done so far but it's not enough.
Why?
You have an account set up to be pro Trump.  You are a fake.  I am tired of seeing this from the right wing wack jobs.  Seriously.
Very well.The hard work is waiting,the effort to remove the POTUS. When do you show the courage to speak out loudly against this menace?
Why is it important...did you bad mouth @POTUS while there...had a nice trip on taxpayer dime I suspect
Did you revisit your cage?  Did you thank them for your comfortable stay at the 'Hilton' John?
Could you please not get distracted? Why r u traveling when @GOP is destroying our #country? Be a #Patriot!

Wish you would immigrate to another country for good
How dare you say that.
At a time when POTUS seems to be skilled at making enemies, nice to see some efforts at building alliances.
Bull nonsense.  The senator needs to wake up. #getagrip

McSTAIN...A TRAITOR THEN AND A TRAITOR NOW! HE SAID: "I’m leaving the GOP and Caucusing as an independent with the Democrats,” said McCain.
Candidate Trump insulted you, and you failed to act.His presence is a daily insult to this nation,and you still are not moving to remove him

WHAT GROUP OF POLITICIANS HAVE EVER BETRAYED OUR COUNTRY LIKE THESE! @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio @tedcruz @SpeakerRyan @Morning_Joe #Trump 
What makes you this of him? He and everyone else probably can only do so much when it comes to the  that's sitting in the Oval Office
You claim to be a Republican, so when will you stop acting like a RINO and help Trump get HC and tax reform passed???
Back to the scene of the crime John McCain where your treasonous Acts cost the lives of many airmen. #songbird
Tick tock
Pls consider movin
I hope you live long enough to be put on trial for war crimes.  #itscomin
I truly appreciate your work in Vietnam, but PLEASE Sen. McCain, I implore you to either make Trump behave or remove him. Save our nation!
What a waste of OUR taxpayers money! Stay home & support OUR President! U R part of the swamp & should be removed along with UR cronies!
Honestly, your tweets are so out of touch with what Americans are worried about on a daily basis.
Why? You agree to ship more American jobs over there?
Mattis said"it's a burden,right thing"in response to Australian reporters. Horrible that he thinks doing the right thing is a burden.
Our country is in crisis. Where are you John McCain? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you John McCain?
Too bad you're so busy visiting other countries. I think the Senate is where your supposed to be isn't it?
wish you would have stayed over there. I'm ashamed you are my senator. You only represent D.C.
RUSSIA
You are interfering in the President agenda.  You are a traitor.
Well that's special. What are we going to give up to have more trade and relations with them?
Relations with a sour loser! lol
I'll still be Republican next go around! I just hope the GOP does a Better job next time!!
You've lost your way. You represent Arizona, not the world, or the out of state trolls. You lost your bid for POTUS. Do your job at home.
I have been ridiculed by Republicans mad at me for questioning Trump. I say, I raised 4 kids I dearly loved, but sometimes they were wrong!
I appreciate all you do for our Country! I greatly respect that even tho your Republican as am I, you call right and wrong for WHAT IT IS!>>
Where is your tweet addressing your outrage of your colleague @SenSasse laughing as Bill Mahr says the N word.
I don't care about that John why are you in the GOP letting our president
I hope you make more trips abroad on behalf of Americans- Otherwise, we're left w/trump as a spokesperson who spews hatred, fear, & division
Thanks 4 sharing. Now hurry home & stop #Trump."The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing"~Edmund Burke
How will this trip help AZ?  Will it improve our healthcare?  Our educational system?  Our social security?  Our roads?  Our lives?
A Good Saturday (Weekend) Sen.John McCain, The McCain Family of Arizona, Honoring Our U.S. Veterans ,Armed Services Always
Sir, you have not prioritized the security of our country. You are either complicit or a coward & are no longer a leader to my family.
You need take care of your trump problem!!stop letting steve bannon run our country to the ground!!
Stop going against Present Trump or leave our party
Please Senator, we need your voice help our Country
sadly mccain you have disgraced the True Vietnam Heros!
Why now? Why didn't you politicized when Obama was in power? 1000% hypocrisy
Because he's a maverick.
So, how's the weather in Arizona? Oh, wait, you're not there. Nevermind. Enjoy your vacation. Glad we could pay for it. (not)
He couldn't find Arizona on a map.
You may not like our new Potus & that's ok! But, until you've been held captive 5 1/2yrs, &  lived thru the horror, DON'T trash one who has!
