They worked with what they had. They cannot allocate the funding they need. It's your job. Even the parents of the sailors know this.#MAGA
You must do better and repeal Obamacare as you promised for 7 years.
The navy must do better? This coming from McCain who voted to keep Obummer Care? Gfy McCain!
You must do better Senator, newest ACA repeal bill is worse than the other two attempts
Perspective | The scourge returns: Cassidy-Graham repeal-and-replace bill is as bad as or worse than all the others http://wapo.st/2hevzEN 
"Regular order" Your words senator, do your words mean anything or are your words as unreliable as Trump's words ?
This coming from a pardoned traitor who actually wet started his jet on the USS Forrestal, killing & wounding almost 300 of his shipmates?
What's a wet start
Handing them a blank check is not a sign of dissatisfaction.
Why don't you roll over and retire already? We need a fresh voice in congress! 
Who underfunded the Navy? Dotard.
Can we put you on notice? You work for us - and yet you put your selfish personal interests & those of lobbyists first.
@SenJohnMcCain - ?
These are likely the result of cyber attacks
How about the victims of Obamacare @SenJohnMcCain   If you fail us again it’s on you. Don’t take that to your grave. You’re better than that
Please say exactly that same thing -  "You must do better."  - to your colleagues Cassidy and Graham and their "health care" bill.
Deadly sea collisions or death due to no health care????
Yeah, show them how the GOP plans to kill 10s of thousands of Americans. Not just a few at a time. Thats what u meant..right? Because u will
Why dont you go cry to your buddy Soros again McCain. Quit worrying about the military.  And you sure as hell dont care about healthcare!!!
Yes. What has changed to make these accidents happen?
Makes me puk John. You need to do better.
Remember when you started a ship on fire?
This coming from the man who lied to the voters of Arizona about healthcare reform
Hey John didn't you bomb your own aircraft carrier?  By accident of coarse
Yes.
You must do better for the American people and quit selling your soul to please your buddies.
This is what happens when you promote based on quotas and not performance. That and if daddy is an admiral, eh wet start. RETIRE Brutus
i think an equally impactful headline..."you must do better". mccain puts people over party on newest healthcare proposal.
Right. We must do better. Fix the ACA and defeat Trumpcare before we sink the ship of healthcare and drown millions in medical debt. VOTE NO
Please vote no on this horrific healthcare bill  Where would u b if u had no healthcare imagine where all of us will b with no health care
Hey John   Isn't it fun to do nothing and point fingers after problem.  U R  fired!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!U r Fired!!!!!!!!!!
Were you put on notice when YOU killed 133 soldiers and sailors.
Congress is an equal branch of government. Hold yourself accountable as well.
No #grahamcassidy
We are more concerned about you voteing to screw millions out of healthcare
McCain must go a better job himself
Man paid his dues, gives him the moral high ground to speak like this.
YOU must do BETTER on a HEALTHCARE bill!  Stop the non-sense and vote WHEN there is a viable bipartisan solution that doesn't kill
I could care what he says DONE with him
Is John McCain in charge of the Navy?
He who had 188 men killed while a pilot on his ship and ran and hide.Go back and crawl in your hole
You need to do better
Tell that to @LindseyGrahamSC   I hope you're prepared to be a maverick and a hero once again and vote NO and save our healthcare!
Cancerous one for president!
Pls vote 'NO' on #GRAHAMCASSIDY! This draconian bill will hurt our veterans along w/our most vulnerable & millions of Americans.Be our HERO!
So many more people will die if you pass Graham-Cassidy than have died in these naval accidents. You can help avoid that simply by voting NO
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
No, sir, not them - but you.
hahahahha
Ha! You haven't done enough to the Navy after killing 134 sailors and being pardoned by Nixon? Shut up traitor liar murderer! RETIRE
I dont think they saw it, @SenJohnMcCain . these things have been noted to secretly happen. ships disappear and reappear out of thin air.
Medicare for all! Crooked lobbyists special interests and big pharma have fleeced us enough. Drain the sewer! @POTUS  @SenateGOP @SenWarren
John McCain please vote no on healthcare bill.  Healthcare is too important to rush a vote. You can fix ObamaCare.
Says the man who gave away info to the north vietnamese.
I agree.   Please, please save our healthcare too.
Really John??? You & Obama defunded them, now YOU r going to put them on notice. What happened is what u & Obama wanted. A WEAKENED MILITARY
Sen. McCain takes Health Care from Veterans, Americans in America!
You should do better for your constituents also and vote to repeal and replace Obamacare. That's why we elected you
Please stick to your word. Please do not vote to take health care from millions. How could you do this? Don't let America down. We need you.
I'm a vet with a cancer diagnosis who relies on the coverage I have because of the ACA. I'm begging you to vote no on GrahamCassidyBill 
Please vote NO
SENATE REPUBLICANS MUST DO BETTER. Ariz. Gov. sold out for block-grant funds NEGOTIATED promise! Doesn't HAVE to be spent on health.
Put Ur party on notice that there is a process in legislation, like u http://said.Now  keep ur word and vote NO on Cassidy/Graham.
Rand Corp. will be miffed you took away their study on regular 100 hour work week.
I appreciate this tweet very much but have to ask you anywhere I can to pls consider no CBO score. We need ACA fixed not gutted.
You must do better Sen. McCain you are partially responsible for the this  mess you should resign
My 2 kids will suffer if GC passes. One is disabled. The other makes $11/hour. Capping Medicaid is cruel. And for what? Trump's base?
Coming from a man that couldn't keep a jet in the http://air.How  many was it John? 4or6
You want to rebuild Military to protect crumbling Nation? You and your Party are destroying democracy in your wake.
$800 billion with 6 war ship crashes... if it increased to $900 billion... you could reduce these crashes by more than 10%.
People need to be held accountable. The military...at least on the army's side of the house preaches safety all the time. We have to...
Construct safety guidelines for every single mission we conduct. For operators of military equipment sleep is involved in those safety...
Guidelines...requiring operators to get adequate sleep before operation. That said sometimes when mission dictates that's not possible but..
That's when leadership steps in and ensures that everyone and everything is as safely done as possible. When this oversight and leadership..
Doesn't take place...individuals need to be held accountable.
Traitors should B removed or step down & not have a say N policy but we both know what traitors really deserve...FIRING SQUAD!
As should you do better, Sir.
PLEASE do not support this horrible Graham bill! Why? Did your principles change?This is worse than the last one. My daughter and I will die
John is lecturing on doing a better job?

Graham-Cassidy bill just lets the insurance cos. and hospitals play God again...deciding who gets to live and who has to die. 1/
The ACA eliminated that privileged attitude. Think of what your own premiums would be like ... most don't have thousands/mo. for premiums.

MCCAIN : GLOBALIST : WILL NOT SUPPORT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA : OBSTRUCTIONIST : UNAMERICAN
Isn't this statement made by johnny a little hypocritical considering his record
Ummm...might take some of your own advice there, John.
Are you a Breitbart News follower? Self-branded as Alt-Right? Your best friend used Breitbart as a platform to R&R the ACA. 1/
Read costs here: YOU know how block grants really work. HISTORY of a cancer is death sentence.
Should specify Surface Navy. No issues with the Submarine Force is there?
MCCAIN: YOU MUST DO BETTER : QUIT PATRONIZING : CARRY OUT DEMOCRATIC RULE : SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA: OR GET OUT THE WAY
You are a traitor, and same as Tokyo Rose with your anti american propaganda broadcasts.
How about doing better on healthcare? We pay for yours.
the healthcare bill, we need to know what's in it! Is it good for the public or just the insurance company? A little give and take is fine
Still a traitor, johnny boy
You should tell @LindseyGrahamSC that about health care
No one cares what you say. Get over yourself already. Hanoi John.
You've been there 30 years. Time to retire. Maybe you could have done better too.

VOTE NO! Remember REGULAR ORDER!
