8 yrs to replace Obamacare , you did nothing.  Retire already
Repubs did nothing because they just can't handle complex issues. Sad.
Yes the left has done so much for the country.  Paaalease.  Now go kick the can
Extreme gerrymandering. Voter suppression. Russian Aid & Tampering. Control Congress & Pres. Nada Zilch Zero
Your own party rigged the system for Hilary .. did u forget already. ?
Is that your only defense for the money laundering, treasonous, human trafficker? #Impeach45Now #ImpeachTrump
Never going to happen.  Keep fighting sweetheart !
Such great approval ratings. So. Much. Winning.
You need to Retire WarMonger 
We have more pressing matters like North Korea posing an actual threat to the US & our Territories
And Newsflash 
You are not a General 
You don't work for the DOD and
You don't work for the Pentagon 
You're a useless Senator from AZ
And you aren't fit to even vote.
lol. Your brilliance shines.
You should work on the budget! POTUS has his agenda he laid out & is working hard at it. He will be the first POTUS to keep promises!
How many of your YEARS in Congress and still no help to the people?
it makes you feel good to crap on the President, doesn't make Americans feel good though, think about it!!
Your lapse of understanding Senator McCain, @realDonaldTrump President Trump is unwinding Obama nothing plan and inserting his with MadDog.
I'm so frustrated with your lack of leadership and loyalty.During my 20 Year Marine Corps caree as a GySgt, Leaders like you didn't make it.
7 years of obama care yet you havent done !@#$% about that
@POTUS @SenTreyGowdy @GOPChairwoman 
Sen. .  16 yrs @ war, troops deserve SMART RETHINK, not redo General Obama 
No reason to worry. They do not have a plan for anything.
how do know trump sometimes keeps military plans quiet you can learn from the president
Looks like this tweet was not well received. Retire now
John, let the Pentagon plan it, and if they want to keep it a secret, they better not tell you. Retire and take Flake the snake with you.
you Rino's are killing our Rep. Party...............
Resign you are sick and senile do no more harm to our country 
#Trump won't waste time w your  #Afghanistan plan. You betrayed #Americans Not 2 #RepealObamaCare 
Trump knows your a Traitor SongBird.
Thank you for having our backs Senator and to be willing to do what's right for the people--not a party. You are my hero.
Thank God the POS won't be with us much longer . U and him can burn in hell 
You will not be missed......times ticking.....spend your days with your family....America does not need your voice any longer. #McFailure
7 months and no health care bill, no tax eforn etc.. but plenty of time for both houses to have a vaction what ave you done this yr.
John, how about doing what's right for the American people, rather than grandstanding. just do your job and repeal and replace obamacare.
It's kinda of funny how the democrat's like you now......Every thing always comes out sooner or later.  I wonder if you're the leaker......
Don't think we don't see how you jump from one thing to the next.  You're a trouble maker. What have you done for the last 7 months?
You suck and are a traitor to America! Retire already! 
John McCain go home you've done nothing but turn your back on this country because you're a trump hater instead of an America lover
You have had 16 years...and you say Trump is the problem...
@SenJohnMcCain That's because he keeps fighting with you idiots!  All these years and you don't have a GOP plan for healthcare!
Keep holding that hot mess of a POTUS accountable John!!
He needs to hang his head in shame. He calls himself a maverick but I call him a fraud! He's a useless obstruction
Except we may not have a world for very much longer. Can someone, anyone reign in This maniac
EVERY THING YOU DO AGAINST TRUMP'S AGENDA IS BECAUSE OF YOUR HATRED FOR HIM.  YOU FIND THAT YOUR SOLE NEEDS ARE ABOVE THE VOTERS NEEDS!!
NOT ONLY ARE YOU HURTING AMERICA BUT YOUR DOING IT OUT OF HATRED FOR TRUMP 'CAUSE HE TOLD THE TRUTH ABOUT YOU.
YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A LIAR JUST LIKE THE OTHER REPUBLICANS, CAUSE OF YOU ME & MY FAMILY ARE NO LONGER REPUBLICANS. YOUR HURTING AMERICA,
Retire please! You are speaking nonsense on so many subjects. PS, you are not the POTUS
YOUR IDEAS ARE CRAP! Sound bite, ONE MORE TIME!!!!!!!!1st
What is his strategy for avoiding nuclear war?
He seems only able to launch volleys of barely coherent threats at another unstable ruler
We have had no plan all along for years. Where were you then?
@realDonaldTrump could propose a bill honoring the great state of AZ and @SenJohnMcCain would vote against it.
7 mos into new admin, still no plan for Afghanistan- that's why I filed amdt to NDAA providing strategy for success https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=C3ECF1F6-6E14-4110-807A-CD2D5E9BE1D2 …
Just stop you don't either " really you guys have had 7 years an have done nothing an still do nothing that is why we voted for Trump
warmongering b!tch.
7 years and still no repeal replace from you !!Please retire.
Sen McCain my plan will never be adopted because it's all about the $'s retire McCain #You'reNotHelping
Sen McCain spray the opium fields let them go to chaos then get the hell out #Morons
Have one of your staff #IdiotsReplyToMyTweetSprayTheOpiumFieldsNow
Senator McCain reply to my tweet spray the opium fields now that's my plan #Morons
Senator McCain a good plan for Afghanistan for us and the world would be to defoliate the opium fields #Now
Bloviator..
8 years with your buddy obama and no strategy..but that was ok..your such a loud mouth war monger mc cain
7 years into failed Obamacare and still nothing because of you
any reason someone not in the right mind due to illness or not, is still making laws????
Brah, they have no plan for anything if you haven't noticed
Absolute warmongers
It's a secret plan, though. If we start executing on it we'll find out about it, and then it won't work, cuz it won't be secret anymore!
The voters won't forget you don't keep your promises. Hope they vote you out in 18. God bless you anyway but you need to go take Mitch too!!
Hey john@realDonaldTrump  doesn't need your military advice,you dont know anything, you were captured. Stop criticizing trump. Pls retire
Get out 100%. Plan solved. Now, Senate do something, anything but lie!
Get rid of Trump....time for congress to take charge and remove him.
@realDonaldTrump Trump is too dump to be able to come up with a strategy for Afghanistan. He's 2 busy tweeting nonsense.
You are the problem Senator! You need to step aside and let a new person represent the interests of Arizona properly! #DumpMcCain
Well don't worry you won't get that done either#traitor#maga without you
North Korea.
You have room to talk.  Easy to be a critic swamp man.

how is your "new" strategy different than the old one you decry? is there any such thing as a (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1sq3pk9 
Be truthful to atleast yourself, last few days of your life, or not
That's because generals are waiting to see if he knows more then generals..ok Generals, he is totally clueless, you are own your own to plan
Aren't you at the ballgame with your family,  enjoy your vacation
Stand down McCain songbird, not your place....
Hey John,  remember your not the president. Oh 7 months in and you fly across the country to vote NO!  Seriously tell me that's not a setup
Thank you, Senator McCain, for all of your service. I remember watching your return from Vietnam. You would've made an honorable president!
40 years in politics and NO WIN McCain bitches? Actually pretty funny.
Americans don't care what you think! We're done with your lies & hate for our president. Please just retire already! #TheSwamp
What about Obamacare?
Seven years of continuously saying you'll repeal/replace the ACA...you and the @SenateGOP lied!  Please be quite.
Well since Trump is abdicating his responsibilities someone has to do it. Maybe also appoint someone to run the DOE, etc. Thank you!!
U are such a PHONY trying to divert. There's much more domestic and foreign threats at the moment. Thank God u were never President
7  months into the most corrupt inept undemocratic admin in history and the @GOP whistles past the graveyard. 
You haven't helped #POTUS w/ anything! U will be voted out.  Please retire...or switch to Democrat. U let us all down.  #cowardlyinthesenate
#TermLimits now!
So out of touch u r. Afgahn !> Healthcare or NK or economy etc stop wasting hot air on that
Are you kidding me. How dare you complain about POTUS when you have done absolutely nothing to further the agenda we voted you in for.
U suffer from "excessive expectations" for a man who IS NOT the POTUS
Ur strategy is for perputal war if Afghanistan & billions to ur donors
#Resign you act like a jealous lover because @realDonaldTrump is @POTUS & not you, you're a loser
Senator, Stop obstructing Trumps agenda. Try helping instead of criticizing.
You should retire
7 mos into new admin, senate can't deliver a replacement for Obamacare. Sad.
Yeah, well maybe U should spend more time supporting Prez T's agenda and less on your own. Shame on U 4 voting against the health care bill.
This admin needs your help.  Trump is unfit and unprepared for the job.
Disappointed
Go John go
Ya'll need to support your president. This is NOT ghe@most important action now!
Do whatever it takes to make sure that this President cannot launch a first strike against North Korea! Insanity Week of Hiroshima Nagazaki
Pls find something/someone else to complain about. Criticizing POTUS is not productive and not good for the party, doing it in public
7 months!!ARE YOU KIDDING??!What is the matter with you??!!We have been there for SIXTEEN years- 16 years!!!Now you just sound ridiculous!!
You lost.  Be the man you once were and Support President Trump.
Just like you & your boyfriend Graham arming ISIS in Syria! These guys are as crooked as DEMs! Everybody check his real war record.! Sick
So you have been there for over 30 yrs.  what have you done for us lately?  #TermLimits!
Too bad the President would rather blame Gen Nicholson instead of making a decision.  His pattern of passing the buck is nothing new.
You & GOP are fooling nobody! Just trying to stall till U can get an impeachment! You agreed w/Obama more! Sickening!  #DrainTheSwamp
100 years in the Senate and nothing to show for it.  #retirenowmccain
How about Syria now? #freeSyria #saveSyriasChildren
Thank you fight this monster in the WH
What are your thoughts on your president thanking Putin for expelling diplomats? Just curious. Mildly miffed? Troubled? We're outraged John!
All we do is talk! When is someone going to act and shut this man up!! He's going to get us all killed. He's another Hitler!
7 months and no repeal of Obamacare that you promised #TraitorMcCain
Sen McCain, when is someone going shut Trump up? He's acting like another Hitler, ready to take all American out! He's lacking a brain.
What does Afghanistan have that we want, Nothing. Just bust there ass if they get out of line # back to Stone Age, Aw they are already there
What are we even doing there? 
They don't have any strategies, except to make money at our expense.
Repeal and replace Obamascare
PaYou McCain should go home & die in peace haven't you done enough damage to the country over the last 30 yrs enough already
This brain dead traitor needs to retire
Yeah and No replacement for healthcare insurance because of YOU!!!
Repeal Obamacare. Cut taxes!
Really? This from the guy who sold us out!
Read a history book Sen. No nation has EVER held Afghanistan; every one has left the region with its tail tucked. Britain, USSR, & US next
If you were president, and all world issues were yours, i'm sure that is at the top. Congress can act to assist instead obstruct
You need to get on the same page as republicans or maybe switch to the Democratic Party.
Please you're A DO NOTHING treasonous liar, SONGBIRD!
Are you retired yet!!
McCain keeps sabotaging Mr Trump military agenda and healthcare plan. Very ugly behavior!
yea can't wait for rino mccains strategy friend to Isis what a disgrace
#Warmonger #McCain's "plan" 4 Afghanistan has had us bogged down in #Mideast for DECADES! And he complains about #POTUS #Trump?!

#FAIL
You're a trader! You need to leave the Senate because you're a distraction. U & Lindsey Gramnasty need to become Democrats!
You and this WHOLE senate need to RETIRE . Since you're such a BIG SHOT tell them to get back to work.
Repeal OC. You have no influence on me as an American. U r a bitter man. Your criticism falls on my deaf ears. U breached integrity.
Not impressed with you, senator McCain!!!!
WHEN IS THE CONGRESS GOING TO DO WHAT MUST BE DONE AND GET RID OF TRUMP...BEFORE HE BLOWS UP THE WORLD.
1967 - captured by Vietnamese - heroic 2008 - surrendered to Obama - weak     2017 - capitulate to progressives - cowardly see a trend???
With fools like you leaking info they have to keep it close to the best
McCain strategy..Lol are a snake and not successful. Many are smarter and wiser than you! You are a big mouth liar that knows nothing.

Is there a plan for anything Senator McCain? Please keep at it. We need ALL of the Senator's to step up and get things done. PLEASE!
Finally, a WRITTEN strategy proposal instead of the usual arm waving!
Stay out of it John. No one cares what you think anymore. You are not helping America. You are hurting us. Say goodbye RINO!
When u 1st ran 4 office I voted against u.  I crossed party lines and voted 4 u in presidential bid. U Sir are a voice of sanity. Thank You
ur comments carry little weight since you've been crying in ur beer since Obama beat you. Thanks for ur service but move on.
It's been 15 years. We start more crap
Good on you Sir!
How many years have you been there?Shutup already and give us a break! We're tired of your lies!
I'm very worried about Trump's "fire & fury" escalation w/o clear strategy. Can you ask @SenateGOP to reign in this dangerous territory?
How about filing for double impeachments?
Sour grapes from a man who failed in his presidential bid.
Ah, that's not the issue at the moment… See if you can get up to speed. Maybe Megan will help you.
Please help w/ current NK situation. He's a loose cannon and no one is stopping him!!!!
We have a president who is NOT a president.  Time to DO the Goldwater into the OVAL or on the golf course. #Impeach45
Senator with all due respect to my hero we know they hate us because we are there, need to get out Iraq Afghanistan & Syria.$20 trillion2020
No, its your way to get back at @POTUS once again.  Too bad you weren't this dedicated when VietNam POW-MIAs needed you.
Trump has a strategy for Afghanistan. Hire Erik Prince and his merry band of mercenaries. Make lots of money off taxpayers
We are fortunate to have you! 
Mcstain. Great eat job at the VA!  When you chaired the Denate Conmittee.  Crickets and Vets died
Time for you to resign. Rest In Peace 
No plan for much of anything...
7 yrs on health care and u clueless with plan, sad and no room to talk
Is it the same as your strategy for Iran? Bomb, bomb, bomb. Bomb Iran. Please shut the heck up
NO more Afghanistan 
What don't you get. THE PEOPLE didn't vote for more war.
What have you ever done ALL yours years in Washington!?
Maybe they have a plan and they're not telling anyone.
I can't believe you're complaining about seven months when for seven years you promised to repeal and replace.
@SenJohnMcCain you're the best
Shut up McCain
Why don't you work on passing healthcare and tax reform the things that are on the voters agenda
Don't think President Trump keeps you in the loop Johnny #retire
Sir, If you rather stand together and cover his back you can achieve so much more. The world need a strong USA.  Not childish  infighting.
Thank you, Sir. We appreciate your independence and commitment to doing the right thing.
Handle the plans you've been given. You can't get those done. You are not our President.
 You have a brain tumor  GO LIE DOWN!!! YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE A HEART ATTACK CUZ U R VERY AGGRESSIVE
 ADRENALINE,BITTER
Cause conman phony @POTUS has no clue. Golfer in chief twitter machine. @DRUDGE_REPORT @seanhannity @nytimes @SenDeanHeller @FoxNews @CNN
