The gop and potus are waging an assault on national monuments, wh is out of control and u r tweeting travel guides? What is wrong with you?
The Chiricahua Mountains were a massive volcano 26 million years ago. 
The Grand Canyon is great, Sen. McCain but what are you going to do about the sh*tstorm in D.C. with Comney's firing?
Another wonder.  I wonder how McCain can support globalists agenda and bribes and still be elected by AZ?  Still pushing war with Russia?
My favorite state in the US. Whenever I'm in the US, no matter where - I MUST visit AZ. Can't help it.
John, I was born in AZ and think it's beautiful. Now could you please get your colleagues to support an independent inquiry into Trump-Rus?
Too many people(drones/snowflakes) ought to be listening to Mark Levin. You are diseased (Liberalism), he has the cure. You're brainwashed.
Protect it. No matter what
While Rome burns?
Meanwhile GOP leadership wants to open protected Grand Canyon area to mining and pollution. Bad for environment and Arizona economy.
RUSSIA.
You do better to WAKE UP and realize you have a AUTOCRAT that's threatening the very core of our DEMOCRACY, and needs to be STOPPED
Trump Russia
Did you know? Your wife is bring sworn in by president Trump as a government official so your indeed bought & paid for too?  @SenJohnMcCain
Translation: Batshit crazy Trump created a self-inflicted firestorm this week and I'm trying to change the conversation. #AZ #LetsSeeAz
Not important when we have a moron in the wh. Do something about it. Impeach him.
Cool. I'm seriously considering moving to Germany to escape fascism under Trump. GERMANY!! Help us!!!
Sen. McCain: We need your leadership in this time of turmoil.  Please don't let us down.
PRETTY BUT AFTER TRUMP STARET A WORLD WAR IT WILL BE GONE
#FunFact McCain had dinner w/ Trump, his wife Cindy is being considered for State Dept. job & now his timeline is all scenic postcards
The very ones Trump wants to sell off to his rich oil and gas buddies to drill and make them richer!
AZ people getting shit on by mortgage companies. They need your help in resolving this. Seems to be a crisis been tweeted you don't care.
Celebrate being American and not selling public lands.
Waiting on you to do the right thing. When that happens I promise to visit the Grand Canyon and praise your name.
Why not celebrate by denouncing Repubs decision to destroy federal lands by mining and drilling!
So @SenJohnMcCain the reversal of Obama acts that protect rivers and the Climate, and the outright rape of the @EPA must make you so proud
AZ has AMAZING public lands! Make sure we #keepitpublic !
John, how about an independent investigation into Russia collusion with admin?
Fun Fact: Trump says your NOT a HERO, prove him wrong by standing up for the truth and for the great country you fought for!
- where you wiretapped by BHO & Rice & Rhodes ?
Stop celebrating parks your party is selling off for a profit and vote to have Trump impeached.
Do your job for the country not your party
Will any of those fun facts include how much $$ admin can make when they sale off the drilling and fracking and mining rights??  So FUN!!
'Celebrating' and 'natural wonders' are not on Americans minds at the moment.
Fun fact - our democracy is swirling the drain and you are doing NOTHING about it. Thought you were a patriot and a hero. Disappointed.
@FoxNews @LouDobbs 
McCain has alwaz been intrestd only in re- election.
#Power&Perks
#GOP RINO
#DC Swamp
Funny was their not a purposal to open Natl Parks to resource management?
FOCUS.
@LouDobbs @FoxNews @JessieJaneDuff 
McCain, hav u ckd into job w AZ Chamber of Commerce? Wld b gd job 4 U. 
#Time 2 leave DC 4 good
IMPEACH THE MADMAN
I'd much rather celebrate by removing a threat to their continued existence #IndependentInvestigation #impeachTrumpnow
How about a not so fun fact?
Due to your complacency & inaction you & the rest of the GOP are guilty & as deserving of impeachment as Trump!
Would love to see your state someday.
America will celebrate when traitor trump, his crime syndicate, & the complicit, corrupt, obstructionist Rep party are removed & prosecuted!
Good luck with that. The Muslim Travel Bans greatly diminished USA tourism. Those not scared of ban are scared crazy going to start WWIII
Please make our parks and monuments stay protected
Visit soon! Before @realDonaldTrump  turns into a resort.
Love the Grand Canyon but, John, we are in the midst of a constitutional crisis. Could you please step up and be the hero I know you are?
Oh yeah. Due to extreme vetting, our tourism is hemorrhaging money. With GOP it's Russia first. #TrumpRussianInvestigation
#ImpeachTrump
Sen. John McCain of ARIZONA
There's an Unnatural Wonder in the White House. Allow history to review your decisions as honorable and moral. Don't be John N Mitchell.
You should be calling for a Special Prosecutor.  We can't enjoy natural wonders without a democracy.#Trumprussia
Cool, but what are you doing about the mad man in the White House?
Do it before the corrupt mongul in the WH sells it to one of his billionaire Con Man colleagues. Hurry before he starts!
Are these the same National Parks your party is getting ready to invade with drilling equipment?
What tourist in their right mind would dare come to this Country with a Psychopath wanna be Dictator in the WH? ONLY WHITE, ALT RT RACISTS!
Az is where you can kill bison for fun
John McCain, what the Hell is wrong with you?  Trump is trying to overthrow our democracy, and THIS is what you are tweeting?
Socrates suffers from dementia while Plato takes notes http://bit.ly/2qYySH4 
The rest of America will not celebrate until Rep's  stop obstructing justice & covering up Treason committed by Traitor trump & his Mob!
Senator stand up to ALL enemies foreign and domestic. Including the one in the WH.
Please protect our parks! Our environment is not for sale!
Enjoy before Trump reclaims and destroys
I'm from pa, but love your state sir, absolutely gorgeous!
Don't allow these beautiful treasures to be destroyed by Trump.  Please.
We are all asking the prez "How Do You Sleep?" J Lennon
Fun fact: the Kochs want to mine uranium near the Grand Canyon and this administration will probably let them. 
Looks like a great place for an oil rig, maybe a Russian-owned oil rig!
What are you doing about Trump?  You let everyone know that you see what a mess this is, and then you do nothing to fix it.
The ship of State is on fire and you're pushing tourism...WRONG!!!
That's great, but what are you doing about the traitor clown in the White House?
FOCUS!!! #Trumprussia
Celebrate by recommending impeachment for obstruction of justice.
