How about we get Congress to declare a war or bring our troops home?
Please stand firm and vote no Cassidy -Graham bill. The nation is counting on you!
I hope so. We also need bodies. Institute the draft. All of us depend on u
You NEED to see that Americans need health insurance also. All Americans
How much do you get paid to endorse every possible war?  It's got to be a lot...
And these increases can be funded by tax increases to the wealthy.
please support the people on healthcare. the GOP plan is horrible for working Americans, as you know. thank you for your ongoing service.
once again, Hopefully the last time, you turned your back on the GOP agenda, our governor and the American people. Plz step down!
How much is in that budget,billions & billions? How much just goes straight to military contractors? Would more money make us safer? $$WAR$$
Please retire .. you allowed our military to be stripped under Obama.
Vote NO #GrahamCassidy
My grandma age95 will be homeless w/out care #specialneeds children lose care people will die
#MedicareForAll #autism
Supporting Obamacare has eroded the American Dream for millions of Americans & small businesses - yet you continue to do so.
Please lead the way - vote NO on Trumpcare
Building too many M1 tanks that the Army does not want. They put them into storage immediately.
Please vote no on Trump Care. The intent is to beat the 9/30 deadline. It should be about getting it right the proper way.
Retire Rino
John, 
Graham/Cassidy is a HASTY DESPERATE deadline vote 2 HURT AMERICANS. Pre/exist conditions, Sts coverage costs UP.  THINK of YOUR CARE
The Graham-Cassidy bill you said you'll support will kill Americans. Protect our troops AND ordinary Americans unlucky enough to be ill
I concur , Sir, However to Rescind & Replace of #ACA is a non sequitur Vote Thumbs Down on #GrahamCassidy
Pushing this to distract people from the fact that you go from hero to horror by supporting your buddy's awful health care bill?
The cuts happen on YOUR watch, don't act like a hero now
You do realize it was Clinton and Obama that made these cuts. Yet you suppport the left agenda.
Passing Obamacare repeal will kill thousands of people. What are we fighting for?
I honestly don't believe that the troops are your real concern here.
And the Graham Cassidy bill will rip away their healthcare.
How bout U give US citizens the healthcare stability & coverage n perpetuity they need Lookin 4 "No" vote on taking healthcare from millions
Hi are you voting to kill people with Trump care? A non-bipartisian bill while you recover from brain surgeries with tax payer money?
I can't understand why people would want the government to handle health care. they are the most corrupt/inefficient people ok the planet.
...let's investigate the August 6th, 2011 Afghan shoot down of #SealTeam6 Mr Chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
All three of my sons, two nieces, and one nephew know that they don't get support. When they get out they face the Obamacarev fine/tax.
Now do the right thing about health care. Too fast too secretive and not scored. Millions health affected just so GOP can sash ACA repealed
Thanks to TRUMP!!!
So sayeth the warhawk himself!
Cuts to the military have eroded readiness & put troops' lives at risk.  #FY18NDAA will rebuild the military & give troops support they need 
Sorry to say readiness eroded because of expanded commitments around the world with no end in sight or clear strategy!!
Why did you let's the military get in such poor shape?
Where were you before Trump?
End #AidToIsrael reprogram funds to US Military
Too little to late you been around to long you gave life to Obamacare you gave us this mess u should step down
And cuts to healthcare with Graham\Cassidy bill will put American lives at risk. Pls care enough to help. Fix ACA & let it succeed.
The east side of city of Wharton Texas it's a strawberry shake when it foods every single time
Please vote with the Republican Party to improve Obamacare, we really need your vote.
Teach the military to spend wisely!! They gets billions of dollars.
We spend the most on the military. Stop trying to make it out like they are not equipped when you know they are.
Please vote no to the new Trumpcare Bill. It's more of the same
We depend on you
Sorry, but it is the continuing illegal wars of the US that puts all our lives at risk. The illegal US wars in the ME is creating chaos
Please do not vote yes on this Cassidy graham bill it would be devastating to our family n all families dealing with pre existing conditions
Then why would you vote for #GrahamCassidyBill when it also puts people's lives at risk??

https://twitter.com/johnkasich/status/909559693764423680 … it's pretty sad the American people have to beg for there health insurance while we pay for yours keep your word
I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
And what were you doing?
Were where you Sir when Obama was making these cuts. Now that we have a President of the People you are not supporting him. Shame on you.
Thank you for supporting our troops.  Please support us all, and vote no on TrumpCare
Our military gets over 51% of our national budget, perhaps they should spend their money more wisely; and we should stop national building.
No more $50,000 hammers and termination bombs might put a dent in it. AND NO on the Graham-Cassidy healthcare ASSAULT bill please!
Thank you for your service.  Please vote no on Graham/Cassidy ACA replacement.  Thank you!
Happened under your watch Brutus. What's your excuse, Lindsay distract you? RETIRE Brutus
give people with pre-existing conditions the support they need, Senator. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Vote your conscience.
What are you talking about? The military gets most of the money already.
Senator McCain,  I am begging you to vote no on the health bill.  Please.  You are one of the last Senators with an ounce of compassion.
Please vote NO on the latest version of TrumpCare. Counting on you to protect the sick, poor & elderly.
You are responsible for any "cuts". You are the government.
you should also put this much effort into healthcare. you don't have to worry- but normal everyday Americans do
You know that people with pre-existing conditions deserve compassion. Do the right thing and do not vote to allow states to repeal coverage
There's plenty of money in defense budget .... just need to allocate much more to the actual men and women and their families
Restore readiness to healthcare as well Senator. Please do what is right.
Who cares what you say about anything since you are willing to throw millions off healthcare? Your words mean nothing . #LiarinChief
How about the rest of Americans. Don't vote for Graham-Cassidy.
Voting no on Graham-Cassidy. Do not add more stress to the life of these soldiers.
stop spending on machines replacing good stuff made already..new fighter jets?chng avionics nuthin wrong w/F14 now they in Az junk yard!
Your healthcare bill puts us all at risk as well
Mr McCain please Vote no again on the repeal many veterans will suffer if you don't!
No. No more increases to the military. Downsize people, then you won't need more money.
Amazing you want more money to kill people & won't spend any to save them. Some American!
You sound like President Trump. It's a shame that you didn't feel this way the last 7 years.If you did maybe we wouldn't be in this bad spot
Same with our healthcare you Patsy
... and no supporting the President helps.  You put your own agenda first not the USA
Like strong military, but there needs to be fiscal responsibility.  We spend almost 3X more that the next closest nation on defense.  $600B+
Wait a minute. Which is it? DJ said our military was ALREADY getting stronger.
Ahh. Just read your other tweet about pay raises.
Just go home leave the military to people who really care we all know your only for whatever makes you look good
Shut up and resign you turncoat, or at least switch parties.
Vote NO on Trumpcare. PLEASE be the man and Senator we all want and need you to be.
How much money does our military need?  We spend more on defense than many countries combined. How about feeding housing & insuring people?
Regular order
Shame on u for supporting Cassidy/Graham bill. U r killing people w ur vote
PLEASE vote no on repealing ACA. Let other Americans enjoy excellent healthcare as you received. No ins: No routine checkup, no CT, no MRI.
How the hell do we have unlimited funds for refugees and illegals but American live are negotiated?
John trust your President he knows what needs to be don't John get someone to remind you your not the President
Vote no on Trumpcare, military families need insurance.
People who obtain the training do not have to serve in the military or pay for it.  Many have died from Friendly Fire.  Trying to reduce
Vote No! On Trump care
MORE WORRIED ABOUT HEALTH CARE .....AGAIN!!
Vote against Graham/Cassidy, senator.
There won't be anything left for the military to defend if we don't fund healthcare, edu & environmental protection w climate preparedness.
Military Trainers could work 4 or less hours a month.  Better to have high quality trainers provide training than mediocre people
Is this so-called erosion due to your vote on sequestration, senator? This spin is reaching the atrocious. #SaveACA #SaveMyVA
We spend more on the military than the next 8 nations combined. Stop lining the pockets of weapons manufacturers.
Congress should use Militia power Article 1, Section 8 create a Military Trainers Division free no strings training reduce deaths, injuries
Younwould think they could make sue with SIX HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS!!!
#realnews or #FakeNews https://www.occupycorporatism.com/how-the-ndaa-allows-us-gov-to-use-propaganda-against-americans/ …
Money wasted on weapon systems not need has been top priority and not quality guns, ammo, body armor, armored vehicles
Don't cut our healthcare! Save the ACA.
Senator, please make your plea for regular order and no vote in July mean something. Please vote no, millions of lives depend upon it.
*Save the ACA! Cancer patients need bipartisan health care fixes, not distractions! From the American Cancer Society:
Discuss reality of how much USA spends on military compared to other countries and how little value USA gets compared to others
Shame on US for Keeping an Innocent Dr. Aafia Siddiqui in Jail. Answer to US tyrant regime is truly given by North Korea
And the proposed Trumpcare puts veterans , as well as all Americans at risk of not being able to afford healthcare, but you will vote for it
Read Sgt Giunta's Troubling Fight from Washington Post 2010 and then discuss how Congress - mainly Republicans to blame
Vote NO on Trumpcare!
What are they fighting for if the most vulnerable Americans will have their health coverage chopped? Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
By your statement, you should be applauding Trump, he also ran his campaign on rebuilding and supporting the military! You didn't!!!
McCain supports Cassidy's plans to bring down Medicaid http://thehill.com/opinion/healthcare/351177-sen-cassidy-plans-to-bring-down-medicaid#.WcAbPlXPYPB.twitter … SAY NO TO #GrahamCassidy
How will you vote on healthcare?
Please help our troops. They have very few folks looking out for them these days.
How much do we spend each year now senator?
Nothing insures a strong military more than healthy young people to fill the ranks-Kill the Cassidy et al disorder& disease healthcare bill
Mr. Senator what have you done these past 30 years to stop cuts to the military? Be careful when you throw stones
This guy is the worst.  Creates his own problem then takes him 6 years to solve. http://www.cltampa.com/news-views/article/20751961/john-mccain-and-the-politics-of-sequestration … @foxnation #MAGA #Sequester
I know u r struggling with this question. Please use ur life alleviate pain, not being it to others. U r an amazing& loving man & u know 1/3
(if honest with urself) signing Grahams bill will bring pain for many. Always ask urself, does this action. Ring more pain into this  or2/3
..am i helping remove it.  U will be loved in spite of what u do but a great leader will always answer the Q honestly &act accordingly 3/3
If there was a erosion  in the military John it happened on your watch. Time to retire give it up John let someone else give voice to people
If you vote for this awful graham etc non healthcare bill THAT sir will be your lagacy NOT your work on behalf of the troops 
I respectfully disagree with your comment. USA spends more than next 10 countries for the military. Let's STOP being World Police. 
Wait till U C cuts 2 Medicaid,HC loss 4 millions w Lindsey's bill! Knowing what UR going thru,costs,think of millions Of ppl who can't pay?!
Then make sure the money is going to prepare the troops and not to Raytheon's bottom line.
Please vote no! No ! No ! No! All of America is counting on you once more.thank you for your service
Almost every single other area is getting cuts,some that will leave people hungry or homeless, health care is at risk but $64b more to war?
PLEASE do not vote for this healthcare bill!!  My family depends on it!!!!
john fight for our health insurance...fight for Americans not companies profits
Hold on! Cuts to military? The US Military has engaged in continuous warfare during the last 17 years. Battle hardened, tested and READY!
You r just worried about your weapons depot in Bulgaria shutting down "The Arsonal" used to slaughter innocent civilians of Syria #RotInHell
The POTUS tweeting "Rocket Man" also puts the military at risk. #amendment25
Didn't take you long to revert back to wanting to screw over Americans.  You have great healthcare so why should you care right??
No on #GrahamCasiddy
Unfortunately you support ISIS not the brave American soldiers
What is the percent of the budget goes to the military? When has it decreased to below 50% in the last 20 years? Stop the damn wars.
Sen. McCain, PLEASE do what's right for the American people...Trumpcare IS NOT the answer. Vote no.
Say no to Trumpcare!!
The aize of US military Budget vs. the rest of the world. Is we are not ready with such a budget our military leadership is incompetent.
Graham- Cassidy bill is worse than the other attempts. The care and cost will become worse for Americans, not better. Please vote NO!
New Republican Healthcare bill is = to senatorial negligence. Vote NO and proceed with bipartisan work.  - AZ D02 voter
Senator, the money won't go to the troops...did you know our soldiers have to bring their own sheets, pillow, when they deploy!!
@SenJohnMcCain  It's criminal to fail to ensure our troops' safety. At least resume making parts!!!For repairs!!!!
Cuts in every direction -- while the US issues threats, challenges, & ridicule. So the country will be in collapse, but have a low budget.
sure, just don't take our health care. I know Lindsey is a friend and all, but he's pulling the same shenanigans as @SenMajLdr. Be better.
Please vote NO on the inhumane "healthcare" proposal. Don't be one of the bad guys responsible for millions of peoples' death & misery.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy #Trumpcare. It's a farce!
Obamacare sucks money in  pockets other than families paying the premiums for insurance taking food from  kids tables our government ?
#Blame it on #Trillion #Dollar #Warhawk #DefenseContractors whose #Greed & #Avarice are eroding the #QualityOfLife of entire #Communities
Due to manpower shortages, the Air Force just made the O-4 promotion rate 100%. Weaker leadership on the way. Need a fix. -AZ D02 voter
And their health care after they complete their service?
Give me a break. Defense spending is out of control.
Grahams hc bill is horrible! I think many republicans thought this admin would/ could do better than ACA. Clearly they can't!
Just do the American people a favor and just retire!!!! #RINO #Traitor #DrainTheSwamp
Please John - vote no to repeal!  You & I have FEHB but what about other Americans who are not so lucky to have worked for govt?
Your governor is motivated by something else not health-care. Please put is our of our misery, vote no, vote no
Please vote #NoOnTrumpcare
http://Sir.You  are suffering with this brain tumor, feel for the children that are suffering too, they need life Do it right
No, Senator, what has eroded readiness is endless deployments and never ending combat! Stop feeding the military-industrial complex!
This isn't about being strong or weak! President Eisenhower was correct! There are more millionaire defense contractors and lobbyists in DC
I was talking to a retired military person. Worked 20 years makes $200 k plus healthcare-retired. Maybe that needs to be looked at
...which is it now Senator?????
You will be hated forever if you vote for this. Remember how good you felt when you gave the thumb down before?  DO IT AGAIN! Make us proud!
They need safe and legal access to medical cannabis for treating PTSD too
We don't need more military spending. The government needs to get smarter with spending.
He's going to have problem though with his boy Soros McClain's bought sealed and delivered by Soros
With the impossiable number of troops claiming #PTSD at discharge (58%+) no amount of money will improve military readiness. R they faking?
We spend more than next 10 countries combined and you want to spend more?
Indeed. We have an allocation problem, not a budget problem. How about audit the Pentagon first?
