Aren't they the ones that had you milliary records sealed so you wouldn't be charged with treason?.
@Veterans for McCain recall.
& McCain was pardoned by Nixon Songbird McCain was one of last to leave because of good treatment n helping VietCong so much. Traitor STILL
Wrong.
McCain was one of the last to leave because he refused to abandon his fellow POWs DESPITE his father securing his early release.
He nearly caused a ship to sink and got over 100 soldiers killed, earned the name Songbird making dozens of antiAmerican speeches over radio
If you think a Naval aviator's job is an easy one, you should ask one about landing on a carrier deck sometime.
Or about nearly sinking a ship and getting over a hundred servicemen killed because McCain had to be a smartass.

Trump, the man you defend, said you weren't a hero. I'm a Navy veteran and I thank you for your service, but please get Trump impeached.
If McCain's a hero why are his military records sealed and why did President Nixon have to pardon him for his military conduct? Hero!?
Lol, she didn't say that. Read it again.
What would they say of your support of the incompetent, unprepared, serial liar, a danger to this country and to the world Donald Trump?
@potus is 100% on our side. I love and respect your father. He is a real patriot and hero. But he does drive me nuts sometime with Russia.
You must be appalled at the WH's love affair with Russia. Please speak up about it. Loud and often.
Agreed. Plus I'm a Navy Vet and always looked at his courage as a way to help me on my worst days
Horseshit.
You could protect your family's legacy by being the guy that stands up to Trump
Didn't he accidentally blow up a ship once?
@MeghanMcCain Your father has lost his way.
shame on you!!your state voted Trump in shame on you!you won't get a very good return welcome back to Trumps AZ
you should be ashamed  of yourself.
Sh*tstain McCain, leaking from his mouth and his diaper.  RECALL this RINO.
Very Cool!!
No matter your politics, the McCain family deserves America's respect and gratitude for generations of service to the United States.
I think your dad is a hero. It is real easy to be sitting the lazy boy sharing their insight  into being a hero. God Bless your family
Man and you 'barely' made it to Senator and presidential candidate...talk about big shoes to fill hahaha
@MeghanMcCain - interview George Webb .
Please sir. Be the brave American I know you are. We need you right now. Please do not let your final legacy be bowing to a tyrant. Save us!
@JohnEDowney look at his profile picture.
He is on Snapchat.
maybe you will be able to hang with Nancy Pelosi
Thank you Senator McCain, you and your family are national treasures!
So
I grew up in AZ & voted for your dad many times. I lost mine as a result of a war injury in Vietnam when I was 8. Cherish your war hero!
Nice picture.   Without their influence and your father in laws money, you'd be an unknown.  Keep milking it.
THIS mccain is the guy on the championship team that won despite him. yeah he was there but others were always saving him.
That's wonderful, Pride in your family and pride in the USA.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror. Such an American disgrace!
Stop bashing America abroad, lucifer will get you not help u
Senator John McCain is a great American.
Only difference is your grandfather didn't sing like a bird
Too bad you don't support the President like you promised me before the election You'll get no more votes from me. Liar
I'm certain they would be disgusted by your public service. #songbird
Remember when you were an American hero??? Before you were a liberal sellout??? @SenJohnMcCain you're a total fraud!!!
Russia
Wow that is beautiful Senator love this and it should be in the White House :)
Nixon pardoned McCain so he wouldn't be court martialed
RESIGN NOW MCSTAIN!
That's amazing....thank you for generations of service!
Who's paying for McCains vacation?
But @realDonaldTrump says you're not a hero. What gives? @vp
i had 2 brothers in vietnam. one came home an alcoholic went on to become a phd in chemistry. he is being buried jun 9 at arlington.
You're shitting all over their service Senator. The POTUS is a traitor and you're useless.
And I am sure they would be ashamed of how you have turned out.
With a long family history of military service your servile behavior towards #trump, the Commander-in-Chief, is especially disappointing.
You sir are a great American hero, regardless of what Donald Trump said when he was running for office and was sadly elected. #LOCKHIMUP
Why are Songbird McCain's military records sealed and why Nixon pardon? Should've been n prison for Keating 5 bank fraud. #Traitor
Thank you for your service.  My dad is Vietnam vet. #Vietnam #Veteran
They were warriors- would they like your propping up Jihadis in Syria?
Thank you and your family for their service. But please John remember what party put you in the senate
Anything to avoid your constituents in Az. BTW next time you talk to Lindsey tell him to stop making excuses for Trump. Country over party
Your missing the rest of the family, bagdadi and the rest of the Syrian terrorists
Admiral Slew was a brilliant carrier warfare Officer.I admire his tactics  and ideas for fleet coverage in the air.Brilliant man.
Look, a democrat pretending to be a republican.  Put him out to pasture.
This is why we need young, vital, thinking people in government. These old men content with past. That's what gave us trump.
Were they captured as well?

Senator why did In Navy they called your grand ol'man "The dirty trickster" ?? Any trivia ???
I love you john seriously. I hate to stomp on your trip down memory lane, but there is some serious nefarious things going on in the WH.
TY again for your service....But if you haven't noticed your president doesn't give a f*ck about you or your service. DO SOMETHING #CONGRESS
Great. But can you please act on removing the threat that is currently in the WH? My father was a WWII vet. This is not what he fought for
RUSSIA
On the subject of war..and threats..Could you please remind me HOW many heads PUTIN has cut off lately...in comparison to ISIS? I forget!
@DonnaFlowerree STAND UP4OUR COUNTRY!! Country 1st not GOP.
Russia
Please tell Meghan to stop enabling the trashing of HRC on Fox. It's moot. We have WAY bigger problems, actually running (&ruining) the WH.
Your Father & Grandfather were Heros, So are you. And so am I. Please STOP pissing on the POTUS.
hope you remember those oaths you've sworn--Trump and the GOP collaborators have sold out US sovereignty. #GOPCorruptAF
A globalist cuck, that hangs his hat with two other Neo cons Hillary and Lindsey, three peas and a pod
@SenJohnMcCain #HeroesNeverDie u gave darn near everything for ur country. Demand governmental transparency Demand those taxes ur needs u
#Songbird McCain for governmental transparency!? His own Vietnam records are sealed and he blocked attempts to rescue POWs. He's a leaker
Awesome....  So when are you going to start honoring their sacrifice and memory, and save this country?!
What a great president of the USA you would have been. #Honour #Integrity #Loyalty #Service
I appreciate the portraits but please do something definitive about this idiot in the WH. He is a danger to our democracy
That's pretty incredible picture. thanks for sharing
Loser!
Screw U MCCAIN! Don't start this OR Campaign to make us like u again! I screwed yourself becus just like HILLARY u can't take it fr DT!
Seriously, TY for your service. But you are still serving, correct? Great! What are you doing about the foreign agent in the WH?
I don't think you've been following his statements on that matter very closely.
I have. But I haven't seen any real action. He brought the dossier to the FBI. But nothing since. Except voting yes for corrupt cabinet.
What exactly do you think he has the power to do?
1. Get his colleagues informed and on board for investigations.
2. Stand w/other Dems who are writing bills to stop sanctions being lifted..
3. Speak out MORE 
4. Expose Ryan/McConnell for what they are.
5. Get his constituents informed on TRUTH.
6. COUNTRY before PARTY message
Do you want more?
Bet they're really proud of what a good democRAT warmonger you've become
nice but what are u going to do about war within usa
Which one is the one responsible for the Battle of Savo Island in 1942 ?
He doesn't
Thank you for your service but all I see from your vacation is a waste of taxpayer $'s #TermLimits #draintheswamp #MAGA with out you
Truly appreciate you n your family's service sir. What a shame we must follow comm. n chief who is a deferred military evader (aka coward).
And what branch did Obama serve in oh that's right he never did
sir, great picture,
Better stay on board looking at the pretty pictures, Senator. We'll all be underwater before you know it.
#Impeachtrump
trying to pull on the heartstrings songbird? Remember the USS liberty? sir you need to resign folks are waking up to your bullshit
Songbird McCain is directly responsible for hundreds of dead soldiers Careful Johnny,President Nixon can't give you another pardon Traitor
Sorry McCain we all don't come from an affluent and historic family like yours
That is really awesome! Proud of you and your dad and your heroic service to your country. Thank you sir
That's really cool. Please bring our Maverick back and take on @realDonaldTrump
I salute them sir
