If not true, will you apologize for your attempt to lead Americans astray? Common, you're not so old that you can't think straight.
Shame on you Senator.
Whats true is you helped create the slaughter house in the Middle East.
The fact that you got reelected 
is disturbing
Someone with common sense! Ty
@SenJohnMcCain We desperately need you to lead your party! trump must go; he's taking USA down by leaps and bounds! .@AdamsFlaFan .@igggie1
McCain is not a leader. He is not a conservative either ! Tag your it. He is all fricking yours!!!!! Bahahaha!!!!!
Sen. McCain appeared to be our best hope for awhile. Not much of a leader anymore. I agree, unless he does finally lead GOP out of trumpism
McCain: Get the facts right. You are disturbing and hurting the GOP.  You will be working with the Dems again if you are not careful.
He is a democrat!
.... and a traitor
A president, using powers granted by the Constitution, is able to declassify essentially anything without process.
Pres. can declassify info or share it as necessary in interest of Nat'l Security. McCain sore that he doesn't get decision. Support @POTUS
DO SOMETHING.  People have died already because of him, how many more? How much more dangerous does it have to be to take action?!!
Who died?
How do you expect Potus to bring Russia back in line without negotiations. Wake up do your job. Your an American hero. New era is here.
Disturbing?! That's all you can say? Where is your patriotism? 
Is it buried under the massive tax cuts for the rich you want? 
#Impeach
The Russia thing is a smokescreen and the true crimes is that sen McCain and the other senators are sellout to our country to the nwo
And it was true! What is being done about it? #CoryGardner #SenMichaelBennett #TrumpRussia
Prove it! Not from Obama holdovers or you, you flew to the UK to pick up that fake Dossier, You're pissed because U lost, join the Dems.
If true?!!! Why would you even address this, if you weren't positive it's true? Bad politics.
the fight is over the pedophiles in gov, wanting to coverup their crime of child traffcing/child rapes
only you john mccain has betrayed america not president trump,you are not loyal to america/trump
Trump's budget is the best we've had in yrs. You Rhino's deserve to be voted out if office and we will do just that.Obana butt kisser
Stand with your democratic counterparts and DO SOMETHING! We can't do it for you!
McCain is suppose to be a republican. Bahahaha. We know he is not. You can have him!
Disturbing? That's what you got? Hey "Maverick!" Do your job or retire.Treason!There's more Russians in the WH than the the Kremlin!
What evil shit has he done that is worthy of going to hell? I know him as a POW who has served his country.
When will you protect our country and start impeachment? How long will you allow this psychopathy to ruin our country? DO SOMETHING!
McCain protect our country? He and the other members of congress too busy sellout our country to the new world government system.
Are you calling McMasters a liar? Shame on you John, you have completely lost your damn mind old man
McMaster: "I was in the room, it didn't happen."

Who is leaking this fake news?

…
You are deeply disturbing, in a Maxine Waters kinda way. The American people have lost all faith in you. Time for you to go
Needs to go now before he doesn't anything dangerous.
You are a traitor to the united states of america.
John McCain is a disgusting loathsome individual.
john mccain looks in the mirror what does he see in it george soros
What's is deeply disturbing is that your a sellout to our country and you need to be impeached for your treason crimes
Go on CNN they luv making a ass if you.
Trump set this up to flush out the leakers.  I'm so hoping it is you or your puppet McMullin.
You are right on the money. McCain must go down now that he and @Evan_McMullin have been exposed. We pray god intercede and remove these 2
Time for you, as an admired 'elder statesman', to bravely act on behalf of the American people, & stop going along with GOP party politics!
Bahahaha! A elder has been with no back bone! A traitor to his country. The alt left communist party can have McCain
Why would you tweet something as "disturbing" when you have no facts...
Anyone who quotes anything from the (Amazon) Washington Post (Jeff Bezos) doesn't care at all about credibility.
Impeach trump. Impeach trump. Impeach trump. Country first, grow a spine! Enough is enough.
#RESISTYOURASS
What would Republicans do if President Obama did this? Time to stand up, put security of USA ahead of party. Trump isn't fit to be POTUS.
Republicans wouldn't do anything. They are a bunch of pussies! #RESISTYOURASS
When are you and GOP going to get rid of Trump? Or are you and GOP bought by the Russians too?
The Russians are coming! The Russians are coming!
Stop verbalizing your concern and #DoYourJob! work w @gop to #ImpeachTrump! #TrumpRussia #ITMFA
Yeah! McCain you traitor!!! Work with the people around you and do your job!!! Right! Do your job!!! Do your Job!!! You Job!! DO UR JOB!!
This is VERY third grade of you to post this picture with disrespectful remark.  You really are dishonest and very jealous @SenateGOP
It's not a scandal . There is nothing! You are a Rino and a traitor to our Country and our President
We will probably never know.. however Russia knows since their news media was allowed at the meeting.. Ours wasn't..
Sir, YOU are deeply disturbing to all clear-thinking Americans.
Obama shared sensitive information with everyone for 8 years. Where were u then mccain? You liberal dogturd!
What's disturbing is the obvious dementia setting in making you think you're still a relevant Repub. You sold out long ago. Go away.
'according to current and former U.S. officials' -WHO are the officials that said this happened-it's #fakenews.
No...no, he didn't. What's deeply disturbing is your refusal to support your party's @potus.
@SenJohnMcCain wen are u gona give it up? U shld be enjoying life as a retiree. U need to move on or get with the times and @realDonaldTrump
bitter soul and traitor of conservative principles. Watch Democrats how they unite and do the same!
Mccain has embarrassed our country.
Weren't you pardoned one time for something you did do? Let's not go there. If you have evidence put it out there. Else quit talking.
Why did they call John McCain "songbird" in Vietnam's Hanoi Hilton?
You're part of the problem John.
not true and you know who spread the lies that russia is to blame, you did
you and the never trumpers are a big joke to the Republicans
You are the disturbed one.  No wait better word is traitor
I speak for many republicans when I say you don't belong in our party. You're the disturbing one.
Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck.
Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck.
Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck.
Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck. Cuck.
I think  you need to shut up because obviously your foreign policy expertise has sucked it up the last 30 years.
MORE PROOF YOUR A UNDER COVER DEM.
U know it's not true Songbird...CIA must have a lot of nasty vids of u w little boys--ur so desparate 2 sink Trump
Arizona why in the hell do you vote for this guy?
You got left wing Democrats following you McMasters already told Americans what was discussed and WaPo disclosed a leak that's UnAmerican.
You, sir, are shameful.  Please retire.
Not true and you have been too close to the left lately.
#trumpgate
John, know better...anonymous sources push by purveyors of fake news on an attempt to highJack our elections results!!! Get behind Trump
so what are you going to do about it? Actions speak louder than tweets.
you are taking a negative view without positive evidence, so what else is new in the field of 'dirty' politics!!
Please retire RINO
russia used as coverup of DNC seth rich murder whistleblower to wikileaks and you know this is true
Not true don't post fake news . Why do you post BS when you have no protesting RINO
Proof
You're blind hatred for a slight during an election is immature. Get with the program or get out-of-the-way @SenJohnMcCain
PLEASE retire....you have passed your expiration date. DEMS make you and L. Graham look like idiots.
Shame you weren't as disturbed when HRC was proven to have free wheeling with classified information. Enough of the unnamed sources BS!!
Good Lord look at all the nut jobs on this bigger nut jobs post talking about impeachment!! Lol. Not happening.
If not true, even more disturbing.
U r as bad as the media to say "if true", why!! All running to break it 1st w/out FACTS! Seriously do u think this is healthy for r Country!
what the hell ever
Clintons made $Millions$ w/Russians & nobody says a thing. Where's the outrage hero? This isn't heroic behavior. Trump was right. Ur no hero
What's disturbing is your lack of support and mentioning impeachment of your party's President. You used to be just a RINO, but you crossed
How many things do you have to be 'deeply disturbed' over before you actually do something? It's a good line, but holds no meaning anymore.
Did you pick up a phone and call Trump to ask, or just tweet about something you read from anonymous source? You know, like Trump would do.
Stop being a hater, we are you on unmasking ,Rice, Lynch?
Why do all of the politicians have to weigh in until the facts are in? You are just like the rest of the trash. Time to clean up!
Please. You may not have wanted him to be POTUS. However, MILLIONS of American citizens voted for him. Do not negate our voices with yours!!
Why would you even credit it with a response? Because you got a chip on your shoulder about my president. #GetOverIt
Retire already.
You should have been left in Vietnam....
Back your President, you RINO POS!!
you're supposed to be a Republican , when the swamp is drained you will be Replaced,,,,
The fact you assume it true is what's disturbing. I will never waste a vote on you again.
NAME, RANK AND SERIAL# Senator McCain. THE UNITED STATES DEMOCRACY is under ASSAULT by MSM & democrats & socialists. THATS DISTURBING
The Manchurian Candidate speaks.
Speak for us &our Republic at this critical time! Be the man &patriot we need--please.Fight corruption in W.H. &partisanship-for all of us.
It's more disturbing how you ignore the murder of Seth Rich. Say his name turncoat. Do you have any party loyalty at all? #Sorospuppet
Why would you post such nonsense, you were not present, YOU dont know what was said. Get to work, do something for the people.
#Russian Republicans Allege McCain Covered Up His Collaboration with the North Vietnamese as a POW! Very Troubling!
You are the worst! Thank the sweet Lord you did not win the Presidency!
Were you this disturbed when they proved  obamas leaks got our SEALS killed? Probably not....
You trust the Post over the POTUS. Look at your own words, if true? What is disturbing is this self serving attitude.
If this is true where is Ur concern that Comey failed 2 inform Congress??  Y Rnt U leading charge against DEEP STATE? Dennis Kucinich is??
Until U know 4 fact Y have U become Dems answer for bi-partisan support!!!  Every channel is running U attacking our President!! Honestly Y?
YOUR actions have been deeply disturbing. You have become such a #Loser. #SAD
LIES and you know it. Defend our President. Stand by him.
Shut up already! Has been loser. You gave us BO.
Strategy on how to defeat isis is what they were talking from all I've heard.  No names given, just game plan. You're just mad he won U NOPE
Wherever there is a microphone, you will find losers like Chuck Schumer and John McCain spewing hatred for Donald Trump!  @realDonaldTrump
Throwing Trump under the bus was a big mistake. None of these charges are true; in fact, you are responsible for spreading the fake dossier!


We don't need to fuel the fire for the #MSM anonymous sources. Wish the @GOP had the "balls" to impeach Obama for "known" unlawful acts.
If you don't know if it is true or not, why do you have a comment?
Were you disturbed when Obama  publicly gave  out classified into? Of course not. RINO.
Funny how Russia AND Israel defend our potus. Maybe b/c he's diplomatic and knows how to talk to diplomats.
Come on @SenJohnMcCain support Trump - Maxine W@is a &%# but u don't see Dems taking shots at her - get your patriotic act together
Heroism is doing what is right for our country in the face of pressure from your own party. Be a hero!#beaheroJohnMcCain
"If true?" All due respect, Senator - you are already condemning this as fact in other tweets.
My support for u has gone from 100%  to ZERO Your lack of support for POTUS  leaves me no choice You are an idiot
Signed by a NAVY VETERAN
If you love your freedom, thank a veteran. Unless his name is John McCain.
You know damn well it is not true. You are such a phony Republican.
why is it no matter what the dems stand together, but the repubs quickly bring out the skillet to fry their own?
not true
Resign trader
Did you hear McMasters feedback before you spewed this.
I cant believe you would make a comment like this about @POTUS #shame #standup #bepositive  doesn't need more hate. Comment on facts only.
#FakeNews begins with "IF"! @SenJohnMcCain you failed in your bid for #Potus! You're a #HasBeen! Retire!!
He's ignorant, incompetent & totally unqualified. Time 2 return 2 the Apprentice before he does more damage-he's a threat to US & allies.
I really don't get why you and the Democrats seem
hell bent on bringing the country down.
So you would rather believe an unnamed source than the GOP president.  Makes me sick I voted for you.
He knows more than you ever will.
Impeach this foolish, incompetent, and corrupt man
Retire Tokyo Rose. Nixon screwed up. You're screwed up. Retire
McCain you know full well this is crap and happens-- put aside your feelings
IT IS DEEPLY DISTURBING THAT U ARE STILL IN OFFICE SENATOR McCAIN, DO THIS NATION A FAVOR.......RETIRE
I think you truly know this didn't happen, you still fight against "us the Republican" people for your own personal interest.  Support POTUS
I will give something that isn't an IF... you have had 7 years to get together on health and still nothing... that is disturbing #termlimits
#termlimits
Please take action, do something about it!
Where was your disdain when Obama and Biden were releasing similar info.  Seal team unit # & location, name of Pakistani doctor, etc
What in hell has happened to you?  You had my respect/admiration.  Maybe it's time for you to retire. Do you really believe lies/innuendos?
Your behavior as a Senator is disturbing
"If true, deeply disturbing" Dear Senator - pls be the man who stared down the NVA.  Call for special investigator. Pls.
You just can't get over the fact that we wanted Trump and we didn't want you. You're just like our idiot Governor John Kasich.
You should actually do something.  All you do is talk.  Do something.
you have compared this to Watergate, with Watergate there was this thing called proof, where is the proof now and if there is show us
An outspoken lackey is still just a lackey
Instead of talking then eventually doing nothing and falling in line (like campaign assault video) how about less quotes and actual action
Are you looking for the leakers, @SenJohnMcCain? Because it was all #FakeNews! NYT/WaPo= #FakeNews! @LouDobbs @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
Dude... if true? You know it's true. The #TrumpBase hates you anyway. Be a hero to the rest of us.
@realDonaldTrump And of course, it WASN'T right (key word "wish") but @SenJohnMcCain won't acknowledge THAT. What party ARE YOU? Republicrat
Good God! Seriously? You don't trust Mcmaster & Tillerson? It's time for you to leave politics.
The Power of Prayer is stronger than any group of witches & their curses. This hatred & evil will destroy liberal and Democratic party.
To be honest Senator Democrat McCain it would be nice if you would back the Republican President in office.
If you don't know if it's true, then you shouldn't be repeating. JS
Ya think? I mean duh Now do something about it please. #countryoverparty
If it were true it wouldn't be in the WP. Please retire!
You believe Washington Compost? You are part of the swamp, quick to judge w/ no proof, anonymous sources. Give me a break!
If the people who weren't even in the room say it is true, is that good enuff for you? #fakehysteria
I want to see all the notes from Obama Clinton Rice and Lynch! Now those memos are disturbing & obstruction of justice! Where was your Voice
Screw "disturbing"!  Do your damned job!  Special prosecuter..subpoenas..
Talk talk talk Senator. That's all you do. Start doing something. Push. Otherwise your words are just "thoughts and prayers".
Subpoena THESE: We demand these notes #ComeyMemo reg Benghazi, Lynch/Clinton tarmac meeting, Rice unmasking, Obama ransom.
Confirmed by multiple sources, including the Orange Shitgibbon himself. So get your head out of your ass and do something about it.
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, this was it, sir. Time to get off your butt, stop speaking and START DOING.
Fake BS!! Stop falling for it. Oh that's right, you and the rest of the establishment don't like an outsider who doesn't play your games!
It's true.  Time to get off the Trump train and impeach this dangerous lunatic and traitor.
Then DO something!  You helped create this mess.
Democrat through and through.  McCain   true blue in the worst way.
Is true. And is deeply disturbing. As a True American, Senator, you must react when democracy is challenged this way. Silence is Complicity.
Keating five - you are one of the most hated republicans ever John. RHINO MCCCAIN
How about less talk and more action from the esteemed a Senator?
Wish you were disturbed at obama! Oh wait you were is lap dog
#marchfortruth #impeachtrump #indivisible the few repubs left who don't suck up to @realDonaldTrump + his lies need 2 get this lunatic out
Shame MCCain, don't get your facts from CNN or a Comedy Central
