Sir, I hope they win every game for you!  
Why don't you take a knee like all good libtardians??
Senator McCain's friend Jane Fonda is missing from this video.
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Dork. Doesn’t even live with the wife. She spits at him occasionally
You suck
You are my hero Mr. McCain.
Thanks nutjob!!
Your stupid VP wasted taxpayers money to keep the drama going, and don the con is also wasting money by golfing every damn weekend!
I wish he was that excited about Healthcare
He got his Cadillac plan & does not care about the American people, especially those in Az.
Wish you would’ve went into vote on HEALTHCARE FOR AMERICANS with that type of passion. #herotoZERO

Ask me that after the next election cycle sweetness.
Anyone who calls you "sweetness" is a condescending misogynistic -
Retire you Rino you screwed us over!!!
go home John your time has ended !!
Sorry @SenJohnMcCain  #GoDODGERS
ya gonna bring your hit men too???
Aw! Lol! So cute! 
Haha! Love  this gif of you! You go Glen Coco!! Keep fighting the good fight! Many of us love you and you're in our prayers!
Damn, that tumor hasn’t spread? Sad.
Love the absolute joy on your face!
You bet!!!!! Disgrace to Ariz.!!!!
We won!!!


@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Looks more like when you voted down obamacare.   @LindseyGrahamSC  @realDonaldTrump
# @eaglesfanjoe_sr
I thinking............................
Where am I????
Retire already
What insurance this guy have ? Obamacare? I don’t think so ...what about you?
Time to pay for his NRA money, a legacy of an old man who clung desperately to power, pathetic.
You are going crazy. Time to go
That's a real American. I thank john not trump.
We love u.
Even though I am a Rockies fan. I am happy for you Senator McCain
Looks like the NRA got you good seats.

Stretching them arms McCripple? Sit down and stop talking please. The Dumbocrats want you and sloppy Kasich.
Don't worry, Cubs will have no trouble again this year! 
@BamSrydon


zombie john
Limp D OR IS IT ARM?
Are you going to cheer on the other team, like you did in Vietnam?
Sooooo great!!!! DBACKS FOREVER
@DanielBalcombe, Golden. this was the final piece of evidence I needed to be convinced that this man would have made an excellent POTUS.
I hope they make you that happy tonight. But GO CUBS! And D’s tonight.
After seeing Trumps healthcare bill fail.
So disappointed in you as a Senator & an American.  You let all Americans down twice now because you think only of yourself.  You can afford to pay for any healthcare need you have but we have to work hard to stay afloat! #Shameonyou

Please retire. You are killing millions of Americans who can't afford healthcare now because of you
I'm sure you'll turn on them too.
givin' it the ol' @GovHowardDean
Crazy
#songbird
Ya need hit I. The head with a fast ball.
Strange
@NotoriousJustin
Please ignore the haters (gonna hate) & know you are ed and appreciated, always, for watching over us for many years of great service!!!
Going to game with your tax payer funded health care . U be dead if u had what u gave the rest of the USA.  What a legacy u leave swamp man
Traitor
I love you, John!Go Wild Cats!
You people should be working on tax reform, Obamocare, instead of having a good time. Your a waste of tax payers money. Need 8 yr terms only
You'd think on the field was the potential expansion or initiation of war in some forsaken and poverty-stricken land.
he looks like he's brain damaged. we would'nt give my gramps the tv remote when he was that old and acted that way. please retire
I'm a @Cubs man through & through but you gotta admire that passion. You make me want to root for the @Dbacks too! Here's to baseball fans.
I can not stop watching this lol
Lookin' good @SenJohnMcCain . Lookin' good.
Dumb.
Enjoy Yourself Sen McCain
Dbacks game or in Syria after arming anti-Assad Islamist extremists? Hard to tell at times.
If only u were concerned about repealimg obamacare.
God bless you.  If it wasn't for Sarah you would have been Prez and Trump would have never established a foothold.

And you are still acting like a fool.
Even as a Yankees fan, I love to see you this happy.  I hope they get it!
Your enthusiasm is amazing. Get well soon sir.

I'm a Dodgers fan and a Democrat but you are awesome for posting this
congratulations!
Glad you are having fun. Why aren’t you doing some constructive work in the Senate? You are a disaster!
How much will this cost us, the US payers? Also, you act silly the next day, after staying up past your bedtime watching baseball.

Frankenstein
Someone sure looks happy!  HA! Congrats!
Thanks for being part of our lives, we are all richer for your presence, John
Enjoy Sir!!
You still don't get it do you John. You are a trader we don't care what game you go to I don't care anyway. Trader trader trader
See you after the @Nationals beat the cubs and God bless you, sir! #SoDakNats
Worry about healthcare, not baseball..
Hey @Dbacks - give this patriot a World Series win. #McCainStrong
You should be working no on the budget and tax cut.
good happiness for you, Sir.
Enjoying life!!!
Like........a happy Frankenstein?
Best seats at a ball game, BEST healthcare. Best... Nothing's too good for Arizona's Patrician Senator. Enjoy. 
Comme quoi, c’ est bien d’ avoir plusieurs passions dans la vie....bon pour l’équilibre personnel et la santé mentale!
  
I am a Democrat and give 2 thumbs up to John McCain.The MAVERICK.He has stood his ground protecting USA against TRUMPCARE. I STAND W/ MCCAIN
You are adorable @SenJohnMcCain
Sitting in the RESIST TRUMP section?
@SenJohnMcCain I love everything about you BUT your fealty to the NRA
Colorado Rockies fan here. @SenJohnMcCain I wanted to personally thank you for your service to our Country! 
Love seeing you so joyful. God bless you and ur family
I wish I was on that on deck Circle. I would walk right up and tell him what a POS he is!
See you in the NLCS, Senator.  Cheers!
Is that how you also look when you take @NRA bribes?
Nice to see him enjoying himself.
We don’t give a shit John,,, pass health care and tax reform ........ loser!
Come on, Diamondbacks.  Bring it home for the war hero.
So nice to see your Dad out there @MeghanMcCain
Sorry but this year belongs to the @Yankees
Sure sure. Just like U were going to replace #Obamacare?
#rhino #Liar
Stay at the game please, your failure to pass healthcare is going to cost us Americans for years. We’re suffering you fool
With all due respect, sir, Go Cubs Go!
Love seeing you having fun!! Go D’Backs!!
How'd that work out for you?

Go away
Love this!!!  I'm going to root for these guys!
too bad he was behind the net, a foul ball should crack the 1/2 of his brain that's not already riddled with guilt caused cancer. #selloutJM
1249 yes deal I bet
I disagree with John McCain on lots of things really but he's a war hero and a tough guy if anyone can beat cancer you can god bless you
#tweetswrittenbystaff #cribbingtrump
Aaaaarg I'm the a****** that killed Health Care repeal
With all due respect ... this would be hilarious with some various sounds dubbed over it. 
Sen McCain is it true U took money from NRA? Don't break my heart Don't agree with your political views but I always thought of U as Hero
Here's a man, in the face of death, shows us all how to live......
I can’t help but love this man.
That's how I felt Sir, when you cast the thumb's down vote to stop them taking away our Healthcare!! You're our hero for your actions!
Love this!!!!!!
no comment.
this is how I felt when obamacare was saved and many lives with it
Nice video 

You look like the elderly RINO version of Frankenstein getting ready to attack the villagers
Yeahhhh!!!
Cross the aslie already you Democrat
Best wishes Mr. McCain!
The world missed out on having you as a US president
#GoDodgers!!!
Tumor acting up? Bye
Don't drool all over self or shit your pants ya senile ass
Love you John McCain
Hope you had a fantastic time. :)
What a rattler! 
The only thing this guy likes is their votes, he is a professional BS swamp politician. He doesn't care, those are fake emotions.
Congratulations @DBacks. You guys are tough. So are we... see you next year. #RockiesNation
Sorry Greg take it from a Met fan there may be no next year lol
You’re adorable. Stop taking money from the NRA. K?
I love it @SenJohnMcCain. Go DBacks!
Okay. Tonight's win means new clip!
GIF
Makes me happy to see him happy.
I love this kind of joy.
Great man
Did the @NRA pay for those nice seats you're sitting in?
Congrats Senator! @MeghanMcCain
Get som Senator McCain. I hope you are keeping your spirits up. Enjoy the game sir.
I swear my vagina opens this wide. Traitor
Love it and love you support!

Good for you
May we see you this happy for many many years senato. Thank you for your service, past, present and future
nationals better be worried
mistake .dodgers better watch out
@Marcie889
Just left the game. Had a great time! Go D-backs!!!
It's been a good game, so far. This is what makes baseball fun.
Looks like u enjoyed it  welcome to October baseball!!
Damn, are you still alive? What a waste of Oxygen.
Ok @SenJohnMcCain- if you want the Diamondbacks to win, I'll root for them. You certainly deserve that. But no way against the Cubs.
Ok, that Tweet got you two runs!
GO ROCKIES!!!
This is exactly how 25 million Americans would feel if we had your taxpayer-paid healthcare plan.
Please retire so we can #MAGA
Don’t you have gun control legislation you could be working on?
I don't care about the game I'm cheering for you
“Frankenstein lives”
@GOP McCain is dangerous for America: mentally unfit, REMOVE HIM!
http://www.oann.com/sen-mccain-holds-up-pentagon-nominees/ …
@GOP 
John McCain May Be Unfit for Office After Series of Strange Questions Aimed at Comey
@GOP SAVE AMERICA!
John McCain Is A Mentally Ill Terrorist Sympathizer
http://www.blacklistednews.com/John_McCain_Is_A_Mentally_Ill_Terrorist_Sympathizer/26311/0/3/3/Y/M.html …
@GOP McCain as safe as LV shooter: UNHINGED!
@GOP : feel sorry for America, not for McCain
Mentally Ill McCain Accuses Rand Paul Of Working For Putin
Recall Senator John McCain as he is UNFIT both Medically and Mentally to serve his duties as a Senator
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/recall-senator-john-mccain-he-unfit-both-medically-and-mentally-serve-his-duties-senator …
OMG I love this!
@GOP Team America: ISIS is ‘McCain’s Army’ Remove the unhinged mentally ill!
You stupid little man
Hahahahahaha
It really sums him up perfectly
Happy to see you happy and enjoying Life!
@GOP Unable and unwilling to perform his job: Plays senile personal vendetta with America:
https://seeingredaz.wordpress.com/2017/06/12/one-tough-job-making-excuses-for-john-mccain/ …
@GOP We can't have a crazy man hold America hostage! Remove Him!
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2008/7/3/546125/- …
@GOP: America asks the Senate to remove John McCain due to mentally illness:
#Happy to see you having fun SIR!
Rooting for you Senator! Dont much agree with your poitics but you are an honorable man and a decent human being! Your courage is inspiring!
How honourable is arming jihadists scum?
What did they put in your cracker jacks? You like absolutely euphoric!
Mentally disabled, not fit to serve in Congress:
That's how us without health care would of felt if not for your vote
