@FluffscruffJrs @dcexaminer MUST STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS HURTING KIDS WOMEN DESTROYING FAMILIES
Just now realizing this??? Where were you the last 8 years???
This is an extreme for the USA to take care of the Forcers who take care of Us!
Why haven't you spoke out before now!Your negative comments on anything!Pickup the phone,call the President!
armed services committee long time failure ur responsibility u backed down from obama. Now run mouth to hurt pres
YES...such a good idea to keep our enemies posted about how depleted our military is.  I feel safer already. NOT!
send McCain to the bone yard
he's a has been
mane back to a pow camp
Why announce this. Just fix it.
because gaining support for a controversial issue is needed to pass a bill increasing military fundin
Your right. I often forget that no brained to me need convincing to others.
who's watch did this happen under? Rebublicans stood by and watched our military get reamed.
Not lifting a finger to get the US out of this mess are you. Obama really brought you to heel.
@seanhannity what has been going on for last 8 yrs. that "elected" officials allowed this - Obama years legacy!
Because of you and your lies!! Great Job!!! LOSER
I don't think McCain would have fixed the problem, glad he never was president
This your fault, McCain. See what being chummy with Obama has cost this country? Your new nickname "T-Rex jaws."
under your watch you did nothing now your concerned? Go retire.
Your fault! You were up Obamas a$$ 8 years. @POTUS @seanhannity
@FluffscruffJrs @dcexaminer IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE PENCE CABINET ALL ASSIGNED PICKED BY PUTIN KREMLIN TRAITORS PIES
@FluffscruffJrs @dcexaminer ? DID U LET HIM STEAL HER PRESIDENCY? ? DID CONFIRMED ANY HE ASSIGNED PICKED BY PUTIN KREMLIN
Since our military weakness has been exposed to the world, hope no one gets the idea to attack us.
What a shame! ISIS has many of our artillery/weapons/trucks/tanks, etc thanks to #BHO&Clinton.  Gave them as gift
Guess why Songbird....because they've been used for 25 years to fight undeclared wars in the Middle East.
I suppose you will find a way to ridicule President Trump for this!
@JeffFlake What about #justice for those female Marines who's "brother in arms" snuck nude photos of?
It's happening tho
This is unacceptable! If the Obama administration. knew this, they shld b held partially responsible.
hmmmm looks great.
What bullshit.
Scary!!!
wow
You been there 40 freakin years John. YOU OWN IT
@seanmdav @dcexaminer how did that happen???
why have you turned weak on #Russia, #Sessions, and #Terrorism? Even @LindseyGrahamSC has a backbone now. Yikes.
This happened on YOUR watch senator! How have YOU been supporting our troops??Veterans??
that's because Obama made our military weak
and yet you care Nothing for our underfunded schools, healthcare, environment, etc. It's only weapons for you
underfunded schools..you're joking right? Highest per capita funding in the world and not even in the top 10 for results.
yes you should be ashamed and now pretending like this is news to you - give us a damn break
its time John 2 fill Ur seat with fresh minded young conservative Vet who is N touch with 2days VA needs. FIX VA
cuts in education & health care for the poor but fund new pet project for the industrial MIL complex? No way.
what is the point of empire when we can't even take care of the well-being of our own people?
Marines do not need much to complete s mission but i want then at 100 percent always
Maybe we should fix the problem instead of telling the whole damn world.
U dropped the ball 4 35yrs on so many things.we now find ourselves repairing Ur neglect. Maintenance John. FIX VA
@seanmdav @dcexaminer Where was McCain while this was happening?
. Why didn't you do something about this? You need to work with @POTUS  Trump NOW.
If you keep cutting taxes on the wealthy where is this money coming from? You're killing off the middle class.
umm..obama hammered the wealthy and still gutted defense and doubled the debt. What a guy
happened under Ur watch John. Thnks 4 Ur service. what have U done 4 me lately? Bad mouth Us ovr Cs? DAV 2 FixVA
no really? Where is that massive budget going? You don't need more money John... spend what you have better.
NATO, maitence, mak
And you watched it happen Senator and did nothing about it. #Resign
how much did the sequester that you voted for John cause that
@seanmdav @dcexaminer How is it we hear about this after Obama left office? Where was the media holding power to truth? Treas
one wonders if we couldn't divert some funds from M-1 Tank purchases?
and you wont help Trump rebuild it. will you?
They DON'T NEED IT. THEY ARE A MUCH SMALLER FORCE. People are fucking gullible.
Republican Congress created this!
oh sure..Congress now also signs legislation?obama said he would veto higher defense spending
Average folks are always asked to do more with less - the govt should do the same.
When your car breaks down, you fix it, not demand the govt to buy you a new car!
Who the hell has been in Charge for the last 20 years? I laugh at your remarks and stupidity-slacker!
you and congress are st fault. U can't hide and blame. Look at yourselves. Take credit for ur actions   Shsmeful
Does that slow down your war effort?
not just because of the democrats but the entire swamp who have been there way too long #udontreallydoanything
almost makes you wonder how effective our forces could be if Washington would work together, doesn't it?
Go for it John. What happens when...?
then he hired 62 DOD Civ. in GS 15 - ES 4 @ 110 - 175 K a year. Those people are now doing what OBummer wanted.
-John, the American people put you in charge of this. Did you forget?This all happened on your watch!!! Old/tired
yea and you should retire or resign because I believe you're a traitor to the United States. KEENE 5
You think McCain is a traitor?! Do you know who occupies the White House right now? Are you aware of the mounting allegations against him?
So a mere few thousand are available. Is that such a travesty or do we really need them all, all the time?
Fix the problem vs talking now that your party controls all three branches of government
That's because of The Democrats being in Office for the Last 8 Years @POTUS Will fox that 
I mean fix that 
That's because of Obama Centric Special Interests. Sequester cut 2.2% from the annual increase, then OBummer 1/2
so, instead of a wall... different priorities.
- John never thinks before he speaks. Or maybe he forgets? Huh?
Where are all the pics of the Clintons at Donald's wedding to Melania?...
well that sucks
