Also, have you explained why, after saying you wouldn't vote for trumpcare, you did last night?
No he didn't vote for trumpcare he only voted to discuss a bill.  He hasn't voted for any bill
Yes, He did last night. around 9pm PHX time. Multiple votes yesterday.
No, he voted only procedurally. Procedural votes are not the same thing as substantive votes
yes - he did.
I'm a very liberal Dem & am pissed as hell at him, but the *fact* is that it was a vote to continue debate, NOT to pass the bill.
I'm a Democrat as well, but the thing is that if that vote had passed it would have barely made the news. It was only relevant for ending it
I'm done making excuses for McCain - he's decided to say one thing (I'm a maverick) and do another (yes mr trump).
But you'd still vote with the president, correct?
So! We need to get rid of Ocare people it's is imploding. Funny how u don't care about the ppl with premium higher then their house payment
I does need to be fixed, not sabotaged. I do care about high premiums. Several I know are in that situation.
No we're not going to prop up of Ocare with more money that just hurts more people. Repeal and go back to what we had.
.What did we have? I don't recall. Why can't we just have single payer with the option to buy 2nd ins if wanted. Why all the hullabaloo?
A single-payer system is socialism. You want someone to decide if you live or die because you're too expensive?
I was just sent home from hospital yest with no one to help because of insurance. Doc wanted me to stay just 1 more day but ins said no.
But they not medically ready Chelsea Treason Manning anyone!!!!!
First thing whatever the general say is in the best interest of this country. Is who should make the decision. Stop paying 4 surgeries
And than immediately john mccain votes to to block trans ppl to serve in the military.  Ur all talk man
the military is not a social experiment, its NOT a civil right to serve. taxpayers shouldn't foot the bill for gender reassignment.
U really think ppl join military so that military can pay for their gender reassignment surgery?  REALLY? That is ridiculous
maybe they join it for the free boner pills. US Govt spends multiples more on Viagra or Mar-a-Lago than gender surgeries.
Viagra is also 4 stroke, diabetes, heart failure and altitude-related lung issues. It has more uses. What use is transitioning in military?
U actually know a man who uses viagra for anything but a boner? Really? Sure you do
Maybe that Seal team 6 patriot who had gender surgery needed it while dating someone like Jules while closeted. #BonerPillsCrucialToNatlDef
They can pay for their own surgery. Simple enough. Not abnormal Vet related medical care need.
A towering pillar of strength
Hello from Vancouver Canada, sending you and your family Positive thoughts 
Why did you arm and support the leader of ISIS?
Strong words, but will you DO anything? Yesterday you voted YES on the bill you said in your speech you would vote no on. Will you stand up?
He never will.
Mr. McCain: Tremendous respect for you and your service. However, your mouth keeps writing checks you won't cash with ACTION.
I really wish you would ACT on what you SAY because you say the right things.
Sorry but we aren't really interested in what you have to say. Please resign or at least reveal that you are actually a Democrat
Votes count! Your BS drivel doesn't
They cannot possibly meet mental guidelines when they are rejecting their own biology.
yea, they don't want to be a coward like you. Afraid to stand up to a bully. What happened to the courage you used to have.
Even though i dont agree on your vote yesterday....I stand with you on this dystement. #transrightsarehumanrights
What you say versus what you do now has all of us confused.  Hard to believe you any more!
But can we keep our health care??? Please???
Yes!!!!!!!
So your comfortable with someone who doesn't know what Gender they want to be having your six?
The full statement from someone who lies to get elected doesn't have much value #earlyonsetalzheimers
do America a favor RETIRE
Instead of tweeting and making speeches, how about actually doing something to back up your hollow promises
Thank you Sir.
Why would anyone care what a spiteful old brain-diseased sellout thinks about a military he hasn't been part of since 1975.
Meghan why did he vote yes? In his statement he said he couldn't vote for the bill.
Fuck you libtard, anti-American piece of shit. Die already...
Just did

Love this !!!!
Then no problem bc #Transgender is a mental illness, so they are not ready for #military action. Problem solved. #Trump is right.
READ HIS,  STATEMENT, ( carefully) _ HE DISAGREED WITH ,PRESIDENT, TAKING TO TWEETER, THEN HE DOES ?? John Mc.CAIN , is trying to clam storm
You are all talk. Please retire.
Nice words, but if it came to a vote you would roll over immediately.  You say one thing and then vote the party line.  Shameful Hypocrite.
Retire.
Fine for YOU Sen McCain
I agree with Mr Trump
Does not enhance war-fighting ability
$300000 surgery. Lengthy recovery Restore Medicaid cuts
I agree if that's what the general's want. Just keep penises OUT of my daughter's bathroom! A penis is still a weapon on a trans.  PERIOD!!
That's where the line is drawn.  The freedom to serve should apply to Trans too!  Just keep male-bodied Trans out of Female showers, baths
100%
Your words mean nothing because your actions rarely follow.
U continue to be out of touch with AZ and the country.
Plz step down & heal so AZ can be better served by someone w/full mental capacities.
You are so right McQ!
they won't meet medical standard because they don't have healthcare. thanks to your vote in the senate tho u lied & said you'd vote no
Is this what you said when BHO decided to allow it?  Please advise as to reasons for the flip, other than 'F Trump'...
You're all bark and no bite. It's all party over country for you.
They will be high maintenance, im tired of playing along with their fantasy
Mr.McCain,we are in trouble to day because we have an incompetent President.
Gender dysphoria is a mental illness incompatible with military service.

The one thing @realDonaldTrump was right about is you being a loser. All of your past deeds are overshadowed by your cowardice.
Please resign to save America
Why don't you take a stand against the megalomaniac in the WH?
They won't make it in if not psychologically healthy.
You dont meet medical or readiness standards to continue to "serve"! Rember that "you serve" the American people not the other way around.
Military members are NON-DEPLOYABLE when they are on hormone therapy. Explain how that meets readiness standards
But should they get healthcare? Able to serve or not
my tweet was in no way endorsing his dumb hypocrisy yesterday
That was more for the Senator
Please retire. It is unfair to put other members of military at risk. Transgender reassignment is not a walk in the park.
Add in costs of training as you will want to ensure military personnel understand 'transgender' issues. Another cost to tax payers.
Don't you think people will join the military for free transgender surgery? Lots of time off, psychological evaluation, hormone treatment..
What a stretch. Free transgender surgery is what would cause one to join the military? You must not have a high regard for our military.
Actions speak louder than words.
He didn't yesterday, why is today different? (Hint: It isn't)
System sure.  Not this man anymore.
Nope.
Honest not snarky question: what makes McCain a conservative? he's aligned with the left/Dems on everything except maybe taxes!
I suppose it's conservative to invade the known world at a moments notice.
Even on foreign policy, MSM/the left/and neocons like him are aligned through their religious allegiance to the Intel community & deep state
So, everything you opposed 2 years ago, you now support
I'm so glad you are back to fight for the right thing. Please don't overdo it we need you healthy and strong 
I'm hoping you follow through, sir.  I remember you as a true patriot and I hope you'll start remembering that too. Country over party 
I stand with you and McCain
Toady
Thankyou for speaking against this disgusting ban on trans community. He is embarrassing Americans by his insane behavior!Europe afraid
All talk, caves when it's time to act. He deserves NO thanks.
Quit pandering to the alt left Senator!
Where did you serve?
I didn't serve but I have family and close friends that do.
If a trans. soldier saved their life on a battlefield, your angry rhetoric might change. Or not.
I'm not angry!  All I said was for the Senator to stop pandering to the Alt-left!  I'm actually happy
Can you explain how it's pandering when a war hero states that people serving in the military should be protected regardless?
Simple.  He's pandering to the folks in his constituency that are transgender as opposed to doing what's moral
Can you just get off the fence and say you just hate gays? He's pandering to 0.001% of the US population?
So does that mean we can expect you to vote for the opposite ?
Some psychiatrists say that transgender is a psychological disorder. We should allow potentially unstable individuals access to weapons?
Thank you!  President Trump is out of control -- please do something to stop him!
You're a Liar!!!!
U should be forced on Obamacare and u should be forced to use VA dr's see what we have to put up with traitor
And yet, if the GOP told you to vote to ban anyone from serving, you would.
But given the opportunity to vote against a discriminatory bill, I'm guessing you'd vote for it.
Negative.  Total distraction and will disrupt a unit!
Thank you for voting against the repeal. Perhaps I misinterpreted your actions and speech yesterday.
Agree with your sentiments. Now tell @realDonaldTrump 
And stick to what you said. No flip flop like #BCRA.
Senator: I'm so don't have a dog in your fight, but have to say I do admire your courage. All the best  going forward. 
Tell me why tax payers have to pick up check for surgeries? That's why this happened today. #TermLimits
Yes we all look forward to you continuing to release statements and then doing nothing to protect anyone's rights but your own.
And they should have health care as a veteran
So you agree that everyone should be able to fight for the country but not everyone should get health insurance.
You have any idea how much money the meds cost for trans people, we can't even buy parts for our equipment.
U are all talk, in the end u always follow the GOP.  No longer a maverick more of a follower to the cult of GOP.
How about we put you on trumpcare and we see how you, your brain tumor, and you bank account do?
It's nice to say it...but what are you going to do about it? Based upon your history, I'm confident you'll do nothing. #AllTalkNoAction
Thank you Mr McCain, you truly are a hero, NOW tell Donnie to stop inciting violence in NY
Of course your votes are not your statements these days. #AllTalkNoAction
You Know Y he did this? To Change his story That he's In BIG TROUBLE But Narcissist Can't Help themselves At All It's All About Meeee! U C!
thank you for speaking out
But they (all Americans) don't deserve health care???
Action speaks louder than words you flippin' coward!
what do your words matter, GOP coward? You fold partisan on actual subjects of importance, like legislation.
You would divert billions of military $ to pay for surgery and hormone care? Incentivize those wanting free operations? Think again...
Then do something to stop him.  He's insane.
Do something to stop this maniac other than release statements!
what a male portraying himself as female ?! Do they enlust as male or female ?! Too much for military to deal with 
Right, but how are you going to vote? Your speeches and actions haven't always lined up
What would happen if every person working for the Government decides they have had enough of incompetent POTUS and they resign or walks out?
But you don't mind taking their health care and trashing it. You sir, have none of my respect any longer.
Bring bill to floor overriding the @POTUS. You know that Congress raises armies (Art I, Sec 8, Cls 12). Banning people isn't the CICs job.
Thank you John McCain!
Unless there's a vote on it apparently
Then do something about it. You disagree in public and then support that idiot's policies when the time comes. You hypocrite.
ALL OF US REAL REPUBLICANS, KNOW YOUR A RINO.
Trans folks who are willing to serve should be saluted!
What are you going to do about it?
John McCain you are NUTS.
read this:Justice Dept filed a brief today arguing LGBT people are not protected from discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
McCain is a FuC ING TRAITOR
And my whole heart goes out to you for your Brain Cancer diagnosis. Prayers and best of luck to you!
What about those Americans who might lose their medical coverage due to your vote yesterday?
John, there isn't a person alive who believes you would really vote this way.
Thank you!
This doesn't absolve you. Yr a traitor who voted to take away healthcare while you enjoy gov't.-paid healthcare. #hypocrite #liar #traitor
Nobody cares about your full statements anymore...
I hope you don't cave on this position as you did by voting for the ACA debate, I had hoped for better from you with current circumstances.
May I ask you, in light of your tragic illness, why you are not more committed to fixing ACA & ensuring that all Americans have health care?
When will you really take a stand against this autocratic nut case in the White House.  So far you're all talk.
Do the right thing Senator...
Your credibility is gone.
When are you going to introduce articles of impeachment Trump is totally unhinged and he's trying obstructed justice
I shldnt be forced to pay for trans operations any more than I shld be required to pay for abortions, period.
He said, those who meet the (standard ),  whos,  what (standard)  is that ?  The current one ?? Or newly drafted one ?? He knows !!
2X cancer survivor - 1st dx at 36. Treatments caused congestive heart failure.   My ACA insurance premiums are expensive, but.....  /1
... I have insurance that will keep me alive. If  there is a clause regarding pre-existing conditions (higher rates, limited plans, etc) /2
... then where does that leave me & people like me? I'm one of the handful that do not receive PTC's, and I'm OK with that  because it's../3
... part of a greater good. More ppl have ins than ever before.  Please Senator,  don't  take away our insurance, or our right to live. /end
@Andy How do you feel about McCain's vote on healthcare yesterday? Genuinely curious
Thank you for standing up for ALL Americans serving our country in the armed forces. They put their lives on the line for us every day.
We should not turn away or discharge capable service members who want to fight for our country. We should welcome and thank them.
Sir, you are a war hero. I would never deny that. You are no hero for the people of the US now. After these last 2 days, you should be quiet
Evidence that bigotry is definitely a Trump supporter characteristic.
Sen.McCain, I am asking you: be a role model for a sensible compassionate GOP, uniting country & working with Dems for sustainable solutions
Then pick up the phone, Senator McCain and tell Trump how you feel.  He needs to know that Republicans are angry with him.
What are you going to do about it big mouth?
President!!! Damn fingers
Agree transgender people already protect our country.  You need to stop talking and start fighting for all Americans
You are ok with sending people to war, but not giving them health care?!  #hypocrite
Thank you!! When a coward issues a vile statement such as Trump did, we all need to about "NO".
Totally agree.
Term limits
We will not pay for some social experiment period....................
It'll be hard for most Americans to meet current medical standards if you keep voting for crappy healthcare bills.
Any American who meets current medical & readiness standards should be allowed to continue serving - my full stmt: https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=80124D36-EF8B-4CBD-A75A-9C6C697CA235 …
Fully transitioned before enlisting. That's pretty simple. Don't you get it? Tax $ shouldn't pay for their surgeries. That's it.
really, every chance you get you take shots at OUR President THAT WE ELECTED. We will leave your party
Begging you not to vote for ACA repeal
respectfully disagree sir. think Fitzgerald. carrying shipmates from the flooded compartment. Physics. up a vertical ladder.
Tou should be President. Too bad for us.
Flip flop
Why the fuck would anyone believe you now?
i find it interesting how he says 'continue serving' instead of like
 'being allowed to serve whatever' 
Also this:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_orientation_and_military_service …
Do you meet "medical readiness" standards yourself? No one with your ailment can be fit to hold public office. Step down.
Sorry dude. Your words stopped  having meaning when you decided to screw us by taking away health care. You of all people should understand
Someone has to stop this hate coming from the WH
Have a full assessment at the Phoenix VA, then post.
Continue serving? What about people who are not yet serving?
the military is not a social experiment, its NOT a civil right to serve. taxpayers shouldn't foot the bill for gender reassignment.
You lied to us yesterday, f#ck off Traitor
Do something about it.
McCain:  Don't listen to the noise, hurry up & screw MILLIONS off Health Care.

Don't need to worry cause the #USA sheep are paying for ours
And yet, when push comes to shove, you back Trump on EVERYTHING. Please peddle your faux outrage somewhere else or stand up for America.
You are obviously in no condition to cast logical votes in support of the American people. Time to head home.
Right, you just don't want them to have healthcare...
Dudes on female hormones because they think they are women don't meet medical standards. Certainly not the 40% reportedly suicidal!
But I won't do anything but blow hot air about it as per my established track record.
This is a perfect example of why many of us hope your illness takes you out of office very soon.  You continue to prove how out of touch U R
He is YOUR GUY!YOU OWN HIM!He just debased&insulted our military men&women HOW MUCH LONGER WILL @GOP LICK HIS BOOTS?
And you will be more than willing to send them off to war with your pen. Warmonger.
Blah blah blah go to bed
In about three hours you'll follow Dear Leader, just like yesterday. You're a hypocrite and a coward.
Bs. People enlisting so our tax dollars will pay for wacky operation. I call bs
But you won't stand up for them and stop their rights being trampled. Brave and brilliant people are serving now, we need them.

That way the can get FREE HEALTHCARE!  Healthcare shouldn't be taken away from ANY AMERICAN!!!
Why should services pay for elective surgery?
I'm sure you're ready to support a vote to debate kicking them out
"Another example of why major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter." Nevertheless @Scaramucci likes @@realDonaldTrump TWEETS
What about this healthcare situation? Put yourself in the shoes of a person going through what u are, but about 2 get their healthcare cut!

