Please vote NO on #TrumpCare. Arizona is depending on you. Fix the ACA.
Don't hold your breath waiting for McCain to do right thing. He's not really mavericky these days!
I'm hoping he will do the right thing. We need a hero. 

#voteNOontrumpcare
I'm still hoping!
I'm all for hope but I think we should stop waiting for John McCain and Lindsey Graham to save us from Trump!
Absolutely! I'm working on getting Flake out of office in 2018!!
Do it! I was disappointed that some of my friends voted for Toomey and kept in office.
Wish you the best!!

I'm still hoping R's and D's will come together for our country...and keep calling representatives!
Remember who you represent. Remember who voted for you to speak for us. This bill will hurt many Arizonians. Do your job! Vote NO!
McCain will vote AHCA-owe for milt svs-but facts are he's right wing extremist, sexist, hypocrite-from Keating 5 to voted all T's cabinet
And this bill doesn't. Vote NO.
Vote NO!
I'm a 60-year-old constituent. Last year I retired early on the assumption ACA would continue so I could afford healthcare. Please vote no.
You don't even know what's in it and you want to vote no. Obama care you wanted a yes vote and no one read it. You do see the hypocrite
Baloney. Everyone read it over the 18 months & lots of debate. This bill is a couple weeks old & no debate
You have been mis informed.
Don't do it. Don't forsake the next generation of middle class
If the GOP passes this bill, there will be no more middle class, just the wealthy and the poor with no healthcare #VoteNo on #Trumpcare
It wont, and yet you're planning to vote yes. I hear Arizona will suffer greatly.
You're a bullshitter just like Trump and his band of lying thieves.
where do you stand on this Senator McCain?
Grow a pair & vote against the Senate's #trumpcare bill. It is nothing but #wealthcare 4 the rich & #deathpanel 4 the middle class & poor
Vote NO @SenJohnMcCain - show some of that maverick backbone you were once known for. You already know this bill doesn't meet that criteria.
@SenJohnMcCain you're a war hero. Don't let a draft dodging @POTUS ruin your good name with this bill. +2M Arizonans w/Medicaid b/c of you!
Nothing is perfect in life Senator & you know that well,but you have an obligation to stand with GOP & get this hlth care passed-just do it!
Looks like a bot account for sure
Here is how the Senate healthcare plan will affect Pennsylvanians:
For once in your career actually be a "maverick" instead of saying one thing & voting opposite-say: AHCA is an atrocity & not to vote for it
if you really reviewed trumpcare bill you would vote against it . #VOTENOACHA
The CBO says it does none of that. How awful that  your final legacy will be death and bankruptcy to the neediest. Sad way to go out, sir.
Well this bill doesn't have either. Surprised you haven't publicly opposed this.
McCain is a RINO. You are nothing but a rich professional politician LEAKER
Vote NO. Take a stand to protect the neediest citizens of AZ and USA.  Do what is best for country and put country over party.
All of you senators should have to have the same health care plans that us citizens have to take instead of your creme de La Creme healthcar
This!

This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
If you don't like it don't vote for it. Going along for the ride is a poor excuse for "that's not how it works" VOTE NO to a barbaric law.
Sir: I appreciate your non-partisanship on all matters this great country faces! I appreciate your comment on ACHA. As is, please vote No!
I am not your constituent but you serve constituents like me. Plz read the impact of a yes vote:
Please vote No on this VERY RUSHED bill which will strip away coverage for so many  of us Arizona residents. Pls start over & get it right!


https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …  Death to 1/3 of medicaid recipients in 2020. The GOP may win... but at the price of KILLING disabled, seniors, kids
Um, no McCain, access isn't healthcare.  Try ensuring Arizonans & all Americans have HEALTH CARE PERIOD!
465,200 Arizonans will lose health coverage under TrumpCare. ALL THE POPULATIONS of Yuma, LaPaz, Santa Cruz & Yavapai Counties! Vote NO 4 AZ







Vote no.
Vote NO to tax cut bill called healthcare. Most poorly written bill in history-punishes the most vulnerable so that wealthy become wealthier
How are you voting on this?? Why aren't you saying?
In 2008, you said that every American deserved to have the same health care as you have.   Why don't you advocate for that now?
You saw what happened to Arizonans in 2011. Vote in the interest of your constituents. #VoteNoAHCA
#BCRA cuts #AHCCCS harshly. AZ tried that- disaster! #Arizonans want you to #ProtectOurCare & put #PatientsFirst, not politics! #KillTheBill
Are you voting for this bill? You've been awfully quiet.
Thank you for thinking critically. Cutting Medicare and Medicaid will cause so much harm, and raise medical costs for everyone.
REPRISE the Maverick, you have NOTHING to lose here.  You know this is an awful piece of legislation.  You don't owe anyone, for anything.
This bill will harm Arizonans! Please vote no!
Please check with @alfranken. He has read it and says it will kill people.
Please vote no on Trumpcare!!
Please stand up against this bill. Taking away the Nation's health care to give $$$ to those that don't need it is inhumane.
You know -
This bill is wrong.

Arizonans don't want it.

We keep telling that, EVERY DAY. 

We will hold you and @JeffFlake  accountable.
Why don't you get on board with our President instead of fighting him? I can't believe I voted for you, thank god you did not become presi!
Please vote NO. It will severely limit, if not end, my ability to fight my Breast Cancer. I will die. signed, a voting constituent
My aging parents reside in Arizona.  They need healthcare.  Please vote no on Trumpcare.
The taxpayers are broke! Vote NO, no trump or obamacare! Free the market only! #UnitedForFreedom!
Vote NO on this WealthCare bill @SenJohnMcCain. This is not what you stand for.
Senator McCain , This bill is UN-AMERICAN  How could anyone with a conscience vote yes
#PLEASE THINK #ABOUT COUNTRY #FIRST  
Don't let them force this through without making sure that THE PEOPLE are the priority!

This is about LIVES, not tax breaks & corporations.
AZ seniors will not be helped by this plan.  If you decide to vote yes, I want a complete explanation of why and how this helps AZ.
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf … This is an immediate tax cut for the wealthy. In 2020 it is a death sentence for 1/3 medicaid recipients. #immoral
How can you be ok with it?? You're all talk. How disappointing.
If you truly mean this, please vote no. My entire family would be negatively impacted by the passing of this bill - 4 generations all in AZ.
John, John, John, John, John. Please tell me you won't vote for this thing. You don't have to worry about re-election. Vote your conscience.
vote against. It's just a tax break for the rich.
- I have many friends who retired to AZ. Don't do this to them. VOTE NO please.
Trust you my esteemed friend.
Access and having is 2 entirely different things.
As an L&D RN this bill would devastate my patients. 49% of births & prenatals are covered by Medicaid. Consider the unborn who have no voice
just Arizonans? Not everybody???
Consider this my request for a "no" vote. Pass it along to @JeffFlake that I'll remember how you voted when you want mine.
So, we'll put you down as a "no" then? (cc: @govtrack)
Now is the time to put country before party!  Access is not coverage.
I'll bet you 1 year salary that you vote for it regardless of what in it cause you're trump's doormat
God, you're spineless.  This is going to kill thousands of your constituents, and you're still going to vote for it.
Sir, I beg you to please vote NO. 
This bill is harmful and inhumane. History is watching you.
I really hope you vote no on this.  If this passes it will have an adverse impact on millions.  Please do the right thing.
If you want to do what's best for your state and America, you'd be a NO vote. Will it be Party or Country?
Senator, this bill caps or cuts funding for children with disabilities while giving money to the rich.  Surely this isn't what we are about
You're just a puppet for Trump. I use to think you cared..I was wrong.
then it should be a no-brainer.. A big NO vote from you. #justsayno #HealthcareBillkills #saveyourcareer
Just Arizonans? Remember when you were a national leader? A maverick? Now we all know what you'll do. Party over country. Partisan hack.
Translation: your waiting to see how it's received by the public so you can be on the right side. What's your affiliation with George Soros?
Vote "nay" on the bill as it is. If you and others can make it better/cheaper...then do so...for the sake of all your constituents.
The party that touts being "pro-life" must admit their willingness to let LIFE perish in order to line pockets of the wealthiest among us.
@SenJohnMcCain Please Retire we need youth with common sense conservative views
You've had time. If you plan to vote yes, then read and refute @SenBobCasey's thread, point by point, to explain - that's your job isn't it?
Do the right thing and vote NO!  Fix the ACA!  There are more important things both houses need to take care of
What does Putin have on.@SenateGOP ? Who owns you? Where is loyalty to Americans?
But McCain will plant his lips firmly on trumps ass. Sad
Universal Declaration of Human Rights: Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself
and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services
and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood,
Just remember all the people you're going to screw out of health care John. You can't take billions out of healthcare without hurting people
McCain will put on a show of going his own way, right before falling in line with the GOP and voting for it. The "Maverick" crap is a myth.
You will step in line with @GOP and Trump like you always do. Your wife's appointment ensures it. You sold your integrity.
This is not an acceptable replacement for the ACA. Make it better Senator, not worse.
It is a disaster for anyone who actually needs care. We are not widgets to be bought and sold for authoritarian oligarchy
Please vote no. Because it hurts Americans and because the closed door process hurts democracy
You are a "maverick" no more sir. You list the right to that title now that you're in bed with that snake McConnell. You should be ashamed
If you care at all for Seniors and people with disabilities you will vote  NO on this millionaire tax cut desevingly called #HealthcareBill
This is the worst healthcare bill ever! Vote no,take CARE of your state,your people!Vote no.Worst president ever.Sad!
Look up the meaning of the word 'attrition'.
Probably just waiting to see what side to come down on.
We know what this is really about.  A tax-break for the richest 1-2%.
We will remember.  The Dems aren't the only party in trouble.
And it doesn't in any way so vote against it.
I don't believe a word u say anymore.  You'll vote yes because of your corrupt politics.
Please understand that passing of this bill will stop my daughter from receiving critically needed medical rx. It is an unfair bill.
#VoteNoAHCA
the Republicans allowed our country to fall prey to money and power. You can start to stop it.
if you vote for this bill, you are standing against American Values
We Americans are dems, republican, independent, all religions take a stand for all of us
stand up for America. Don't put Trump and Party before America. Stand up for All of us.
fix ACA.
Be a grownup and do not support
That billis going to hurt most americans.
Time to put on your big boy panties, and be a champion for all of America. Will you stand up for us??????
The Health Care Bill is a joke....Fix ACA......
we will all know that Your power and party are priority. Vote for the American People, prove you are a patriotic.
How many Americans really want your Health Care bill? Besides, rich people who it doesn't affect? If you vote for this bill
Trump, the Republicans, Democrats,were elected to serve in the best interest of All Americans. Not just the entitled.
you allowed Trump to take off regs for clean water, air and land.
Everything to benefit him and his 'base'.
If you Truly want to make America Great Again, Stand up to those that are Destroying America.
The Constitution promotes seperation of church and state. What Religion is Conservative?
We were a leader. Now, we are a Government that is all for the rich and entitled, not most of us.
disguising as conservatives. We are the only develop nation, to deny acess to med care,
you were a POW. You were a patriotic American. Prove you still are. Government is for all Americans, not just the rich
What about Congress's health plan, paid for by taxes, the same rules apply, no waivers.....
How about working to fix ACA? Or is it horrible that more americans can get health care?
Are you for the American People? Or are you 4 party and power?
We need you to be the adult, and defend the American people. Everything your party is doing is hurting America.
Please, for America, don't do this to your fellow citizens.
So are you going to do anything other than vote for this garbage?
Too bad your party doesn't agree. They represent insurance lobbies, not people. Medicare for All is only solution. It could even save GOP.
You are my 99th favorite senator.
Americans are nothing but milk cows to #BigI & #BigPharma the welfare of the people means NOTHING to republicans. #Resist the #GOP
We KNOW you're pissed off that they assume you'll sign something you haven't had time to read & all the 'Conversations" #CountryOverParty
you know THAT is a mean, awful bill that will kill good folks. #NoAHCA #NOCutsToMedicaid
PLEASE VOTE NO !! You have shown your true strength, heart, and compassion. We're depending on you to look after most vulnerable. Thank u.
Shouldn't it also need to an improvement on the ACA? Seriously, this lock step partisan bloc law making is bad government
This process stinks of corruption. Regulatory Capture is government failure.
This bill does not improve on Obamacare for anyone besides the wealthy and the drug companis. Do not pass it.
"Access" is a myth to help mask the true intent of this bill - tax cuts for the wealthy.
This bill does not give that access. Please vote no
McCain will do what he has always done. He will voice his outrage against the bill, then vote in favor of it! Traitor to working class Amer.
TRUMPCARE kills Americans.
I'm a lib constituent who has praised you and respected you. If you vote yes on this bill, I, like many others, will turn my back on you!
That means covering older Arizonans & those with common pre-existing conditions like skin cancer. This bill will kill or bankrupt us.
My dad is 84 yr old constituent of yours w/ cancer. If you vote for this, he will be unable to afford treatment. He will die. Do you care?
You know this bill doesn't provide that. But you will vote for it, anyway. My father lives in AZ w/ a heart condition. Should I say goodbye?
Do not vote for this bill. AZ women need access to Planned Parenthood for screenings to detect breast cancer, cervical cancer. @PPact
- U wanted 2 B Prez - be THAT man NOW - fix ACA for all - don't blindly OK Trumpcare just 4 GOP unity - USA will thank you!
Well this bill does just other opposite so you better be voting NO....  If not we should start looking for a new senator
PLEASE vote no! I know you have a conscience. Listen to it!
@SenateMajLdr @senategop Your hatred of democrats is putting citizens at risk#livesmatter Be people of dignity #VoteNoAHCA Don't be bullied
@senategop Nothing good about this bill & won't b by next week. Time 2 put citizens 1st in this country or u should all #resign #VoteNoAHCA
THIS BILL IS HEARTLESS & MEDICAID WILL BE TERRIBLY CUT!!! WE WILL NOT BE BULLIED INTO ACCEPTING THIS WHICH HELPS THE WEALTHIEST BUT NOT POOR
Once again the real issue, HC cost, appears to be left out of the solution.  Political gain from both sides seems to be the only concern.
And?
This bill is the most un-American thing I can imagine. Take from the poor and give to the rich. No no no on this travesty
Let's hope so. John, this bill is a disaster. Please do the right thing and vote and speak against it.
I hope you are sincerely looking at everything. We are counting on you to do the right thing and vote down Trumpcare.
Unless everybody in Arizona is wealthy with a trust, it doesn't represent them.  Stand up to your party for the majority of Americans
So you will be voting against this bill, correct? I pray that you do vote no - #courage #AZ #AZ05 @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @RepAndyBiggsAZ
This bill does not.  And you know it.
You must vote against this bill, Sir. You MUST. Anything short of a firm NO is a slap in the face to Arizonans, and Americans. VOTE NO!!!
Fix what needs fixing in our current healthcare system!!! Corporate tax is not healthcare
TrumpCare is a corporate tax!  Tax cut for wealthy!  Planned Parenthood? How can you cut women's healthcare!!!!
I have access to a lot of things I can't afford.
You vote for this- then you will be responsible for all the people it hurts.
really  is tax bill for the wealthiest of the wealthy. when i was making a large amount i wz lucky so wz happy to pay for those who cld not
@JeffFlake Wonder if THIS is just another Russian  distraction...
