Get real. Get on the real problem not the new popular subject, diabeties  go to war on that, or alcohol 88000 deaths last year from that
How about your "smaller government" stay the hell out of my life! P.S. I am an Arizona voter!
so McCain wants copay $20 x 52 weeks $1040 and Dr bills $100 $5200
Add another$1000 for rx ???
Addicts will find drugs Ppl in real pain esp elderly won't & donknow how Just suffer but u old fools in WH won't will but U'll control usALL
TRUMP'S TAXES NOW. SINGLE PAYER HEALTH CARE.
You can't legislate addiction. We must promote 12 step programs and find out why our society produces addicts. It's not a criminal issue.
There is something seriously wrong with America because we are producing so many addicts. The drug war has failed.  Think outside the box.
I think criminal supporters like you should be in the front lines !!!
Test the drugs when they leave the pharmacies, their u will find what u are looking for, test the medicine when it leaves pharmacy,surprise
Do not fund any more treatment facilities, they do not work 1 in twenty, are rehabilitated, no more court ordered treatment, 30000 a patient
Barking up the wrong tree!  If u want to curb usage, do not make a pill worth 7dollars, check pharmacy staff and all nurses at pain clinics
That bill will increase heroine addiction ten fold, and I fear the suicide rate will also increase, politics has no place in medicine/mistak
Their are many other problems surrounding opioids, people in pain will no longer suffer or be made to feel like they are criminals for pain
We test pain clinic patients, we need to test all patients for  anything, if they have pot in their system they loose their medicineeveryone
Are out of you mind?! You will quadruple the cost of my medicine! Not to mention quadrupling the amount of time I have to miss work.
Traitor!

yes!
just declare yourself as a liberal and move on.  Disgrace to your party!
Smiling snake.
We must drug test politicians police nurses doctors pharmacy personnel if the level of their medicine isn't down to the nanogram loose meds
Spend this money and effort on nicotine alcohol and diabeties things that are 400 percent more if a problem and things I can fix,
John if this fool stays in any longer we are going to need the opiates. Get him out while we still have a country left John!!!!
Please make sure us legitimate opioid pain medication users still have access to the medicine we depend on.  Not everyone abuses it!
This is what we should be at war with!
So what about trigeminal neuralgia- the worst pain from this condition. Nothing else relieves it.
Diabeties, a true epidemic, alcoholism the most dangerous and the mist dangerous drug of all 88000 deaths last year, 20000 from opioids
drug test politicians, police, teachers and nurses any one who should be a 100 drug free, all medicine/at the appropriate level, or no more
We need coverage for safe/effective/non-addictive Rx #medicalfoods as an alternative to #opioids.
Trump's taxes now. SINGLE PAYER HEALTH CARE.
Call for trump to release his taxes
Now join in on bipartisan Medicare for all. The way it was meant to be. America should be 1st in healthcare of Major countries, not last.
was this after GOP wanted to cut funding 4 drug addiction w trumpcare 4 all? Glad trump voters r getting help
Why are Opiods abuse an epidemic while crack (cocaine) abuse a crime?  Does it have something to do with the race of the user?  @GOP #bigots
#IndependentInvestigation
Please careful with time limits. 7 days post-op from total knee replacement pts still have a lot of pain.
If Veterans can't get pain relief for their injuries, they will turn to street drugs. DON'T TAKE AWAY ALL PAIN MEDS!
Bipartisan effort to stop Presidents Trump and Pence from dismantling our country might help prevent the erosion of service to at risk ppl.
Just remember that alot of us need that medication to function. I have diabetes, severe neuropathy in feet and hands, COLD, and painful
Monthly humiliation of urinating in a cup for a script? Not easy when mobility is issue hugs 2 @NormaRushing1 I'm in the same boat
We want a #townhall so we can explain clearly how we think you are doing a not so great job ....
You mean republicans actually did something to HELP American people? Amazing!!!!!! Was it painful?
August Senators did this because of the big Pharma groups you all created this opiate  epidemic
Yet you vote against the things that everyone needs like clean water and air.
this has nothing to do with the government and everything to do with the States you need to butt out
This has been going on since the 1980s Thanks MCCAIN for fineally getting off your ass.
that's awesome John. Now can we impeach the traitor in the White House before he gets us all killed?
@JonTReid Hello Senate? America here. Pls remove POTUS from White House before he starts WWIII. Thanks. US.
We gave up on the war on drugs but somehow going after one of the oldest drugs in history will be different.
Opioids are the most pressing national health problems! We need bipartisan legislation to combat the epidemic! Come on Congress!
No. We need idiots to stop killing them selves to get high. Let them learn to drink their problems away like the rest of us
Lol....
Of all our issues today, this is the one I feel less attached to. Resources to help are fine,but can we not fix HC &tax reform too?
Good Friday, Sen. John McCain and Family
Use your voice!

Demand an Independent Prosecutor
#TrumpRussia

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#StayFocused
This is not normal!
https://geopolitics.co/2015/11/05/investigate-sen-mccain-for-narcotics-trafficking-war-crimes-mohmand/amp/ …
He dropped the largest bomb we have and won't admit it.  Isn't that impeachable incompetence?
Hi Jihadi #AbuMccain
We haven't seen any consideration  for people over corporations yet by anything in republicans congress.
Did you see @jeffflake's town hall last night? Looks like Arizona will get a new senator in 2018.
Will you also take steps against POTUS and his corruption and poor use of the military? Actions speak louder than words
