I mean, I genuinely admire you Senator, and defend you here often, but you can't possibly endorse that quote. GOP denied Obama action there.
If your "yellow line" comment is meant to imply Senator McCain is a coward in any way, respectfully, you should walk it back.
I mean, we just disagree.
I'm confident that's not true. McCain's never voted to kill funding for anything? Come on! He's GOP in the end. Now you're being hyperbolic.
Did he vote for the stimulus in 2009?
The US under ur leadership is the aggressor.And all for money nothing else. Ur beloved soldiers died for corporate interests and ur to blame
Mcain drinking no the trump kook aid after he used all those missiles and the Syrian air base is up and running
Its the GOP mess. GOP so obsessed with blocked Obama it refused to stop genocide. MSM cooperated by hiding Assads crimes.
all are guilty
I'm conveinced that Obama was blackmailed by Iran in supporting Assad
Iran contributed to his senate/presidential campagnes
There was definotely weird stuff going on. Who knows what they were telling the President.
You go from hating Trump to praising him overnight
Obama's mess? That's George Bush's mess.Bush unleashed Arab unrest.Congress(you), didn't give Obama authority 2 act in Syria.
@realDonaldTrump The mess is ur Trump. Be a man and take some responsibility for ur actions. Same bullshit!
Just the fact that McCandyCain reads the commie rage WAPO, shows why he loses elections for Pres. He's too short, too sweaty, and a traitor.
If you were to say drop dead before Monday, that would be a big help cleaning up the mess you made here and in Vietnam. Such a carny barker!
I am completely loosing respect for you Sen. I've always found u to be honest. Can we now assume u sold out!
Grow up stop acting like Trump with the fake finger pointing this is all on the GOP you stopped Obama and you own this mess
Thank you hopefully they can stop whining and finger pointing and own up to their selfish nasty ways
McCain, you appear to be a man of high integrity. You know how this went down. Let's not mislead people! #GOPblocked #CountryOverParty
Missiles aren't the answer to everything, in fact did nothing.
Uh, short term memory? Uh,Yes. whimp To trump? Uh yes.gonna get us killed: WWlll
Fake news. Obama wanted to take action.  Congress stood in the way and refused.
U and ur idoit generation hve destabilized the middle east w no reason except for big oil. U hve expanded #Nato, armed terrorists
And u just cant get enough. Financed by the weapons industry, payed off by corporate America, u hve sold ur country out long ago. Just leave
You have to already be 100% GOP stamped and owned to buy this hook, line, and sinker. McCain you're smarter than this. I know you are.
OMG Now the traitor mCcain is quoting the washington post. further proof he is senile and needs to go.
Obama did not make the mess in Syria! They have been fighting for decades!!!! What 45 did will do nothing! It was a diversion
Where were you when President Obama went to Congress asking for approval to strike Syria, since you cried about him not including Congress?
It is now Tr$$$ mess and has been Repub mess for quite a while. You've been and are in charge, own it. Stop the lame bl as ming.
When Obama wanted to use force after Assad crossed red line, GOP Congress voted NO.  Now GOP Congress wants to blame Obama for non action?
How about Congress's mess  you would not commit to war. Why not
Love Trumps courage in doing this but who will take the place of this horrible leader is my bigger concern. ISIS?
It doesn't  take courage to bomb a country thousands of miles away after getting their permission.
It does because it's bigger then the bombing against these monsters. It sends a message to Russia and the rest of the world. We r back!
Nope. He asked permission from Russia who gave Syria advance notice. What "signal" when they agreed to it? He's a con doing what cons do.
These zombies followers are ruined by this great country. They came see that trump is a con man
All of a sudden all Trump/Russia controversy not important anymore & many cheering for a new war. Play like a dumb into Putins hand..
There was no mess like that which you left in Iraq
Way to go low McCain. Do you read your replies?
And his HOW is this Obamas mess?
Some one will be saying the same thing about you in four years
Stop with the Obama stuff you have enough of your on stuff to clean up now.
You owed everyone here an explanation for posting this. Sir!
fully agree if Obama wanted to stop this he would not if given money to the Syrian rebels instead let 1,400 Syrian die in the last attack
PNAC as usual...
But how about  #ShadowBrokers and @LindseyGrahamSC  ?
Your mess no w Johnny boy. Do something. And pass term limits. You blame Obama for r problems and u have been in the Senate for a life time
Why continue to bash Obama?
XBologna. Congress denied Pres. Obama'S request to engage Syria.  GOP shut down his request.
We shouldn't call it Obama's mess.  It's quite a stretch to blame him for a civil war in another country.  Human stupidity is to blame.
All You Trump Voters do know Obama asked for permission to intervene in the Assad regime in 2013 and the GOP voted no. Right?
#SyriaStrikes
All these lies will be remembered next election 
John.  More disappointed with you every day. SAD as the nut would say.
Why is McCain so eager for military confrontation.He seems it is the only thing he always wants. Is there anything else he cares about?
Baffling stand but partisan as hell
Why Obamas mess when Congress wouldn't support his request for action? Hold yourselves accountable too
YES IT WILL TAKE DUMP THE TRUMP TO FIX THIS
You & Republican Party have a short memory...Obama's 2013 request ring a bell? Right...ALTERNATIVE FACTS! SAD
Obama's Syria request = Republican NO, Trump without authorization = Republican SUPPORT!!! VERY DISTURBING!!!
So we should just be perpetually at war on the ground then? Obama was trying to avoid that.
You are everything that I have taught my children to not be
..in 2013 and you voted no. As far as you are concerned party over everything..
..Senator McCain you need to shut the hell up. Obama came to Congress to authorize use of military force
"If it ain't (a mess,) it'll do 'till the real one gets here."
How's that Russian investigation going Senator McJello?
You shame us again with this shit John. Men and women will die because U didn't support Pres Obama when HE wanted to attack. U R A COWARD!
I'm guessing the brain storming happens at the 9th hole at Mar A Lago?! 
This is very disappointing after your CNN & a bipartisan. President Obama did what he could & GOP were part of the problem. Look forward
Still blaming Obama over Putin? Whose side are you on? Where's your patriotism, Sir?
#US is great today primarily bcos of @BarackObama.
#Syria was a low point, but let's not overlook the role of congress.
What Trump did, didn't cause any real damage. Putin was warned & then Assad would know. Everything was out of harms way. Runway not damaged.
When Obama went to Congress seeking approval for military action, GOP said NO. Trump didn't go to Congress 1st, he just sent the Tomahawks.
Is bombing the shit out of Syria the answer? Trump campaign platform was to NOT interfere in the Middle East #MAGA 1st. What about Russia?
We r not listening John
If Obama did that Sen McCain we would be having a diff conversation now. How he's a war criminal! What is status of Russian investigation?
jeezuz.....from the guy/people that brought us the mess in Iraq.
No more fingerpointing, we will not accept that excuse it's a problem, we can look at it after USA is great again, health insurance stable
January 20, 2017; 2 months ago Obama said (OUT) From that date forward it's ALL ON the GOP. This is YOUR history! & you'll all go down w/It
Seriously? Another "Obama blame".  What are YOU doing, John, about the chaotic disaster of this president AND administration...what a mess
Senator how does your constant blaming help any situation? Or anyone? Pls respond to world
More blaming and divisiveness.  Of course.
Let's review something, John. Bush started the war that led to ISIS and the Syrian civil war. Blaming Obama is plain stupid.
It will take more than a missile strike to get rid of a Russian elected US President should be your chant sir! #Trumprussia
I am always saddened by partisan responses. Terrorists are responsible for these crimes against humanity and no one else.End the squabbling
As member of obstructionist Congress that voted against Obama's proposed air strikes, YOU own this mess.
Is this the mess you Republicans voted against???
You cant be trusted.
ROTTEN MOTHER FUC☆ER... PUKE....  AFTERBIRTH
really...as I remember Obama went to congress and they wouldn't even vote on his request...they did nothing!
I thought McCain was the one Republican that put principles over party!
His Senate rules flip shows he's all talk, no walk on principals!
You just lost my support and respect.  The lack of support from the Republican Party must share in the responsibility.
Here we go again..blame obama!  Time to take ownership of now!  Shame on you!  Once respected you but Gorsuch and #russiagate....not so much
What happened to you John? I use to have so much respect for you...
Snowflakes are arguing Congress should have given permission to Obama to bomb, but criticize Trump for bombing? Consistency folks.
Obama tried to do it legally but Congress said No. Numbskull did it without approval he's a hero.To me the strike was a farce, a distraction
I'm confused.  Didn't Obama seek Congress approval to strike and got turned down?  Wasn't Trump loudly against it too?
Due to the fact that only Congress can declare war Senator, its your frickin mess. How about take the blame when you can't take the credit
Delusional snowflakes, Obama didn't ask for permission in Libya, and didn't need permission in Syria. It was all about CYA.
Ummmm, Obama came to y'all and asked for a military response to the 2013 chemical attack. Repubs refused. #shorttermmemoryloss
Republican mess I think you mean.
Such BS and alternative facts. Stop blaming Obama and Hillary for failing of Trump and GOP leadership. Sen McCain has lost His integrity.
Obama put it to the house and senate if they wanted to go to war sir.  He is not at 100% fault.
So explain how when Obama asked per protocol you denied but this treasonous monster gets your support? Hypocrite much?
Especially when you warn the target in advance.
wait a minute u voted against Obama to attack syria, shows u cannot trust republicans
Ur mind is blown
Obama respected the Constitution and GOP denied action. Trump wipes his ass with the Constitution and the GOP applauds. Hypocrites.
did u have a change of mind like 45th ch of heart
His heart is still the size of a flea
What?  You mean we can't just help with more explosions?  I'm sure Guy-We-Don't-Trust will do the right thing...
You are eroding what little respect people have left for you.
what.. you all voted and said no to Obama. Your integrity seems to be MIA lately, trickling down from @potus
Obama's mess? Own it GOP! You refused to act on Syria. Obama sought Congress approval to act militarily and you denied. GOP OWNS IT!
Please leave Obama out of it. Leave him in peace.
Did I miss something? Is Obama still in office? When do you stop blaming him. Congress fought him on everything. If the dems do its wrong!
The congress must keep him in check and limit his actions, while he is being investigated.
Repubs. like to rewrite history. Democracy was nice...I miss it.
It'll take more than a missile strike to divert our attention from Trump's collusion with Russia.
I agree but that was an expensive diversion design to make himself look strong no thought no follow up bad move
I love people that will not have to fight a war whole hearted supporting action that could start one. Let's go get em, I won't have to fight
With all due respect, you own this mess as much as Obama. Congress has sole authority to declare war.  Congress writes budgets.
Sometimes I feel hopeful that you are a good guy. Then I'm brought back to sad reality.
With a military background, how can you support military strikes without strategies behind them, done on impulse when lives are at risk?
..Senator McCain does not care about people as long as the Republican party looks good and Obama could not achieve goals..
Why then didn't Congress approve his request in Aug. 2013 in Syria then?
Is the GOP so terrified of accountability and void of a strategic vision that playing the Obama card is all they can muster? Time 2 grow up.
It wasn't Obama's mess.  It was George W. Bush's for weakening our position in the world with Iraq.  Iraq was a mistake and it was a lie.
You know John, as I will no longer being addressing you as Senator. Have a #townhall so we can really tell you how we feel. #mccain lies
You really are pathetic. I wish we could fire you in #Arizona How dare you blame Obama you senile man.
Quit blaming past Admins you will be a past Admin in the future Try to fix it @DFWIndivisible Hope congress supports U @indivisibletxjc
More war.  It must warm the cockles of your war loving heart.
Obama? Bush, Chaney, Rumsfield and use the reserves its cheaper & knock it out in 6 mo. Ring bells. & Haliburteon sol source 4 everything.
Let me remind the American people that chemical attack did not happen under Obama but under a week republican president with no experience
Seriously McCain, your party denied Obama to move forward with any action!!! You are responsible for this disaster!
stop blaming!  It's not productive. (You wouldn't help when he asked, though, )
Sorry McCain, you lost credibility when you voted yes on the nuclear option.
I can't with u republicans
Disappointed in you McCain.  Didn't think you had to go down the "blame Obama" road to boost Trump. Thought you were better then that
Russia, according to MSM is penniless, scrounging thru dumpsters looking for scraps. But in fact they spend tons of $$ on foreign meddling.
Its funny how just a few years ago trump tweeted a certain someone not do anything about Syria. Here here we are blaming Obama 4 what again
You should have helped OBAMA clean it up when he was in office!!
I guess in the current GOP, blaming Obama is a lot easier than Russia.  They were supposed to aid in removing ALL chemical weapons. #fail
This agreement curbed S.J.Res 21, which was questionable to pass the house anyway and basically stripped down to one missile attack
It took a Syria strike for you tonlove riding trumps dick. What gives? You got stock in weapons companies?
Everyone needs to stop the blame game shit and just take care of the fucking mess already!!
Maybe it wouldn't be a mess if you had let 44 do what needed done 4 years ago.
Obama's mess? You must be kidding me
I guess Obama showed real character. Since Trump won't put his big boy pants on and be president but just wants to bitch & complain 
Ya think ?  Ya know that when Obama asked permission and it wasn't granted ?
The @GOP scapegoat #blameObama:  a bunch of hypocrites who have torn this nation apart and shirk accountability. Deplorable was too kind.
It's funny Obama had to clean up the mess that THE previous president left but he took it like a man and cleaned up and stopped pointing 
I can't believe it. He brought unemployment down, markets did well during his term, gave more people healthcare yet blame the previous guy
I respectfully submit Syria is it's own mess and 'us' trying to 'fix' it and to know what is best is not and has not helped.  Less blame eh?
oops i made a typo its not it's , sigh
It was the Republican Congress that refused to allow Obama the flexibility to create a Syrian policy..a phony air strike is not a policy
First of all didn't u and the rest of congress pretty much veto Obama? blame obama 4everything cuz ur to coward 2 take responsibility
After you lost to @BarackObama now you come back and blame him for Syria? After you tried to hamstring him at every turn? #Wow
how about you try blaming Assad, or Putin, or Iran,or ISIS for Syria. Perhaps you could have voted on the AUMF too #warmonger
It would take an act of congress, if we could get them off their greedy asses
Trump your thing is with Obama are u gay Obama did better than bush bush put us in this s*** by going after Saddam & set off a nuclear one
Haley is another naive blindsided nincompoop she's f****** Ludacris the whole bunch of them need 2 be put on a rocket set off & blown up
US-SY relations good enough to use SY for rendition until 2003/4. Then relations went south. What happened?
I never knew Obama was the President of Syria.
and it will take several generations of Americans to clean up Trump's mess in USA while rest of GOP watches.
If GOP congress hadn't obstructed every step of the way it would be different. To think I respected you so much. You're just like the rest.
what happened to you Senator? I used to really admire you.
Imagine how many of the 1/2 million people might be alive if Congress had approved Obama's request to attack in 2013. Blood on your hands.
Was it DT's idea to warn SY, RU before launch?
Didn't Congress tell Obama no approval for strikes?
It took a village to screw this up.
God be with The McCain Family ,This Palm Sunday; Sen.John McCain
Doesn't matter what trump and fascists GOP try - won't be distracted from #trumprussia and #goptraitors
Obama sought Congressional approval to act in bi-p fashion. You stymied him everywhere. This is your mess.
Really!  I've so often to defended you. Apparently SNL was right no Republican can rise above our party. Obama NOT Trump governed legally
If you had won in 2008, you would have started WWIII.
Thought it was just Trump always forgetting what he's said or done, guess it's the entire GOP that stopped Obama
You Republicans made the Syrian mess. You denied OBAMA the chance to do something.
Military action dictates Congressional approval. Scary that a supposed Senator doesn't know this. You have no real influence on our minds.
But Trump has had support from leading Democrats on the strike,whereas GOP support for Red Line response evaporated when Obama concurred.
So very true. If anybody was in bed with the Russians, it was OBAMA.
I usually don't mind when John goes verbal except when he says stupid crap like this

Wouldn't one way of "protecting Syrians" be to allow #SyriaRefugees into USA? Shouldn't Congress assume responsibility for Declaring War?
Sen. McCain, please don't. I still want to respect you. But this administration and actions are a circus show.
We wonder why the hill is so polarized? Too easy to blame all on Obama. I don't recall a huge support for intervention when he ASKED !!!
#ThanksObama just keeps more and more deranged
Obama' mess, old man? Yet you wouldn't approve the strike he requested. Partisan HACK.
It will also take more than talk to reset the Putin's election win! #Trumprussia #russiagate #IndependentInvestigation
Boo.  Stop hating on Obama, and work to make the future better.  Disappointed so far.
This is beneath you, Sir. You know the GOP refused to support intervention when Obama requested approval from Congress. Own the truth.
Why didn't Congress fix it? Why didn't Congress declare war on Assad? @SenMcCain voted no on the AUMF.
What's it going to take to clean up #Trumprussia ?
I fear we are about to see why Obama was so cautious in his stance on Syria. The bombing is easy but what comes next?
