McCain's eyes light up when advocating another war Thank God this man is not President He is clear and president danger to human extinction
C'mon McCain, the biggest threat 2 this country ISNT that *crazy fat kid* (in N Korea) it's that *crazy fat @POTUS * in bed w Putin.
He certainly has more capacity to damage America than Kim does
Another clueless lib.
Another gullible Trumper
Mattis & I are not gullible unlike the lemmings blindly still bellowing Hillary!!!!
Didn't Trump promise to put her in jail? You got played again! Don't drag Mattis into your cult, he's just trying to be the adult here
Served w/MATTIS*1973 - try again.
So you're saying he's not the adult in the room
What is with you and MSNBC? You you not know what they think of us? Including you. I guess anyone who will put you on w/ an audience of 12
This does not have the temperament to be a wartime POTUS. Not saying I disagree action needed but not in this way. Once again US is alone.
Weird. Yet there is a huge list of world leaders who supported Trumps decision. Alone, you say??
Easy to sit on the sidelines and clap. Whose going to step up if this becomes extended?
Who's. Israel will. Of that, I am positive. Watch And wait.
Israel is not going to stick one baby toe out to help us. If you're getting that from the Bible you need to stop.
McCain rejected in 2008 now he is getting revenge. Arizona You need to impeach John he is not serving U.
Very interesting that you all are just assuming Assad is guilty and Isis is innocent even though we took all of Assad's chemical weapons.
You don't like trump but support his Supreme Court pick hypocrit
muslims and arabs are testing field for new missiles and technilogy.
US is country of LAWS, where was AUMF to attack Syria? @JoeNBC @IgnatiusPost @KattyKayBBC Did Trump use attack to improve his poll numbers?
Trump has better relationship w/Gulf states because he has business with them, These are same Republicans that led us reckless into Iraq war
His money comes before our country's security. GOP sells us out once again
Watching and in agreement with Senator McCain. Thank you for your service to the country. I'm a Democrat but always listen to you
true dem, follows blindly w/o critical thinking. #shillary
partially correct - I commented thinking Trump had congress backing - I missed something here
no shit Sherlock
we have to get these old heads out of the Congress,  both parties..they all have to go!
Fri a.m. Just watched McCain on Fox News and he's supporting President Trump 100% on the Syria attention getter.
I will never forgive you for participating in the nuclear option @SenJohnMcCain
This was tipping point for McCain. He betrayed trust of many & will no longer be viewed as moral voice of @SenateGOP, just a Trump hack.
Bet you loved bombing Syria, when you going back to collect
McCain u war hawk. I, as a proud constitutionalist, despise u and others like u.
The founders would b ashamed #wercoming4u
McCain...time to retire.
You're disgusting demcain just like that show you'll be on. Don't ever watch that station. Thank God we're still free to choose what 2 watch
did mccain say yes or no to President Obama when he followed the constitution and went to congress for approval to going into syria?
yesterday u guys said it was complicated, can't do it, won't do it, will bungle it, & then-demanded UN do something - hit them & ate dinner
The morning schmoe uncovered the Obama admin unmasking of innocent ppl. Good Job morning schmoe!
Are you taking that pic of you and ISIS to show them?
Contrary to what Joe said, much skepticism and cynicism about Trump's strike--not just Alt-Right. Show tailored to conventionality this a.m.

John, you know Trump incited this in order to distract from Russian, right? He gave Assad Permission. Tillerson was silent.
The question is NOT was it the right thing to do. But WHY NOW. #russiagate #komplicit #kgop
Big disappointment votin for goin nuclear Mr. McCain!Sad day for democracy?Yet u vote yes?
I hope you are ready
Lost all respect for @SenJohnMcCain
Solid broadcast this morn; solid expression of what America values.  Keep it up. "We must be the great arsenal of democracy." FDR
Nice to hear a discussion on something other than Bannon
Jobs are NOT a result of Trump!!! And Strike was a payback for Russia to be able to move in and take control! Follow the money/oil !!
Make sure to bring donuts for Mika and joe
The terrorist are celebrating, how energizing for you and your war peddling!
Nobody is turned in
Stop being so gullible.This is Trump theater. Don't be surprised if this was orchestrated & arranged by Trump/Putin. Quick! Look over there!
Such ignorance or just blind hatred
I have no respect for a man that knows the right thing but does the wrong thing. He always votes YES
Bombs away & keep out refugees - Maverick Hypocrite.
WHAT you didn't ask him re vote - did he vote for nomination, setting in motion the nuke option? !!!
This is the next Muslim terrorists in line to go to Guantanamo Bay. President Trump has now insured second term. Democrats fail at midterm
Putin just played us and our military like a fiddle. Not blaming the military-this action is warranted. US is a much bigger prize to Putin.
Now you love trump bec he bombed syria. Obama weak. Trump strong. U R gross. Tears 4 syrian victims, yet Trump bans them from US
Do you prefer more children being slaughtered in the future ??
"that crazy fat kid from korea" luv it. Remember, Obama asked Congress in '13 to strike Syria, they said no.
I will always remember.... "How should I call him comment... Skinny crazy kid"
hasn't seen a war he didn't love. Of course he supports air strikes. He's the errand-boy to the #MID @Morning_Joe @MSNBC
McCain fits right in with these assholes!!!
John mcCain- fake conservative... RINO piece of crap...
http://eng.mil.ru/en/news_page/country/more.htm?id=12117678@egNews …
Ask him why he voted for nuclear option!!!
POTUS is even creating jobs in Syria!  GO Mr. President!
Dont you ever do anything conservative or American?!
POTUS acted within scope of authority.  Leading decisively! While meeting with China leader.  That is great multitasking
Of course you are!  How many slams, slights and self aggrandizement statements could we count on you for if we watched lying MSM?
#RedLinesMatter
what are you on that gutless, lying, bias, fake news network?
nothing more than a slap on the wrist to Assad.
hell no
.You have dissrespected yourself and America by your behavor.  Are you proud of yourself?  We can only hope that your career ends soon
What will people be talking about today? The Syrian attack or Trump's Russian problems? Clinton worked this distraction move (Monica) in '98
They need to talk about Rice unmasking and on whose behalf was she working @SenJohnMcCain @Morning_Joe @MSNBC
Warmonger Traitor Songbird McCain
Don't forget to explain how potus requires congressional approval for strikes on Syria.
Don't forget to explain how @AltUSNavy is trying to delegitimize an elected POTUS @SenJohnMcCain @Morning_Joe @MSNBC
You should probably put "elected" in quotes.
it stands as is.
You of all people know the need for a plan. Missiles do nothing if there is no follow through.
Ratings sore
Ask him about nuking SCOTUS
Dear God if it be your will PLEASE STRIKE THE DEMONS IN DC DEAD in the name of Jesus Christ the resurrected Messiah I pray Amen
He used the kids?
Thank you for taking the time to talk about what is going on.
LOL SNL on Friday mornings
