National Security is a JOKE...you stooges cant even handle the White House lawn
It's a real slap in the face to know the country, Russia, that tortured you via Vietnam has got their claws in the #GOP so deeply.
More like harm Military Contractors salivating for a payday! You want to raise the Dept of Defense budget raise taxes on billionaires 1st!
@funder
Now you want to pass the back saying that Trump is going to be at home for our United States one all the time I military diminished
Russians are killing people in Syria with chemical weapons and your President is sending American troops into this mess FOR PUTIN ..
Please be a voice of reason in all that is happening around us. Bring out your inner maverick. Speak up!!
I don't understand the criticism towards @SenJohnMcCain for not picking sides.  It's the very core of a good politician.
2017-04-05
**********************
Where is the pressure from concerned Senators who understand US military to criticize & put an end to Jared Kushners involvement WH policy?
Senator, w/all due respect,our nat'l security risks are higher than ever w/ #TrumpRussia Please consider any policy he promotes is for Putin
More BS....more military flights over Tucson than  ever!  When is war coming JOHN!
And besides that, it is just stupid and counter productive.where are the adults..by the way...I think you are one...just not enough of them
Understand that having a CR sucks but the budget put forward by this admin sucks even more! Will there be budget before recess? Prob not.
You let Obama diminish our military where was your duty trying to hold on military together making sure United States was safe McCain.
Fix the issues they have now! Just throwing more money into it does nothing. I wonder how many millions you've made off military contractors
Why is Trump hiding the amount of troops he is sending to Syria?
include 
1. many leaders and senators of USA,
2. New France president: Emmanuel Macron 
3. two leader of Canada.
This time the information inform about 30 
important persons,
Stop Trump. He's going to hit Korea.
Impeach, impeach, impeach! SERVE your country one more time!
In Trump's military budget, have they earmarked millions to pay to Erik Prince's company because he owes him for all his "backroom work?"
And all that is better than your agenda how sad...  leave the USA Traitor Globalist Trash..  lame
State Dept., 25-yr vet of circumnavigating US sanctions against numerous foes of our democracy, & Putin medal-winning BJ!
The growing list of proxy wars spreads resources all over the globe.  Why can't you, & Congress, & the DoD just pick one? Send your children
stalling allows Russian, North Korean, China to win by default.
Yet the lack of a budget has been @gop policy for many years now. Chickens, roost, etc.
U say you are depressed about tje SCOTUS debacle and dont know what else can be done besides going nuclear....how about a different nominee?
How about STOP giving yourself raises. How about STOP taking special interest money that is NOT good for America? #AZ05
Give some of your lobbyist and dark money to the military. How about you give the same healthcare you have.
how much smoke does it take, John
and I would be Happy with a Republican President if it was someone like John McCain but not these self serving greedy ppl
#letMcCainlead the Russian investigations
I a predominant Democrat vote John McCain to lead investigations. May not agree with all your views but you are trustworthy
Hey warmonger what if #SusanRice spied on you?  Will you fly to Tahiti too?  or will your ISIL Buddies take you in? #SwampSongbird
Since when do you care about nat'l security? You don't even uphold immigration laws in NY. You are a traitor to America.
why don't you join w democrats and actually get something done instead of stay with the party of "no" and the party of can't
and the party of suppression that supports dictatorship.
SEND IN #KUSHNER!
Just another military 'call to arms' that will benefit the military industrial complex to the determent of worthy social entities.
The military must live within it's means. If they can't make do with $600 billion, they need to cut expenditures like everyone else has to.
If cutting programs, paying for wall, defund PP etc is the only way to proceed; the military will have to suffer the continuing resolution.
What about the attacks on innocent civilians in Syria? I do not support killing innocent lives or an evil dictator!
