The ONLY problem is, "during a campaign we shouldn't confirm a nominee" Trump had a campaign rally today, the signs proved it
Great.  Why don't you support President @realDonaldTrump!
What was wrong with Obama's pick that sat for about a year?
I'm surprised. Don't seem to support much else. The President will MAGA with or without you
So President Trump did something right? Could you talk about that rather than vitriol?
voted for all noms including Betsy DeNincompoop & crapped out for Pruitt. When does your anti-Trump outrage actually kick in?
Trump is getting things done.  You are slacking.
#LowEnergy #SundayShowSenator
@JoeDunn8 ^^your favorite Senator.
we watched trump IN HORROR today. What the HELL is wrong with GOP? Put COUNTRY FIRST! Investigate trump/Russian thing NOW
.
You can thank President Trump for that.
You need to stop attacking President Trump. Now calling him dictator - shame. He is most courageous President ever.
See, your already on_ board! You shouldn't always say negative things. It makes you look negative!
.@SenJohnMcCain  Really?  An excellent choice?  What about President Obama's excellent choice?
And why didn't you give Merrick Garland, another great choice, a vote?  Partisan politics at its worst.
Probably because they didn't want to have to vote against him.
Thank you now fight to get him confirmed!  He's needed!
You are NOT representing me. Come to Flagstaff for a Town Hall.
I Agree!
Sure, get him in line after Merrick #Garland. #StolenSeat
Obama was too lazy to  fight for it, the golf course was way more important than protecting the Constitution
President Obama took fewer vacation days than other presidents. Trump is on vacation each weekend
YOU are the reason that the GOP will sweep the 2018 and 2020 elections. YOU with your hate.
jaw dropped. Heart hurt. Shoulders slumped. Sad
Good choice!
Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch,perfect man for the job,a constitutionalist and a academic 
glad he spoke out about the demoralizing and disheartening words by the President, even if through the Senator from CT.
garland was good too.
that's great finally something else you agree with POTUS on.
why
please help us get rid of Trump
Well it's about time..
Me too.. I'm glad!! BUTyou need to get with President Trump and work side-by-side!! REPUBLICANS NEED YOUStop fighting Potus
yes!
how was your meeting with Merrick Garland?
Are you stuck in the past?
Really? 
ugh.  In NH we're seeing many proGorsuch ads-likely b/c we have 2 d senators.  Wonder if it's same nationwide
apparently tv ads have been airing in many states. Pacs want the support b/c they're nervous. Worth extra calls to reps.
Did you guys happen to catch that presser today? I sure am proud to be an American.
John, you're wrong on this one. No Gorsuch
I hope you begin to appreciate @POTUS. He worked day & night to make it even possible. Help President Trump It'sTIME #MAGA
.@SenJohnMcCain So you're gonna rubber stamp him like Pruitt, Sessions, DeVos? All your criticism rings hollow.
---hypocrit---- you not the Judge
We don't need more simplistic Scalia "originalism," which gave away the US to the billionaires.
please look at his record on issues concerning women and civil liberties as well as separation of church and state.
About time
You voting against this one also?
Think about who HRC would've nominated. Please get behind @realDonaldTrump 100% to drain the swamp. Our future depends on it
BAD SCOTUS nominee!!
- stolen seat. Garland should be appointed to SCOTUS.
GREAT!
I'm beginning to not like the word great. 45 is a disaster on all levels #TheResistance #russiagate
Just remember that seat is stolen #MerrickGarland
Great. Garland was an excellent choice too. But country doesn't matter as much as party, right? What's going on with Russia?
You are an accomplice to prejudice, tyranny and injustice.
Please start the investigation and try to stop trump
sure you like him, he can make decisions to control women. so disappointing. think y'all shlvd had to give garland a chance
this nomination was hijacked by Rs. Shameful. #IamTucsonVoter
- I see you're going with a 1 step forward 2 steps back approach. As your constituent, I am disappointed by your endorsement
that seat is Merrick Garland's.
~ #1 priority outta be forcing Trump to release his tax reports. Be a maverick and engage in this worthwhile crusade.
.Sir, I and many more Americans thank you for standing up to Russia,  now please push the Senate to investigate Trump's taxes
.@SenJohnMcCain  GOP = Trump;  Trump = Russia; GOP= Russia.
for now anyway. It could change at any moment though.
You gave us Sarah Palin! Why should we trust your judgement? She is the gift that will not go away, like Palin & Clar. Thomas
Agreed!
Russian hackers prank phone call to senator McCain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eqrw2vIvBv0 …
GMTA. Run Silent, Run DeepState. Oops. Negot'ing w/assumed foreign gov official? Duped on insecure line? Huh?
Why did you not support Judge Garland when Obama nominated him? You didn't do your job!
what happened to you. Your Republican dammit. Stand behind your President. Your so bitter. Maybe it's time to go John
Guten Tag, John. Please convince one of your Senate chums to vote NO on Pruitt. That guy's worse than DeVos!!
keep sedona. And payson the beautiful gems they are and say NO to pruitt
dear john stop your war mongering against a nuclear Russia for both countries for humanity & for other lives in the galaxies
what do you have against clean air and water? Pruitt is unacceptable. Reject Pruitt!!!!
Before any nominee confirmation, the Trump/Flynn/Russia/Sanctions issue must be resolved.
Would you like to comment? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eqrw2vIvBv0 …
I'd like to see a comment from him on this also....
Finally-something positive.
Girsuch should not be allowed to proceed until tRump is cleared of any Russia nonsense
How can you sit back while Trump spins out of control?Shameful how you put your job before the country! Man up * do something
OK Earthquake's emails as a Kochsucker & w/SexyRexyExxy hit the news next week, OK judge won't protect the shill any more.
it appears the republicans are pushing the escape button. You are a hero for standing up to tyranny!!
any comment on your meeting with Russian comedians? http://www.theamericanmirror.com/audio-john-mccain-shares-insider-info-prankster-posing-ukrainian-pm/ …
we are asking you to vote yes on Pruitt
I only wish Kellie Ward would of won that race. She would of made America great again with President Donald Trump.
McCain is the only traitor here,  he gave his ISIS friends American tax dollars and American Heavy Weapons.
McCain just how are your ISIS buddies are doing these day's.  General Flynn is more of a American Hero than you McCain.
It's time to #impeachTrump. Enough is enough. @gop @LindseyGrahamSC
with all due respect . Retire. We need people who will stand up and fight for POTUS. Repub party still won't fight Dems. Why?
you could have been so much more but you have let the radicals control you. Have u thanked them for Sarah palin?
We want an independent bi-partisan investigation of Trump and Trump's comrades and their collusion with Russia/Putin
I am very disappointed in your actions and feel you need to get behind our President. Set an example of respect not discord.
He at least has ethics and like you he is NOT afraid to stand up to the POTUS. #warhero #thankyou
And how was your meeting with Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman? How incompetent can you be?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=261&v=Eqrw2vIvBv0 …
- Not a good choice. Merrick Garland needs a vote! @JeffFlake
Did he answer your questions?
Thank you! But weren't you pardoned by Nixon?
except that Neil Gorsuch accept to sit on a stolen Seat. Is that respect for democracy and Constitution.
Investigate Trump's Russia connections.
You CANT vote on sec of energy until his transcripts are revealed!!  That would be so very wrong!
Dude, you know @realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar and a goddamn traitor. Why the hell do you help him? Party over ?
You spelled Merrick Garland wrong?
Thank you for your service and sacrifice to America.  Please be a Republican leader and support President Trump
sorry, wrong
I respect you tremendously but this is a stolen seat It belongs to Garland.
investigate Russia!!
This is a stolen seat , it belongs to Merrill Garland!  #resist
Please vote no tomorrow on Pruitt! We love our beautiful state of AZ. From: your neighbors in Sedona!
did they throw you in a black-ops hole or something. Wake up!!!
you're unlikely to seek another term, don't have anything to lose by standing up to Trump and his madness.  Step up! Please!
Confirm him immediately. Nuclear option if necessary. Then Vader can retire and we can gadt track her replacement.
thank you, Sir.
Dear Senator RINO: America and Your Party Demand that you support President Trump, and stop being a shill for Liberal Dems
You need to stand up for America! 2018 is coming! And we're pissed!
Yes. This gentleman seems like a great choice. Please work tirelessly to get him confirmed.  Thank you.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell made a new rule last year when he blockaded President Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
No new confirmations during a presidential campaign. Now that Donald Trump is back on the campaign trail, will Gorsuch be
blocked too?
I hear Merrick Garland was an excellent choice too.
How about Merrick Garland?
....he has my support too.
did George solos say it was okay to back him traitor
You endorsement this the only thing that makes me question him.
What are you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
Did u tell him you lacked the cojones to buck the McConnell agenda of stealing a Supreme Court nomination? I thought so
You need to stick with other Republicans and all of you stick behind Trump.
really John he isn't in your party war monger
Ugh, Gorsuch is a #fascist Of course Republicans love him. SCOTUS seat belongs to #MerrickGarland the best Judge for the job.
awww look at you! Mr liberal globalist democrat! Being the good guy and supporting the right man. Did you ask Soros?
meanwhile our kids don't need healthy lunch, clean water, and the animals of the world can just disappear. Thanks
glad ur finally on board. thanx for being worthless to arizona. you HAVE TO GO. u and the weak minded graham gotta gooo!!!
you're beginning to sound like Trump.  Careful now.
.@SenJohnMcCain #lackey
what's your position on Pruitt? Will you delay the vote to consider the tsunami of emails?
please delay on Pruitt.
of course.  You should be ashamed of yourself and your party for not allowing Obama's nomination.  Disgusting.
I am a Dem. I implore: help! Wake your friends. There is a "malignant narcissist" running around the WH. We need you, now!
oh, you're alive? Maybe spend some time defending our intelligence community and independent press? America needs you. Now.
Merrick Garland should be SCOTUS and Russia has infiltrated our government right under your nose!
Did you ask Judge Gorsuch to PUBLICLY ANNOUNCE that *45 Bashing Judiciary is UN-AMERICAN? Start a 911-Style INVESTIGATION NOW
Poor judgment
So what was wrong with Merrick Garland?
my question is sir is why you continue to be the party of opposition to the president. Are you sure you  aren't a democrat?
Really, he thinks corporations can have a religion? Thought Merrick Garland was much better
John. Step up before your legacy is obliterated. This is just sad. And I don't mean Trump "sad." I mean really genuinely sad
52 Russian agents in the US Senate. How can ya tell? They all have an (R) by their names.
You are a hero but shut up!
Have you considered retirement? Grandpa, grandpa put down the roomba, it's time for your crazy pills.
you are the reason we need term limits.. resign now!
How did your meeting with Merrick Garland go?
