Just shut up if you cannot support the voters choice - Trump
Trump only won 46.1% of the total votes cast in the 2016 election- not exactly the "voter's choice." ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
That's not true; Hillary's "popular" was a farce, since all 3 mil came from ONE State, CA. where illegals vote. Google this if in doubt.
The claim that "millions of people voted illegally" is completely false, though it has been repeated over and over. Google this if in doubt.
Prove to me it's false.
John, you redefine ' loser ' .....
Don't you have anything to say about the testimony today?!  OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. We will see our democracy die if something isn't done
What happened to collusion?
President's many attempts at obstruction are due the fact that he knows that the FBI is close to finding plenty of evidence of collusion
Lol, it's been 9 months and nothing. The only thing getting close is Dems going to jail!
"Alternative" facts. You should branch out from Breitbart and Faux News
No sweetie pie, this from your party Leaders! Read, listen.
Sorry, Darling. Trump is a TRAITOR and a crook who laundered money for RUSSIANS. Have some patriotism. Country over party
Really baby doll, I hope you at least have some good looks going for you. Lol
Don't you ever work for the people? Your constantly promoting yourself but I guess with such a low approval rating you have to.
What's wrong with your ducking traitor head?  Is it melting?
He looks Russian.......Are you colluding with him?
How about try not to pound our President every chance you get.
Courting Hollywood are we, now? Sounds about right.
John McCain loves the camera!  Sad!
Are u going to be unsupportive of the President again, make the GOP embarrassed of u?

@SenJohnMcCain is a cancer in the Republican part. Loves the spotlight. Just a pain in the ass. No idea what team means @POTUS @ericbolling
thank you for your service
Reach for your star mr. McCain because you need to retire from my country's political system Trump train has passed you by
Traitor
McCain u are pathetic and to call yourself a Senator. people in ur state should be upset u are shamming our country!Retire u r Bad for U.S.
Lying sack of s*** McCain, the Iranians held the hostages for tow missiles, Reagan's of Traitor like you. Take this a****** off the air
John watched you on seths show. You came across all about repub. vs dem. Right now Amrcns would like to hear someone that's for all American
I used to admire you, but I am so sickened by the way you aid the democrats. Never want to watch you, or listen to you. Most feel the same.
you are a good man. Thank you for you service, then and now!!!!
I wish you were President toostand up for US
A voice of reason!  Please continue to educate the American people about fake news/conspiracies!  You are such a stand-up guy, Senator!
When the history books are written about this period, there will be PATRIOTS and PARTISANS....I know historians will honor you!
Thank you for your service to our country and for defending our Democracy consistently (free press, etc.).
I wish you were president too !
Guys you are looking good together! Wedding?
I love you @SenJohnMcCain !!
Is John McCain holding something in his right hand?
Really !
Your health has improved, McCain,  and in a term or two, Trump will have the Oval Office and Veteran's Administration in order for you . . .
I'll miss it because I hate NBC
RINO
No thanks. No one likes a sore loser.
And a hand job to boot. Maybe John isn't doing so great.
What a narcissist you are. No shame.

Pathetic
Hanoi John sure loves the communist fake news medias. 
Retire
RETIRE ALREADY @FoxNews
I love Chris Pine ! McCain not so much
Just when I thought my senator could not go any lower and he tweets this out.
His head looks so huge...
No thanks!
Mr. McCain, why don't you and Graham just come out of the closet and be all in with the Dems?
Because he's a Nazi traitor piece of s*** he's a war criminal remember boy Hitler bush
Hanging out with your liberal buddies!
Hey Man!!!  Sen. John McCain  your talking about me missing  @MLB Game innings @Cardinals St.Louis  vs @Dodgers LA ;
#SEMPRE-FI
dexter had a baby with a football player and John McCain wacked him off for the camera. i knew he was a freak.. but really. stahp.
We would rather miss you, McCain. North Vietnam doesn't miss you though. Your a solid hit with communist. Still have a room for you in Hanoi
should be asked why 880 billion is being taken from Social programs to give 1% a huge tax break. @LateNightSeth
@SenJohnMcCain are you trying to be a celebrity?
And then there's Chris Pine that apologizes when he speaks the truth because he is under hollyweird control.
Ok
John you're one of the few that even want to do liberal news media & liberal Comedy Store shows. Why is that?
John you are awesome but please don't just say that things are disturbing and troubling
He was reelected last year
Exactly. He's 86 at next election. Should give him scope to be more forthright
John McCain the Rhino! I'm positive that AZ has had enough and will vote you out next time around. Traitor
What say you?

John McCain the useful idiot of the left media.
You're a rock star (rolling eyes)
