
Take a break from screwing the American people in private? All in a day's work for a man who sold his soul. Trumo = your master. Grow a pair
*tRump
I'm concerned about my fellow vets losing care under #AHCA how about you Maverick??!!
Don't call him Maverick. Maverick never shot missles on an aircraft carrier deck
Just vote yes. You're going to hand this nation over to Russia anyways. It's not like you to not toe the line. How bout some HC hearings???
Good grief, mccain is as anti Trump as Obama. In fact mccain votes like obama.
Wrong. Voted yes for every Russian 45 nominated.


Soros!
What criteria will you be examining this nominee with? We need a vision of the future engagement, not more cold war propaganda ossification.
Ready to derail everything about Trump... are you truly a Rep.? Getting lots of $$$ for your foundation just like Clintons..Soros $$$$ hmm
Watched. Your arrogance is abhorrent and it's clear you need to go.
If he hasn't shot missles on an aircraft carrier deck he is more qualified than you
I wish you would quit fighting the Prez. For sake of country we need to support him
Are you a freaking democratic or liberal because your certainly not acting like a republican.  If your not seeing things clearly then retire
Interesting pick. We need the technology attributes that this man can bring.
You should be heading to the rest home!
Why waste your time?  You're going to vote in favor, no matter what.
John we would like to see you in North Korea.
Yep. As a pow
We see Soros is funding the McCain Institute. Why is anybody surprised after listening to your ravings.
Part & parcel of the "enlightened elite" that put themselves above the people & the law - just like the Clintons.  TERM LIMITS -> DTS
I thought you were a patriot! Your just all talk. I'll watch how you vote, country or is it party? Also, what happened to more Russian sanct
Traitor
I wonder who exactly you think you are that you could talk to Mr. Shanahan the way you did.  Are you God or what?
You we're disgustingly rude!
Rino.
Birds of feather flock together! McCain funded by nazi #Soros. You're a disgrace! #ResignTraitor  http://www.youngcons.com/ariz-sen-john-mccains-foundation-funded-by-anti-american-leftist-billionaire-george-soros/?ref=FacebookPost …
Doris
George Soros??  REALLY?!?!?
You are the biggest traitor to we the people the true Americans of our founding father principles and constitution, wow out with you NOW
Stay awake if you can. Will be waiting for you to make a fool of yourself.
While commuting think about my friend who before ACA could not afford chemo. She didn't have ins. No job. Destined to die. R we going back?
John...please stop the Health Care bill!  Your fellow Americans need your help, more than ever!
do u let ur buddy Soros in on all the committees meetings? Time to hang it up or maybe walk across the isle and stay there.
This a Mattis or Donny choice? If it's Mattis' guy, approve him. If Donny's guy, blow him out of the water.
If he tells lies, will he still be confirmed by GOP Senate, like LYING SESSIONS?
We want transparency in the healthcare bill that will affect us all. If it's not bad for us why are you guys hiding it? Unacceptable
https://www.sott.net/article/354104-Kurds-are-ethnically-cleansing-Arabs-From-Raqqa-Israeli-template-applied-with-help-of-US-airstrikes … @ikalin1 @KingSalman @realDonaldTrump @CENTCOM
@POTUS need to stop arming Marxist Pyd terror groups
27 years on non-stop wars OF TERROR - welcome to Amerika!
You need to retire and take care of yourself! Something wrong with you!
Sen McCain why aren't Republicans concerned that Fox News is calling for a strike on NK & we have a President that treats that as a briefing
This is scary.
http://www.boeing.com/company/bios/patrick-shanahan.page … 
#TrumpTax  #SASC #Resist
How's your wife like her new job?
Does he agree with your Soros backed war with Russia? #nutcase
What time did the D'backs game end at last night?
Just called your D.C. Office about healthcare. Please have hearings and be transparent. This bill is huge for families like mine.
