No thanks to you, but made up glory is what you do 
Still cheatin on the wife viva viagra
Remember when you posed for a photo with your ISIS buddies?
You're to blame for Obama, Trumpkin
I wish I could go back in time and withdraw my vote for you in ‘08. I thank you for your service, but it’s time for you to retire!
AMEN
It could of been a lot sooner if we did not throw weapons and money to jihadist once again thank the Kurds 4 saving humanity live & learn
I believe that you must get the American people to rally around the commander and chief.  Once a soldier always a soldier.
You have taken hits by him. A soldier does not always agree with his orders but he must follow  them.
My uncle was shot down over Laos in 1964. He came back in 1976. He was a hero like you. Stand firm but do right. I'd love to serve.
Your an embarrassment, keep your comments about the president to yourself.. your not the president wouldn't win so shut up and support him.
Why don't you do something that's truthful for once & thank the POTUS.
President Trump allowing the military do what was needed in the first place, has practically annihilated Isis only a few remain! Praise God!
Why doesn’t the media talk about these things.
But what are we doing in Niger, John?
We were blessed to put our support behind a non secularism non sexist fighting force who stayed loyal to our values we owe #loyalty 4 sure
and now its the time to betraye kurds there as u did in iraq
Wow it took a real President like Trump to defeat ISLAMIC terrorists!
McCain got away w many crimes during the VietNam War.  He should never had been in Congress.......
But not about being soft and giving money to Iran and North Korea
What does Chad, Exxon, and Travelban have to do with the 4 deaths in Niger?
How about a shout out 2 Kurds who defeated terrorists you created, all while they were being massacred once again by ur Irani/Iraqi allies?
Retake? Never heard Raqqa was in US. Get out of #Syria you’ve made enough mess.
Ditto. But who and how is this totally destroyed city going to be rebuilt?
US troops and coalition are in Syria illegally. Yankees go home!
You've gotten a lot of love lately & rightly so over your speech & protecting healthcare but Trump is partially your fault. You chose Palin
Congratulations are in order for this victory in #Raqqa over ISIS. However the Kurdish issue is far from over & can undermine stabilization.
Did you thank Trump?
Mr. Mccain what plans do you have for Raqqa?  Your jihads have a completely destroyed city.  What government can you put in Raqqa?
Thats not in direct conflict with the legal government of Syria?  The Syrian people will want their land back.
Something Obama wouldn't have gotten done but no one wants to admit it. NOT EVEN YOU!!!!!?
And the reward for the Kurds will be?????
Senator McCain I agree with you that was really fantastic what those forces did Trump will take credit and that is really sad and disgusting
There was only one dumb thing in that interview. It wasn’t Doocey.
American Tanks & Hamvees which were used by PMF Khwrasani , AAH & Badr corp  on there way to Erbil  @SenJohnMcCain  @realDonaldTrump
And I support your articulate, accurate summary of the sad state of affairs in the White House, sir!
Congratulate the commander-in-chief, Songbird.
@SpeakerRyan @VP tulip or new gold rush. Then gold rush, merchandisers get money, gold was lures for develop West. Q-can control bit-coin?
John, why do you kortesi yourself a fighter, you intriguer and not a soldier, stop and take care of the internal problems of their country
You changed side again Songbird???
TOTES! Wow! Bravo U.S. troops!
Congratulate the Potus also ..oh yea forgot you work better with obama
Ok you served our country ! Go to sleep know you need the rest !
Oh forgot to say thank you !!!

Dear Sir, I am a Democrat.  Thank you for your Service, Military and Senate! I know you've always had the US best interest at heart.
You are my hero, Sen. McCain
We’ve got your back! 
May God bless you 
Now support an independant Kurdistan, or watch this victory quickly fade away.
Yes Raqqa from one US Supporter to another US supporter. #ISIS
Senators McCain and Graham are torpedoing the budget by insisting on busting the budget caps for more spending.
Yes The nationalist Trump trusts US generals and therefore scores victory. McCain implores US to trust spineless Nations for victory! Wrong!
Our credibility abroad is totally screwed. Iran, Paris, etc. This "man" is destroying this country. That's fact; not opinion. IMPEACH.
You should took retirement along time ago Senator ..
Please retire John

You are wonderful, John McCain!! You are loved and appreciated!!
Congratulations Sen McCain on the Liberty Medal-you served on the USS Intrepid with my dad, an MUSN at the time, while a music show tour-‘59
Please retire
Go Trump
Save the Kurds.
POTUS putting right leaders in charge and getting the job done. POTUS not bragging about it, just doing it.
The Maverick sham 1987-2017 legacy= Wash DC Dysfunction & Debt STOP toadying attacks against @POTUS  & toddle off to AZ @SenateMajLdr @GOP
McCain, you've been completely worthless in fighting ISIS, its Trump that's actually taking out ISIS..... wake up America McCain = Swamp
Liar McCain.
Please acknowledge the brave Peshmerga who need military supplies, and boots, and uniforms, and vehicles, etc.
This admin does nothing !!
Ameriga bize bokmir.
Please thank POTUS for taking out ISIS.. and less time sucking up to the Liberals.
at last Americans, something have released
Shut your lips traitor!
Unlike the US Senate, they deliver results.  They have integrity and work diligently for our best interests. You lack in both areas.
US has nothing to do Syria! No mandate. Go home!
THAT was Trump's leadership, John.
It would have happened sooner if you weren't giving weapons to Isis
How about congrats to our President for doing what he said he would do?  Something you don't do.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Don’t worry @POTUS will get around to calling families of Soldiers in between golf rounds. Phony crook! @nytimes @MSNBC @billmaher @MSNBC

In ancient Greece democracy many famous leaders had a mandatory ten-year exile courtesy of popular vote. Politics purification is necessary.
If Obama would have followed your advice could have stopped in 2011
There is no one greater and more Mighty then our creator,we must love our creator n respect in highest form.(God bless @realDonaldTrump)
GOD BLESS @realDonaldTrump ...
It's cause of the great leadership of my   POTUS @realDonaldTrump,he has brought back the true meaning of VICTORY.
Qasm soleymani & Abo Mohandîs in #KirkukCrises
Really going out on a ledge with this tweet! When did you become a democrat?
What r u doing to impeach trump ?
Why does Puerto Rico still have no water or power
What's being done to help Puerto Rico and California, who's stoping trump from doing this
Did you notice they didn't commit treason against the American people doing like YOU DID
McCain deserves to be punished by his mentor Obama for irresponsible attacks against ISIS peaceful settlements.

Great job Trump getting this done MAGA, glad you're onboard
Stay out of Trumps way, let him get the job done
Didn't get done during your entire tenure.  Trump gets it done in10 months. Whose the blustering idiot?
they did without any of his help ex POW  told off on his shipmates  during the Vietnam war while in prison of war camp untold lives loss!
So you don't care we elected Pres Trump. Your just bitter man who hates we the people. I hope you retire before you destroy the US with old
Trump finally made Obama's JV statement come true! I wonder if O will call and thank him?

They did great! It ticked me off that this has been a long hard fought battle & Trump took all the credit! He's a glory hog with a huge ego!
Make up your mind Johnny, earlier you wanted to weaken Iraq and Turkey for not playing nice with the Kurds. RETIRE Brutus
Oh shut up.
McCain you stink.
You don't thank trump? Seems he takes credit for this.....he alone with his bone spurs and venereal diseases
How are you? I am a Kurd from the Kurdistan region of Iraq. Come, come come and strike Iran
seems all the arms/$$ you and clinton sent to ISIS was for naught in the end- except for those military industrial donor bennies..for pols
It's too bad that Iran Shia militias will end up taking it from SDF. 

Bad precedent set in Kirkuk. U.S. handing the region to Iran & Russia
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for our allowing our military to do their job. I'm sure that's what @SenJohnMcCain meant
You don’t care about ISIS-You want to steal Syria’s resources, take geopolitical control of the region & make $ through military expenditure
Oh wait wasn't  isis created because of the odumbshit team that u were a part of yes president trump not his team is doing a great job
Retire now, Senator, with the small shred of dignity you have yet to destroy.
Thank you President Trump for your excellent leadership from the front!
McCain, remember who’s Commander in Chief. That could be construed as a compliment.
Thank you senator. Thank you
What about the Kurds.  Doing to them what we did to the South Vietnamese.  You are shameful.
God bless you, John McCain. Thank you for your service. 
Time for you to go step down you are out of touch with reality
impeachment now or cuba prison for 99 yrs to life !!!
RETIRE 
Thank u for your concern for all #Americans. @realDonaldTrump cant hold a candle to u. Wishing u well each & every day. #Hero
I try to be respectful because of your service to our country. Unfortunately I wish you could quietly go away. Call yourself a democrat 
Thanks John for standing up for the middle class.
??????????????????????????
NOBODY CARES
Strange you backed the Syrian unknown fighters just a few years ago.  Typical politicians and D.C. Creature 
Yes e
No thanks to you John
The United States supports terrorism throughout the world. Everyone knows about this.
Ty President Trump!
Nasty personality displayed calling question about siding with Dems on healthcare dumb! YOUR decision, not the question, was dumb.
Please do us a favor and resign!!
On to Riyadh! Wahhabi stronghold
John when are you going to die?? U r such a bitter, hateful old gusizer .  U r nothing but a pain in the A**
U have nothing good to say !
A radical sect of Islam YOU supported, and helped fund.
Retire...
You wish we at war in the jungle so you would fill at HOME and ask if you can be locked up yum yum yum yum

That's odd. You congratulating someone other than yourself. #termlimits

Nothing left. But that's OK, its from western bombs not Russian or Syrian. 

#Raqqa 
Долбаеб ты, сенатор
Aww I see you got mad bc Peter D. called you out today. GOOD! He was 100% correct. You're the leader of the Democratic Party. Good riddance
This is because of @realDonaldTrump, his Administration, Our Generals & Our Wonderful Military. This is the SAME Donald Trump U OPPOSE!
This is because of the Peshmerga, who fought so bravely. Who the Trump Admin won't supply with any weapons, clothing, food, shoes, NADA..sad
In Feb 2017 half Mosul was liberated and SDF was encircling raqqa, so what has trump done
Thank you for your service
Could this man be a TRAITOR??
We don't agree on many issues, but I have a lot of respect. Knowing what's right & our troops are your finest attributes. God bless you.
I figured it out. According to you, we can love our country...just not too much. How’s your ex Carol btw? I guess you wanted to be rich huh?
Remember Russia was invited into Syria, the U.S invaded Syria with McCains creation ISIS
"I have no idea, nor do I care," McCain said.. finally he admits he is a moron. 
Lied under oath and laughed his daddy fixed it for him
Thanks @BarackObama !
Put some respect on the dam maverick’s name

Everyone else is wrong but John McCain, Collins and Murkowski. Now isn’t that just f..king typical?
@SenJohnMcCain  TRAITOR
Thank you, Senator for casting light onto these American  heros.
Does it really? Assad is still there!
your illness is affecting you..  YOU REALLY NEED TO RETIRE...  for your countrys' sake...  if you truly care at all...

US Troops Kick BUTT!
Raqqa: good. Taking Kurd's land & self-determination & livelihood: extremely bad.
We're more serious about restoring Raqqa than we are about helping our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico:
America's War Hero. #Respect

Funny how John McCain just blamed nationalists for not addressing US problems, when he obstructs legislation because he’s hurt by Trump. https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/920097825446342656 …
take your globalist bs and retire, you are one of the king swamp creatures #draintheswamp #maga #MAGACoalition
Congratulations senator
What about Kate's Law, tax cuts, HEALTHCARE??  Do you care at all????
SIR, Thank You for this encouraging & appropriate tweet! God Bless U!@POTUS take note of how true leaders Tweet! 
Congratulation the president
Your congratulatory tweet rings hollow-Coming from an Angry and Bitter man who regularly undermines President Trump-Unseal your war records!
Yeah, well, what's left of it anyway...
Never happened under your watch or Obama but did happen under Trump
John McCain isn't mentally or physically capable of holding a senate seat
Traitor
@Potus Trump said your'e a loser and he is single handedly beating #ISIS 
He's beating ISIS all by himself.  Nobody else is beating like him
