What about our destabilizing actions? How much is Lybia and Syria costing us?
whole world is in CHAOS because of USA. BTW what usa is doing in syria, iraq libya Afghanistan.
stop destabilizing countries then
Brrr brrr brrr brrr
You are a fraud. You and your friends the $audis are ruining the world.
Both sides need to push this Russia thing so we won't find out who really is meddling in our elections- our own TRAITOROUS POLITICIANS!
your own deep state .. secret services/MIC and hi finance is who benefits most from blackmailing and owning your politicians
Ask McCain. Hillary & Soros are his pals.
Like a club ..a web of blackmail.. deceit,lies,corruption.. Soul selling ..death and destruction for personal gain .. not a nice way to live
TY 4 standing w #Iranians collectively #SayNo2Mullahs 
#Iranians USA want normal relations w 
#RezaPahlavi legitimate Iranian leader
CIA must pay you very well.
Seems to send message that only @RandPaul and @SenSanders get it
Unanimity in politics = subversion. In this case to the Saudi and Israeli lobby
What a massive psychopathic irony from the destabilizer in chief of the world's greatest terrorist nation - breathtaking!!!
insane mccain is much too busy meeting with terrorists and Nazis to care about his constituents.
Yea! the US should be the only country allowed to destabilize a region! USA!USA!
While blaming others

I hope Gen. Mattis eliminates your mercenary ISIS army quickly. You have been running your own foreign policy for years and it must end!
Shameless John
Even Sanctions will not save your Jihadists friend in Syria.
#NEOCON #warmonger hope much does the #MilitaryIndustrialComplex pay you?
Quite the enormous pile of hypocrisy considering what the Obama Cartel did to other nations with your help & terrorist support.
When are you going to stop your war mongering, McCain? The blood of countless civilians is dripping from your hands.
.....says mr Destabilizer himself
Ive always wondered how someone who could sell out their own serving compatriots could turn out to have and credibility at all...........
lol troll
If you could plz stop giving weapons & tanks to Islamic extremists & killing the people fighting AGAINST #ISIS, that would be great, thx.
That's a psychological tactic. Accuse others of doing what YOU are doing YOU are the 1 destabilizing the world & a lying old war monger.
"Destabilizing activities around the world." That's so fucking rich coming from us. Pot? Kettle? Hypocrites!
Ok #ISIS Leader
Great powers use smaller powers as pawns.
Hey traitor, if the aim is to punish the destabilizer in Middle East, why not vote for sanctions against Israel?
Yeah, its about 98-2 that the U.S. have overthrown and installed puppet governments around the world compared to u taken a hit for once!
Are you going to go after china,North korea and isreal McCain .  They routinely spy on us every year
Yet you & dictator colluded to starve those fighting #ISIS.  Appears #Erdogan still supports #ISIS, what about you?http://aranews.net/2017/06/syrian-kurds-accuse-turkey-using-water-weapon-war/ …
Your country is to blame for the worldwide chaos. Look at Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria. You don't get tired of innocent blood
The hypocrisy of this tweet , you should be ashamed of yourself. I feel for your audience warmonger.
How about Cindy??? Is that why you've caved recently?????
you are #insane ,only country with destabilizing activities around the world is the USA. #warmonger #iraq #afghanistan #libya
They will put sanctions on country's, but what about the potus which is out to destroy us?
It appears you have been bought again. Crooked McCain is now in Russia's pocket. #Kearing5 #PutinGOP
John:
What R U
going 2 do about
@realDonaldTrump?
Will U Stand4 HIM
destabilizing OurCountry
or
R U ready 2
ACTUALLY DO MORE THAN BITCH?
#BlacklistIRGC     #RegimeChange       #Iran 
#freeIran
Thank you Senator!
You voted against...so WTF ?
It isnt going to harm them. What we need is  cyber security from our government for elections and polling equipment.
whatever Senator, your leader so indebted and infatuated with Russia, he will betray US. You guys won't stop him, don't care.
Wow another sanction. A real first there Johnny. Does anyone think it will do anything but raise energy prices for Europe?  Lol. What a tool
Good work except you have comrade Trump in the WH and you are all talk-no action. You don't control him Putin does #traitor
Thank you for standing up to Trump. Please stand up against destabilizing our healthcare.
Why did you feel it was necessary to stop Kamala Harris questions? You are not legally allowed to say anything. You are a guest. Retire
Good to see these sanctions. Glad Putin is being held accountable.
I'm pleased the 2 had more guts than u John.
This is very positive step.. Good strong act of unity  .. let's see bit more of it.. say healthcare?
Thank you for being Iranian people's voice in International community

#RezaPahlavi
what ? did you ask iranian people first ? he's just his owner's voice, he doesn't give a shit about iranians
Well done .@SenJohnMcCain & colleagues. Cutting funds of #Iran 's terror arm @IRGC makes the whole world safer! Rest assured!
FAO @POTUS
About time you put Country over Party! #Impeach45 #ImpeachPence
What about @realDonaldTrump's destabilizing actions?  When are you going to get around to opposing those?
Yes ... Keep those resolutions coming.  Americans need to fully understand the impact the bad acting Nations have on our National Security.
You have not been able to stop them for 40 yr John

You're beautiful and historical message of thanks to Senator for you
Prince  #Rezapahlavi  supporters claiming you agree to our spiritual leader
now vote no on trumpcare. Fix not repeal.
Don't care at all about Russia what about taxes and Obamacare hate this rino
Who are the no votes?
Good
Bet Donnie is pissed

I bet 45 isn't happy.
Oh maybe Obama needed the message before the uranium deal but that's just a minor detail that wouldn't have long term ramifications.
I don't know. I think the world has stopped listening.
Continue to rebukes of tRUMP! No cozying up to Russia
Bet that's a stick in the spokes for Tillerson/Exxon/Putin.
That's the only reason Russia pushed to get Trump into office! He can be bought
Yep, they are SHAKING IN THEIR BOOTS WHILE WE PASS MEANINGLESS SANCTIONS! Just ask NK
Anyone want 2 save my time amd list the 2 nays?
I hear you and applaud the vote, but hey - that last bit is a little cringeworthy when we've been guilty of the same countless times.
.@SenJohnMcCain thank you!  NOW it is time to designate #Iran's IRGC as a terrorist organization #BlacklistIRGC @NCRIUS @OrgIAC
How about some straight talk? This is needed because the president is a traitor who cannot be trusted not to sell us out to Russia.
President Trump is very relaxed about Russia's activities around the world, AG Sessions likewise.
sir, you are a respected senator. why in the hell is your default photo a snapchat logo? I swear on my life john mccain does not snap.
Only you're allowed to do that, right songbird?
What about the WH Dem's HRC Obama Deep State & Media collusion corruption trying to destabilize our Govt & our new POTUS.
Did anyone tell Trump this?
Thank you 4 meeting with Reza Pahlavi .He is the only person who can get Iranians to change the regime & bring peace 2 Mid East& the world
Bet you tomahawk fetish freaks would love another "regime change". Sickening
Right, if anyone is going to destabilize the world it's going to be US.
Yes after how much money did u make off them?!
And as a bonus is bill won't let 45 do away with sanctions. Most important piece of the bill. Now we'll see what happens in the House.
Meanwhile bend over for #Saudiarabia they have great human rights record and don't support #ISIS
So in addition to yourself who else voted no?
It is also sending a message that you Republicans should lose your hopeless leader.
Smoke and mirrors my old friends smoke and mirrors nothing but words
https://twitter.com/pattymurray/status/875425820126433281 … thought you would advocate for military families but nope paid off too , those who serve with honor don't have $$$
WATCH: Murray,advocates talk Trumpcare Medicaid cuts that will hurt military fams who have children w/ special needs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHxA_Mc9U7Q …
What's up with Lee and Paul? #Putin
This is good. Big disappointment in the last two hearings. Is something wrong. ????
I'm guessing Russia has some goods on you .
Someone let the POTUS know as well!
BLA BLA BLA....why didn't you slap them with a wet noodle??? It would have done just as much good. You politicians live in a fantacy land
Who are the 2 assholes that didn't vote for sanctions?
Only if congress doesn't gut the message....
In defiance of 45's wishes!! Putin is going ground him!
Trump has to sign it.

So it's either a veto, or pee pee tape.
Does your wife agree?
The real question is who in their right mind would not vote for sanctions?
You'll need to convince your President that Russia is not our closest ally...good luck! Follow the money sir!
are u going to be able to make it law?
Oh John, for a Democrat you sure talk tough.
Yet support Saudi Wahhabism. That debunks all the Lies from the US
We may not stand for it but they have been doing it for many years!!!!!
Great. The best solution is to support #Rezapahlavi as leading opposition leader to put an end to Islamic regime and its support 4 terrorism
Please retire.
Destruction of Syria,Libya ,Yemen and 500 billion dollars arms deal with Saudi and supporting despots in MD are Iran/Russia's faults.
Hell yeah !!
It sends a message that the US won't allow this POTUS to destabilize the world. Now finish the job and impeach.
Trump will veto it
Awesome now what about you? Retirement, golf? Fishing  ?
Your out of state trolls won't leave you alone. Remember where your votes came from. #WitchHunt
Yea, only jihadi john mccain can destabilize the world.
Who voted against them?
Not when they have to spend so much time destabilizing their own country.
Not gonna give you pro quo. Not gonna give your pro quo! (sung to Hamiltons Last Shot).
How about within the Oval Office?
#ComradePresident isn't going to like you snubbing his girlfriend Puttie.
Please advocate hand counting votes until we can safeguard electronic voting.
Who were the 2?
Rand Paul & Bernie Sanders
GREAT! Now put money BACK into @NASA  so we can build the needed rockets HERE instead of buying Russian.
And your push to secure a job for your wife tells us that you will otherwise allow Trump to serve as Putin's puppet.
we are the destabilizing nation. We have been for decades. Sanctions are foreign policy that only serves to hurt civilians.
Who were the 2 that voted against sanctions?
As if the US is the source of "stability"; have a look at Iraq, Afghanistan, Lybia and Syria for some samples of how the US "stabilizes".
Does it require TrumPutin's signature?
When will the Senate vote to #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNOW #impeachment #CountryOverParty
Democrats don't even have a majority, much less a 2/3's majority. How is that possible?
Glad someone updated you John on what is going on in America.
Who were the 2 dissenters?   I want to know, and WHY??
When are you going to die old man? Why is Russia an enemy? They're not. Sanction Saudi Arabia or defund Israel, Audit the Fed, RUS not enemy
Especially when they are destabilizing the US
Ty ty ty! It just takes courage to stand up
Who are the 2 that voted against the sanctions? <==Real question.
Lybia was a disaster. Take some responsibility.
Thank you for all of your service over so many years. I'm in your debt just as many are. Truly an American hero in so many ways. God bless!
How about sanctioning ourselves? We waste more lives and treasure destabilizing countries (Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, etc) than anyone else.
That's different.  We're bringing freedom to the world.  Bombing people into freedom is noble and just.
I'm glad the Senate is starting to do their job. Now work on Sessions perjury, Obstruction of Justice, voting interference. Defend America.
Like the US never does. Total hypocrisy; ask Qatar.
Now if only we can get the president onboard.  He's remarkably unconcerned about Russian election interference.
That has yet to be determined....
AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL NOT STAND FOR ANYMORE DESTABILIZING OUR AMERICAN DEMOCRACY. STOP THE NONSENSE HATRED DISRESPECTFUL COMMENTARY !#MAGA
Why did 2 hold out? Did you have anything to say to them?
What are they "destabilizing" John?
sure?
Was that message to #Iran and #Russia, or to #Trump?
Who were the two?
You guys go easy on Russia, Putin offered to give Comey amnesty!
Try telling @potus you're messing with his bestie. He's not gonna be happy with that.
Any innocent #Iranian or #Russian lives lost due 2 illegal #sanctions is on you and other politicians. But not that you care. Right? #retire
oh please

the ppl will suffer

the #TrumpRussia global mafia syndicate will continue as usual
But you'll stand by all sorts of other shady activities? Stop interrupting my Senator @SenKamalaHarris she has every right to speak!!
Yes let @KamalaHarris speak. Lord knows her voice wasn't heard all those years she was getting busy with Mayor Willie.
The only message that you are sending is that you are a liberal
It be nice for once if we were not in conflict with Russia. No the Senate pushes us close to war with them. WW3 or nukes.
Quit  putins 
Great job how can we find out who the two traitors are?
Now work to get rid of POTUS!!!
Who cares. Lets start WW3 while we at. Tie up any potus from ending the russia conflict thanks to the senate.
How's about getting behind the POTUS John? That or switch parties and be done with it.Conservative my ass! You embarrass Arizona b ing Flake
Your continued support of draft dodger traitor trump will never be forgotten or forgiven
