W/Speaker @UrbanAhlin on CapitolHill for excellent exchange on importance of transatlantic ties w/@SenJohnMcCain 
Ask them about Trump bank accounts! Time to see those tax returns! We are being robbed!
robbed for 8 years by Obama and you didn't complain then. HE tried to bankrupt our NATION.
Are you willfully misinformed?
talk to the citizens of Sweden. The leaders lie, just like ours. It furthers their own agenda. Citizens don't matter anymore.
Sweden, rape capital of the world.
@bjornly How is the #healthcare coverage in Sweden? @TheDemocrats #ACA
people like McCain need to be stopped.  Our NATION deserves better. Song bird  who ask Russia for money to help him.
you look like you want to be anywhere but there in that picture
Happy to see people still being let in.. Tell me, how is Varmland doing?
did you get the skinny on all the terrorism there?
talk to the citizens, not the leaders. Those affected are the ones who can tell the whole truth.
to my favorite Republican. Okay, maybe second to Lincoln.
retire old man go golfing with obama McCain and Hillary!!!
Biggest cuck competition?
...NWO meeting?
Nice,,lets get to work on the Russian thing
last I heard that so-called Russian thing is looking more like a CIA thing.   You think. Read the release.
I see they survived the Swedish massacre
like all leaders who live behind walls. Citizens pay the price as always.
Support @POTUS!  Graham & you always look like backstabbers in your tweets!
because they are backstabbers. The left keeps their blades sharp and ready. Their lies are showing.
Sweden having tough time with Mid East , Somali refugees . I hope you are attuned to this and not accepting media distortion.
did they give you any pointers on how they do health care?
Refugees saved from "what’s happening last night in Sweden"
Thank the heavens these refugees are safe here among white people
they are safe, but are you. Leaders around the world are risking the security of their own citizens.
Idon;t live in fear
I lock my door, turn on my porchlight, & awareness,
Can;t knock on a door for a dome light left on- shame.
offer them my sincerest sympathies on that tragic ordeal they suffered recently
the leaders do not suffer from their bad decisions. Their citizens pay the price. Just as they do here.
any of friends killed during attacks
From AZ. Thank you for maintaining U.S. foreign relations. Clearly the former (current?) "reality" TV show host can't.
how about a town hall?? We are not going anywhere...
Dear Mr McCain. Just wondering whose side you and Lindsey are on?  Park the bus!
we know the side they and others are in. The side with most green.  They will be expendable if the left wins
You should vote to censure Trump for his baseless claims against Sweden that do real harm.
talk to the Swedish people. Not the leaders who live behind walls.
Please extend our apologies for our insane so-called president. We are also horrified by his behavior & ignorance. #Russia
grow up!
RINO  RETIRE NOW
hope they mentioned how they'd really like us to shoulder our humanitarian burdens
Are they refugees from that horrible Friday night Trump told us about?
Did you get clearance to talk to Sweden?
of course sticking your nose where it for belong. Sweden has problems but you would never address that. Rino
maybe they can take you with them when they leave.
Sweden attack update?
glad they're OK after the attack. Now actually do something on #Trumprussia! @GOP to go down as complicit! #CountryOverParty
Has Trump pissed them off, too?
same #Sweden @realDonaldTrump says is in such despeate straights? #DumpTrump
so they're done clearing up all the mess from immigrants? 
We hav chance to cultivate a generation of conservative values to MAGA.  Dislike POTUS, ok but support the agenda for USA
Ask him how #Sweden handles their national healthcare. We could use some better ideas. #healthcare #ACA #TrumpCare
they weren't held up in customs due to recent terror in Sweden ??
have they recovered form their recent terrorist attack? Asking for your friend @realDonaldTrump
retire John
hope you ask them candidly how Seria refugee influx is affecting them!
you should better ask the syrian refugees got shelter in Sweden, how they feelt being able to flee war
Fixing Trump’s fuckup, I see…
as long as you guys get your agendas and what you want you are willing to run the gauntlet  this is bullshit
Back to Russia, Senator. Demand a complete, open investigation into #Trumprussia. 
War hero. Patriot. Country over Party.
What are u guys waiting on before doing something about this president who clearly is unstable this is irresponsible
irresponsible is what we get from the left. We had 8 years of that. Now we are done being quite. NO MORE LIES
we love the Sweds, and you sir!
Do they know about the Swedish Massacre? Oh ya, were not supposed to take Trump literally. What is up with that, Senator?
traitor, go work for the clinton campaign
I'm sure they hate @POTUS like most of us do.  #shamelessdonaldtrump
tell us why you weren't arrested for soliciting funds from russia? oh and tell folks how u got your nickname songbird...
please have trump investigated
@bjornly @UrbanAhlin @SwedeninUSA Ask them what happened last night
@UrbanAhlin = #SAUDIARABIA Puppet TRICKING #USA #Veterans @HouseVetAffairs Ask McCain Y! @SASCMajority @SASCDems @TeamTrump
haha  Al-Nursa Johnny think he's some kind of world leader, Arizona Senator....Arizona

Ask them to make Uppsala save again
Much safer here. Except Chicago, of course.
it's time to step down... out of touch and outdated-- true war hero but it's time to retire.  #new #republican party #trump
still the songbird. A man that falls to the side that benefits him at the moment.  Right now, it's the left.
r they telling u the truth about the refugees & problems they r having or still lying about it? Nope they can't have r POTUS.
you're able to talk to Swedes' yet Session gets jammed by talking to Russian Amb. And YOU WERE NOWHERE TO DEFEND HIM. sad 
You should move over there.
Happen to ask them how those "immigration" problems are going? I see a lot of clean up from Trump droppings. #ImpeachTrump
resign!
I am sure you stayed away from the Muslim no go zones....for safety reasons. Lmfao
Did you tell them you had to hire an attorney?
Se McCain, I hope you give them our country's condolences for their terrorist attacks.
did you ask them why they cover up all the migrant rapes on their women
so, did they ask you what the hell is going on in an astonished tone?
PLEASE stand up and stop these ATROCITIES that this administration is committing. You call yourself a patriot. Act like one.
did they come to find out about the attacks en Sweden TRUMPY TALKED ABOUT? 
that's great the Dems continue to scream Russia Russia Washingto is not being there for the people fight harder for us please
Are they traitors to their nation too?
happy to see he survived.
what do they think of our new idiotic Healthcare bill? #voteno #fundplannedparenthood
Send them our hopes for a speedy recovery from the terror attacks. God Speed.
