Do you trust Trump with a crisis? You have to remove him before his judgment kills a lot of soldiers that deserve better leadership
YES!
FLASHBACK:  Clinton repeats his warning that if North Korea uses nuclear weapons, it "will be the end of their country as they know it."  
Trump threatened elimination over a threat He's suppose to be tough but he made the red line and Kim flipped Trump off Real Tuff Guy  JOKE
Trump doesn't know anything about diplomacy and won't listen to those who do!
Like the "JV team"? Or the "red line" in Syria? Or smuggling pallets of cash to Tehran mullahs? Or perhaps Benghazi? That type of diplomacy?
I can see your fired up to defend Trump But history will expose one of our parties  and with Trump as your guy I win already
Nothing personal, Tony. Just the facts. And facts are stubborn things.
Prayers sent to you sir!!
You played Arizona .your not what we http://wanted.now  you made a fool out of yourself. .America will not forget .
@SenJohnMcCain do you not think your President @realDonaldTrump is ready to act on his words? This is no longer the Obama administration.
Stop disregarding our President
May the Lord God himself bestow fire on you&mak this world& our president life better!
Hypocrisy of John McCain. Back when he was interviewed about Iran, he sang, " Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran." (Beach Boys, Barbara-Ann)
He can do it but POTUS can not?  Re-elect John McCain. Democrat for the Senate
Can you do something about that crazy POTUS? He's going to get us all killed!

All he cares about is his ego. You will go down as one of the worst senators.need to resign.
@GOP - are you ready yet?

Please stop him!! 

#ImpeachTrump  #NorthKorea

The people voted trump in.  John i do not believe you understand the definition of a good leader. You disrespected the people of America.
John, you said all Presidents should watch what they say. But it's okay for a Senator to sing  Bomb, Bomb, Bomb Iran? #TraitorMcCain
Guessing @realDonaldTrump thinks "walk softly and carry a big stick" is about sneaking uninvited into women's bedrooms #trump
RETIRE.
No thank you. Not interested in hearing what a fraud has to say.
@FoxNews John TY for your Service. I think POTUS is very ready to act on NOKO. I wish you well. Maybe time to retire you keep leaning left.
With all the truth that's out about you, you continue living under a facade of "hero". We know the truth about you. So does the Almighty.
McCain you are such a coward!  When did you turn in to an Obama/Democrat lap dog?
Go away! We don't need your input.
O'h yes,will definitely want to hear more BS from a bitter, envious,man using the American people to "get even" with President Trump. Ugh !
Senator McCain there can only be one POTUS @ a time ... U had your shot (supported U w/ vote and $). Now you should support our President.
McCain bought and paid for by the Rothschilds. Once a traitor always a traitor

Do us all a favor and retire, please! You couldn't be president and your jealous, we get it. But go away already
John, you MUST have had a labotomy recently! Congress is done with you!

Please shut up already.
Are you discussing how you lied to your constituents and betrayed them?
Time to resign John. You sat on your hands while Obama allowed Kim to get nuclear weapons. Then you criticize our president!!! Traitor

No thanks. Go Away
Your voice is appreciated more than you could know. God bless you.
Unless you are telling the great ppl of this country that you are resigning there is nothing you have to say that I want to hear
I heard your interview today and sadly you have nothing to contribute anymore.  You need to retire and soon.  Americans deserve better.
@SenJohnMcCain please try talking some sense into Donald. He's provoking more heartache on the USA. Please stop his madness.
We no longer care what you think or have to say! Stay home, stay quiet and stay out of politics! RINO's no longer needed or welcome!
This should be a law against being 80 years old and still in the Senate.
If we wanted to listen to a Liberal traitor we would be #Democrats like you are. #Arizona is very disappointed. You screwed over THE People.
Nothing but a damn liar, great legacy slick
Nah
Hope you're feeling better soon, @SenJohnMcCain. How much is your deductible?
Incredible all the demoncrats follow you. This shows how corrupted you are
Why discussing anything when the President needs support any you go to demoncrats http://all.love  dobie
McCain delusional geriatric think he has the same power as the President equal.. No sir 65 million American DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU.....
Say John, seriously we need to dump trump before he starts a dam nuclear war. Come on rally your party this guy is fricken dangerous
Nobody wants to hear what you have to say TRAITOR!
You are a RINO!!
Hey Sen, why don't you start supporting the POTUS NOW. North Korea is a major threat now. Enough with fake Russia nonsense!
Not a chance in he--  Better use of my time watching Lucy reruns.
Like you retiring?
#gohomemcCain

Missed it! Hope it was as profound as your last speech on the Senate floor!
I'll listen to mccain on his station, KLIE, all lies, all the time. Brought to you by his party, the dems. You pile!
Senator McCain, I pray for your speedy recovery. God Bless you & your loved ones.
I am http://confused.You  said sanctions not good enough,now you take exception to prez.words.what exactly do you think should be done?
I have every confidence in our military .Am sure they can accomplish what needs to be done when needed.not an empty threat I don't think
Trump is dangerous! He can't control his tweeting/mouth. PLEASE start the process for the 25th amdmt. We need a mentally stable leader.
Goodluck Supermom. #McCain is a traitor, he doesn't care about you. He is an elitist, bought & paid for by the DC #Swamp.
#TRUMP2020
Why don't you do us a favor and just go away. You are a total embarrassment to us vetrans
@ananavarro @POTUS @AC360 @jaketapper @BernieSanders 
get JM involved with Russia. Trump has ZERO EXP
You going to sing for us "SONGBIRD"????
Arizona is finished with you!
Please discuss healthcare and what it will take for you to support your party's plan....
He will never vote for a healthcare plan because it would make the President look good
Only if you're announcing your retirement.
I listened. Thank you. I'm encouraged by the honesty and forthrightness of your comments. I only pray that your votes are as appropriate
My God take a break nobody wants to listen to your b******* it really is getting tiresome
I've heard enough from you RINO!
Hey liberal rhino back the @POTUS and stop stabbing him in the back!
.... You obviously are in trouble that's why you're on all these shows...lolol
@CBS @ussenate @60Minutes @DeanHeller @SenDeanHeller @AC360 @SenWarren @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @TheLeadCNN @LindseyGrahamSC
Bawhahaha hahahaha bawhahaha bawhahaha bawha hahahahahahahaha bawhahaha bawhahaha bawha hahahahahahahaha bawhahaha bawhahaha bawha
More lies like Fusion GPS?
I'll give it s miss
Tell us all about what is feels like to betray our @potus.   Asking for a friend
Probably pretty damn good. Protecting the USA is always a great feeling, I'd think!
We don't care about your interview. You are like a worm. No backbone. Schumer changes how your back stands.
Are you gonna talk about treason?
Wrong!  He is the voice of reason.  You #Trumpanzees have lost your minds!
Well, if Donnie doesn't unleash WW III, we'll listen.

We are done listening to you John.   You have embarrassed yourself and have lost your podium as far as we are concerned.
Thanks for voting NO. Time for impeachment of the lunatic
Uh, NO!
I have not forgot about you, being. for your enduring strength , a fighter over again  of any obstacles through life;  that you will be back
Sen.John McCain of ARIZONA; yesterday Aug.7th, knowingly was #NationaPurpleHeartDay
U r a dictator like stalin, hitler & kim j un - thank God u never became president.
Years ago my Mom was right about you...she said you were in it for yourself not the American people, she was right

Once Trump owed 4 billion dollars to 70 American banks then the Russians helped him,... and the rest is history. 
No one cares commie traitor.
Ooh You can bet this traitor songbird is rooting FOR NORTH KOREA aiming nukes at us. This is your DREAM COME TRUE. You're DONE!

It didn't work.
Hot air and the lies u tell .do what you are payed to do by the tax payer and something done good lord god bless you
Why your a liar why would anyone listen to you
Are you going to open the pow records Hanoi John ?
. All I see in McCain is a Democrat in Republican clothing.
Most All GOP seems to settle down when Real Life hits them. McCain has always been level headed. God has spoken to him.
Songbird. Are you going to talk about your treason and Tokyo Rose recordings. How about you unseal your records. What are u trying to hide?
How about Trump release his, as he promised to do pre-election?


At what pt is Turnip's declassification of information via Twitter putting us in harm's way, & what are you doing about it?
I would agree he's taking us down a dark road.
AND THEN THIS GR8 NEGOTIATOR ESCALATING A CRISIS!
AND THEN THIS PIECE OF SH^T LEAKER!
START WITH THIS!
You betrayed your constituents
Please  discuss how the President failed  his first crisis test.
And wasn't it great?!
Resign already! You have lied to us for last time #RepealObamaCare
The people don't want to hear your lies anymore. Your true colors have been shown
Please announce you are retiring!
