Then modi went there and tapped her on shoulder "well done".
Lord @SenJohnMcCain , so glad to see letter to #DASSK but pls aware of #Rohingyaterrorists use women,kids as #humanshield for violence in st
What's up? Wanna make another ISIS state in South East Asia? Support another "syria of asia"?
Thank you Mr. John McCain but stronger actions are needed
U r a decent man Senator!
Mr.Senator! 
Pls urge Bengali Terrorists to stop killing others. We don't tell any ill stories about Bengali, so you know nothing about us.
You need to use your voice to stop bashing Trump! You're a Never Trump guy! Lay aside your personal feelings and do what's best for America
You'd better come to that area and then you condemn. If you read online page you'll see fake news. Look your presidential election.
While at the same time quietly supporting a plan to repeal the ACA.

Nice.
I hope you have seen a lot seen what's going on Rakine
Thank you Senator! Atrocities is right.
Understand why u ask her to say something. But please know the @MyanmarTribunal found Suu Kyi, NLD and military guilty of GENOCIDE
Nice try. Seems Aung San Suu Kyi has worked out her angle on the Rohingya: fake news! 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/06/world/americas/bangladesh-rohingya-land-mines.html …
#Rohingya
McCain still thinks he beat Obama and HE'S PRESIDENT. 
Thank you, Senator! Her silence has been deafening.
I think hostage may be a word worth considering
Apprapro

Who is responsible for those Rohingya survivals going a be militia. As they don't have right to live as a human in their home.
Dear Senator John McCain.  I have two Sons.  Your Bravery and Courage is truly inspiring. And I hope they follow your record of Service .
Welcome but Get out saying Rohingya, are you accept Terrorist.?

Extremists Buddhist? We never heard about it. You must know the word "jihad " came from what kind of religion.

What language this crowd watching this man burning is speaking?
Well Done. But also US should not be allocating $ for work with #Burmese military at this time. #Sanctions and #peacekeepers and SR 250.
Unbelievable what is happening and nothing gets mentioned about it on the news. Thanks for your interest........
We respect those whom have sacrificed and given of themselves to Country.  Thank you Sen John McCain.  With Respect.
To the cowardly disrespectful remarks read here.  To a Man whom has sacrificed Greatly.  I wish they were sent to me, rather than You, Sir.
Sorry n Thank You. To Sen John McCain.
Violence against anyone because of who they are must be condemned thru out the world. I lend my voice to yours & others a chorus for justice
For the same reasons you don't go speak to Islamic powers there?  She would be arrested, tortured and murdered for her speaking out.
Obama & HRC let that same evil into USA. Bcs of Islamic Sharia law in USA will cause Americans to revolt against them. We won't allow it.
See. They are here for your grandkids and to take over. And you attempt to tell other people how to handle it. Worry and USA first.
I like your words!!
U have gall. Ur entire 'career' proved to be a worsening humanitarian crisis. The family Admirals (dad;grandad) saved u from court martial.

Whose voice should we use to condemn the atrocities of YOUR "moderate" rebels i.e. Isis, against the Syrian people?
America First. Support the POTUS. People need and deserve HealthCare. People in North AZ need clean water to drink and a Oncology Service.
We all make decisions we regret, like I regret voting for you several times.

USA 1st John, support Trump... or resign now!
You are absolutely right.
Resign. Go away. Sorry I voted for you
Could you urge her to use her remarkable voice to condemn your atrocities against middle class Americans, small businesses & veterans?
And if her remarkable voice is anything like your remarkable voice, then she will furrow her brow, say stuff, but do diddly squat
That's what Heroes do. My 13 year old Grandson says so. 

IN AMERICA, against clean air, against our Allies, against the Democrat Party, against the Republican Party,Please use your remarkable voice
against the immigrants, against, American workers, against the poor, against the sick, against Doctors, against Hospitals, against EVERYONE
negative atrocities against our Constitution, against the American people, against our children against the DREAMERS, against the tax payers
Well unfortunately she did not listen...
As you have asked them to use their "remarkable voice" I would like you to use your remarkable voice to stop POTUS from committing any more
I look at the Middle East…and the corruption it took to make these wars happen and the atrocities that followed…you're counted as degenerate
U r an amazing man. I so wish you were POTUS!  Thank u for all u do.
Do the right thing on healthcare- we need you to stick with  previous vote -we deserve the same healthcare you got.
Weren't you his boy friend in Vietnam.
RETIRE!  YOU STRUM TO A DIFFERENT DRUM.  Oh, by the way, you lost.  You aren't & never will be President.
Hello @SenJohnMcCain 
Rohingya are innocent pepole.So you must help them.They need guns to kill buddhist.
Retire!
You can pay their air fare to Canada
WAR MONGER 
Just One Vote!!
Despicable  Contemptible, Loathsome, Hateful, Detestable, Reprehensible, Abhorrent, Abominable and a Democrat
When usa government or congress officially sending letter to Myanmar for human rights violation and what about trade embargo?
I wish it was little harsher but at least u raised your voice for justice and that is great
Thank you for being a decent human being!
You really should hire proofreaders in the future. Obviously one case where you may have actually not used writers; dementia kicking in.
Telling someone else to speak out is hypocritical. Follow words with action.  Act to support the Mueller investigation.
Thank you senator that was much needed
You're just ticked because he's actually making you put a bill on his desk to sign into law. That *is* your job, Senator. Do it!
always worried about americans last!!
Your Not The President John Boy, get back to DC and do what your paid to do. SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP
Arent you supposed to be the voice of arizona?  Urge yourself from office pmease
No words for terrorist.Are you want to accept Rohingya terrorist in your countr?.Human right must look both side.Shame on you.
Just what we the people voted for once again pardoned for treason guy
i think your tumor is affecting your priorities

WTF is this "them" "ours" bullshit. People are literally suffering and you're here saying "they are not our ethnic". They are humans!
What do you know of  atrocities of Islam. Indonesia has fallen, Thailand next. You sit in yr gated coomunity in safety from Islams brutality
Wow..people are being burned alive and most responses are political jabs from a bunch of idiots. Shame

please step down. please retire. #draintheswamp
WOW!!!
Use your voice 2 protect weak/innocent & stop military from forcing enlistment then raping 14,000+ in 2016 enabled w/$84 million n viagra.
@Malala , strange bedfellows indeed
Where the hell were YOU AND FLAKE when ARIZONA was condemned as the WORST STATE for VETS??? YOU are NO HERO!
What about Rohingyas' atrocities against Buddhists & other Burmese [Myanmarese] nationals? Is it allowed under the rules? If yes what rules?
you can address them as well for the world to see, you seem to be the only one who knows about those atrocities!
I wish you would go home and never return
Who gives a shit! We got our own problems not that u care! U r the type of ppl we don't need leading our country! first!
Woohoo, John you are the man!  #traitortrash doesn't even begin to describe you.
@SenJohnMcCain aka songbird no one cares what you have to say buddy
OMG. ENOUGH Brutus. Fix the ills in our country first. Obama Care, taxes, immigration, hurricane relief... RETIRE contrarian octarian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB2lh6N0m4w …
rock and a hard place. She's a woman leader in a misogynist tribal culture.
Hard to ignore a letter with such great fonts, spacing, and even a border
"Yesterday, I did NOT urge @POTUS to use his gratingly awful voice to condemn the atrocities he is committing against brown & poor people."
Did she respond?
Hey John maybe work in issues here in the Good Ole USofA like we pay you to??? #MAGA
John go away....tired of your PR staff always trying to glorify you with our tax dollars
Look who's calling the kettle black!!
Wait..... nope, don't have a cookie for you
Oh good. You did your part then John.  Such a strong leader.
Thanks
FOR WHAT???  KEEPING OBAMA CARE??? GET A LIFE!!!
Thank you for bringing these atrocities to light.  @OfficialSuuKyi needs to be more forceful in helping them.
Her silence has been shocking.
What is the actual condition?  Would Aung San Suu Kyi report that this was a misinformation campaign were that true?
We condemn any violence and I hope you also condemn terrorist act done by Bengali so-called Rohingya to the security forces
One of the sane voices in US senate expressed his concern regarding worsening Humanitarian crisis in Myanmar.
2- get attack by these peace full Muslim and killing everywhere in the world don't you see them
Got some inside pull still SongBird?
Liar.
вам ли говорить о правах человека? Не Вы ли лично убивали детей?
Every Time when These F**** Muslim get attacked you start to cray and giving your bullshit view ! There are 100s of other religious people
Mr McCain you are a selfish man! @POTUS you've been playing you care politics and no love for American.  Your family rolling in their grave.
But she can't muster courage to condemn such acts of violence.
Is this a democracy for which she had fought?
America has lost our moral authority. We must impeach Trump and clean house so that America can once again be a beacon of freedom and hope.

Don't forget the senator who never had a girlfriend

2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He [1/2]
became poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
Romans 3:23-24
for all have sinned and #fall #short of the #glory of #God, being justified freely by His #grace through the [1/2]
#redemption that is in #ChristJesus, [2/2]
Are you only a republican bot?
2 Peter 3:9
The #Lord is not slack concerning His #promise, as some #count #slackness, but is longsuffering toward us, [1/2]
not willing that any should perish but that all should come to #repentance. [2/2]
