@luv69 The U.S. Needs a strong military! We need educated, professional men&women! Our military is in need of a budget&new policies! During
Your tenure serving under every former president, we have enemies,genocide, war crimes,  inappropriate conduct, military budget cuts,
Murdered&Ambushed CIA&Millitary! Why President Trump approach of communicarions with both  Russia&North Korea is a problem? Should he not
Look for peace?The loss of life, thru many wars,  has not ended other wars! It appears that the same problems exists! The U.S.does not  Look
Like Humanitarians!Why are our Military in Afghanistan,Why are people suffering in Venezuela?Why so many civilians loss their lives in IRAQ?
Or is IRAN? The article the "Quoron"! Clinton passed the best Laws in MA for expectant mothers, it is associated with the , that is known
To fund wars! Our Most recent CIA agent was murdered in Houston TX, where my babies, that were created via the black market  ringare! Why
No concern for the crisis that we are in? When will the U.S. members take action that will lead to Growth&Prosperity? Who is working on
@SenJohnMcCain had an obligation to make sure Vets in Arizona didn't die waiting for care. He failed them. Still worst VA in USA.
Yes, don't waste money on a wall!!
Where were you durning the
Obama years??? 
 .   Now your talking
McCain, you voted for sequestration and now act like you had nothing to do with hollowing-out our forces. Drain the Swamp. We support @POTUS
Stop increasing defense spending already! Invest in research and science and technology!
. Reduce defense spending - spend on healthcare and technology ! @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
How can you stay silent while millions of Americans lose their health cover and millionaires get a tax break?
You need to read further and update yourself. Don't allow crazy old Peo.osi to generalize and then take it as the gospel.
You do realize that being a woman will be a pre-existing condition?
not
W/Trump destabilizing the world, we need strong military. Risks abroad r NOTHING compare 2 risks at home. Like heroin & need for Healthcare.
cyber is the future of war and where more money needs to get spent.
Yes, and don't we have an obligation stop laws that take away Americans health care. The American people are under attack from politicians
Yes. Btw thanks for noting the REAL reason for defense spending reductions. Paul Ryan blames everything on 'Obama'.
Um. We spend more on on military than any nation.... by far. That's not underfunded.
So to hell with the thousands of veterans #Trumpcare will screw over huh? I can barely remember when I thought you were respectable. Sad. =(
Veterans can get health care from the VA.
Why? You won't protect Americans with Health Care why the hell care if they're attacked? We, the American Veterans are ashamed of you.
Also have an obligation to help the sick and the poor get health care
UNDER-FUNDED?!  Military Budget is more than 3 times anybody else's!
And YOU want MORE?!  Seriously, John?  Really?
John, u need to go. Your nerves are shot! Calm down, deep breath. We need 2 support our military, but need funds 2 do so. Cut other nonsense
Thanks to GOP, rich get richer, poor get sick and die.  Shame on GOP for lying and promoting war & fat insurance companies to get richer.
We have enough military
the dems dont care about our military
Here's an idea. Stop sending them there you war mongering old fellow!!
you have become a joke. Stop side skirting the real issues that affect us.
Planet John, come in, Planet John.  U just sold out to private equity in healthcare.  GREAT news for me, but at what cost?
healthcare is important too you know
You have an obligation to serve the interest of the people of the USA But you have ceded that obligation to your criminal president.
What about having a complicit, or unwitting russian pawn in WH?
merit a look?
Exactly, remember that? I think we have pledged plenty for the military
Well, only crazy king Trump to blame
Go home and let a younger conservative take over.
Release the Secretary of Army, why @SenJohnMcCain holding a faithful Christian?
Let's stop reducing taxes on those who can afford it.  We need healthy Americans before we need bullets and ships!
Whether BBEDCA-1985, OBRA '90, or Budget Control Act of 2011...if you can't see the fruit of your own cultivation, who are we to help you?
First you must stop this dreadful AHCA. And if you do pass some form of it, NO exemptions for the elitists in DC like there is now. Shame!
Why would a person join a Military - GOP are going to close 1100 VA locations.  Writing on wall being written @CamiAnnS
It's not important what you say any longer.... unfollow
Think @realDonaldTrump has funding for military covered, or don't you follow him? It's pretty much election win, fake news & $ for military
Within minutes of passing a bill to repeal the ACA,Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) took to the Senate floor to pronounce the bill all but dead.
we won't need a military without healthcare. We will be dead
Yes
Why is healthcare and well being of Americans is less important than missiles?
Please get your eye on the ball. Your party just clearly said they don't care as much about the sick and poor as tax cuts for the wealthy.
I can't wait to see all the wars YOU try to get us into when this funding is approved. #WarMonger #WarHawk #Retire #Traitor #NoOneTrustsYou
Don't you have an obligation to stop the mad @realDonaldTrump @potus from doing further damage to the country?
Senator, ENOUGH ALREADY, we spend more on defense than the next 7 nations combined, 5 of which are allies. Reduce debt, fund health care.
What party forced the sequestration...yep, your party.
Nope, Military was only meant to be funded heavily for a 2 year period, not over 10 years in a WORTHLESS never ending war in the Middle East
Enjoy the beer you assbags! https://www.facebook.com/bernie.slaughter/posts/10156125777548957 …
We have an obligation to get the Russians out of the White House and give all Americans Affordable Health Care
John it can never be enough. GOP is running out of people to screw over!
Didn't republicans initially do sequestration? Isn't this your fault? Do something about Trump Russia.
I am so disappointed in the GOP. May the GOP lose in November 2018. Unfortunately it won't make up for the suffering & deaths of Americans.
You started this McCain. You going to blame the Democrats now, like the House has been doing? Please set an example & stop partisanship!
Amen.   GOP dropping ball on that for years.  Reagan is rolling in his grave.
I hope you are planning on retirement because if this health care fiasco becomes law you and FLAKE are unemployed!
Good! The military needs to have its funding cut.
Don't we have an obligation to stop that crap health bill?  Think of all. That's why your there. If you forgot how retire.
Work it out with the President, then go "Make it Happen", Senator.
RETIRE !!!!!....PLEASSSSSSSE !!!!!!
You better vote no on the NAZI care. #TrumpRussia #IMPEACH45NOW 
#TrumpDeathCare 
#TrumpRussia
You have an obligation to stop undermining the Trump Administration and support Trump and Pence all the way.
You have obligation to mitigate volatile situations, preventing necessity to utilize military resources. Focus on prevention vs treatment
Republicans celebrating n the Rose Garden was the most sickening cruelest thing to watch! Stripping the sick poor and veterans of healthcare
more people will die from lack of healthcare than a military that is at 90% of "optimal" funding level. #VoteNoAHCA
If sequestration continues ALL departments will remain underfunded.
I remember when u used 2 put country over party. What happened 2 that McCain. #ComplicitGOP #TrumpCare #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Is this were YOUR  priority are defence didn't you just get money are you that out of touch or just don't care senator ??????
You do know that if the Senate makes this a law the GOP are done! You all did see those town hall meetings right?
So NO the military doesent need my healthcare money for defence quit trying to svare the PEOPLE from not looking at the bill just passed (
They just passed a bill that will give the elite tax breaks and us poor people the shaft and all you can do is ask a question to scarepeople
RUSSIA.
You have an obligation to strive for world peace not world war-loll. Wake up and quit warmongering. We all know wealthy GOP profit from war
STUPED bill that was just passed now what you need more money before you stand up for AZ and protect my healthcare why ask your party (
we got to use easier words, I don't know how "sequestration" even applies here , even after looking it up 3 times
John McCain is a liar and a man that gives away American war machines for free we get no compensation for it and he wants to do more
You've an obligation to defend our country against the traitor and his cronies in the White House... unless you are also one of the cronies.
You have an obligation to protect my healthcare SIR nothing is as important to me than that SIR now do your job and vote against this (
Who gives a damn about that when your damn party in the House just pushed a bill allowing sexual assault victims to be thrown off insurance!
THANKS FOR LOVING PUTIN TRAITOR
Senator McCain, you approved replacing Jeeps with Humvees, the B2 Fifty State Program, and the J-35 Trillions Overbudget Fighter.

Shut it.
You wanna talk about sequestration today? After your party in the House stuck it up the ass of every average American? No.
As McCain softens his tone on #Trump, the State Dept considers giving his wife a job http://apnews.com/10f31799021749 … via @AP. #Corrupt
You need to stop Donald Trump from moving us towards war with No Korea.
Mr.Senator will u show u this nice photo with terrorist  in senate #AbuMccain
Where have you Been? On Mars
The only republican I had faith in is now falling for DT to get wife a job. Why??
Your idea to begin with
Obligation isn't unlimited, to 'all' challenges. Military role beyond ensuring defense-of-country can be limited in balance with other needs
I read this thread, John. Looks like ur antics have caused you to be hated by Conservatives, Republicans, Dems+extremists. Wow. Buh Bye now.
Today, thanks the House, many pts I work with are very scared. Pls, reaffirm no discrimination for pre existing conditions.
How can you say our military is underfunded when we spend more than a majority of countries?
We spend more than ANY other Country and more than most of the 1st world COMBINED. Yet can't afford to help pay for people's health care.
I hope you are retiring because you will be out of a job 2018
I would think so, of course I would also think that the house/senate/congress would stop Trump from his idiocy. Guess not
Senator McCain, please put country over party Is it all you care about military spending $1.2 B per day while 24 MM lose healthcare
Our military spending as a % of GDP is far higher than any other country.  We don't need more $, we need to spend the military budget wiser.
.???.
Vote No on Trump Care 2.0.  400,000 vets and millions of Americans use Obamacare.
cut the Pentagon in half get rid of half the generals etc ...
BS
What is going on with Trump Russia Investigation.  Why are Trumps people secretly meeting with Russians, then lying about it ?
We have an obligation not to send our people to war as a deflection.
Well maybe all you rich folk could take the money you stole from healthcare to pay for more war. Who needs to see a dr we got bombs to drop!
You bet, Senator.  Sequestration is a stupid Republican idea.  A smart & Free People do not tie their wrists when challenged by so many
Rumor has it the Orange A-hole is eyeing your wife up for a WH job. is this why you remain silent today
Hopefully, he won't grab her p***$
muh troops. military socialism.
We spend too much money on military.  More than all other countries combined.  Remember Eisenhower's warning, military industrial complex
John McCain he should step down as a senator because you're no good at it
well John McCain if you stop giving away 2300 humvees  tanks trucks ammunition for free to Iraq now you want the tax payer to let u do more
@KirkNason McCain has jumped right ahead and most everyone else is still on ACS, etc.
You had an obligation to stop Donald Trump too, can anybody trust you after your flip flop?
Exactly
Great! Then they can be just as screwed as the rest of us, since you people took our healthcare
seems like there are unfortunately bigger things happening today. I don't disagree but kinda bad timing.
Watching Special Operations Command; Armed Services Committee ; Sen. John McCain
From Earlier today!!!
Ask your Democrat ftiends!!!!
John keep pushing our militry is aurson.
How bout the health of Americans? A sick person doesn't care if the USA can't afford to build an aircraft carrier!
600 billion you get and we are always unprepared according to you?
So there must be tons of waste you should prob fix before asking for even more $ right?
Well, John, Republicans like yourself should never have forced Obama and the Democrats to have to propose sequestration in the first place.
We the American people have a obligation to stop you swamp dwellers
Had an obligation to America on healthcare. How did that work out??

#putinscockholster  I just love that
Haven't you been in Congress long enough?
Complaining about junk you helped to set up. 
I want my 2008 vote back!!
You have an obligation to not give a YUGE tax cut to the top 1% and represent all Americans
At this point, I'll settle for him representing the best interests of Arizonans. #SoMuchFail
Sequestration???  I have been too occupied with ACA/AH WHATEVER.  Are you the only one moving on?
Here's a list of nations that presently pose a threat to the Constitution of the US:
You forgot one. The USA.
right! U.S. Military is underfunded, that is gotta be the funniest joke i have heard in a while. keep it up. :-)
We could lose South Vietnam!
Do you agree with McCain or me here?
Your washed up !!! Thanks for your service time for you to go to pasture !
That's a lie
Military sequestration is awesome. Americ's military is far too bloated lready.
