LOOSER
Let's all thank him and his bravery..... the POS!
You would think that facing your own mortality, you would have some remorse. Remember the faces of Americans you screwed, for your own gain.
From corruption … to corruption …

Please, craven revenge seeker against @realDonaldTrump screwed his party, his constituents and lied about his repeal promise.  Unreliable.
https://www.conservativereview.com/pdf/300071.pdf 
No he actually leader is swamp
McCain votes with the Democrats so now you love him. Simple as that. He voted the way he actually campaigned you never write this. Hypocrite
Well said!
40 years of blowing hot air....Time for McCain to retire and bring in fresh non-establishment leaders. #DrainTheSewer #JohnMcCain
No he doesn't,thwartsALL Const.Cons bills,spits @AmPPL.He isDemLEFToperative,mole& leaker&sabotages#Trump &OUR AGENDA BC he#NeverTrumper !
It would be a boon if our @POTUS would make an attempt to do the same.
Retire
Hard to disagree with a guy who will be dead soon - life expect only 12 months - good luck john
Funny how you screwed over the rest of the nation with your Drama Queen Theatrics of the "No" vote and now pimp your own accolades.
Hi I'm John McCain - When I need medical services, I use private plans: but....
You veterans should use the VA
America should use Obamacare
Then you stabbed us in the back! From what I hear you have been doing that in both the senate and during your military career. Consistent
Is this meant to be a f'n  joke??

YES
You all disgust me. He is a POW hero. He may have different views than I, but TO HELL with all that cast stones without mutual sacrifice!
He just the cat's meow.
And here's something else for you to read @SenJohnMcCain, @LindseyGrahamSC @DeanHeller  @SenAlexander  
Lift us all. http://www.stonekettle.com/2017/08/the-later-days-of-better-nation-part-iv.html?m=1 …
Yeah, #SongBirdMccain lifted the rock of the Senate and we all got see who the cock roaches really are!
The only thing you should be hitting is the call bell at a retirement center.  RINO
This is such a good read it says error 503 so u knw the Internet dont want us reading
Senator McCain thank you seems too small. You've stepped into a breach that is deep, wide & dangerous. May you influence @SenateMajLdr
No he doesn't!
He needs make his party position Democrat he sides with them not Republicans #resign #DrainTheSwamp #embarrassment
McCain's big CON JOB!!!
crazier by the day!
The speech will go down in history books along with Clair Engle's eye gesture as a crucial moment for our Democracy.  Thank you, Senator.
McCain lied to the good people of Arizona for their votes. Lied to the American People Proved that he is a liar-unethica-broke OathOfOffice

ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
He was also the stooge for the Dems to give Fusion GPS' fake Russian dossier credibility. McCain has lost all credibility!
McCain ran on repeal!! He had 7 years to negotiate with the libtards! The libtards said no! Hope he wakes up to reality soon!
Out mean dam Democrats
How much did you pay @thehill to write this piece of fiction?
I know!
Nice try but very wrong. McCain means I am stuck w/ a card that costs more & drs/hosp don't accept. Face financial ruin if serious illness.
He's a traitor and liar
He lifted the Senate right into the toilet.
McCain lifts the Senate and plops it right on American Citizens' backs. Do we have enough Republicans to vote to censure this guy?
he is a disgrace to the country and embarassment and a disgrace
No, he doesn't.
About time moderates take back power from the fringy extremists on both sides of the aisle.
Yep  right off toilet seat and into the sewer @SenateMajLdr
@SenJohnMcCain let's not forget John McCain funded terrorists "rebels" in Syria. This man is responsible for thousands of deaths
How?looks to me like they have the worst approval ratings ever.
Your stumping for VOTES! But you have lost most of your constituents! Say good by and retire traitor!
hahahahahahahahahahaha fake news
You deserve every bit of praise in this article. Loved you then and love you still! Who knew a Lamb could put up such a fight, yes?

Guy can barely walk, nevermind lift anything
McCain you're not the following type.
You play the obstructionist on the repeal and replace
McCain has not lifted the Senate, just dragging it down the rabbit hole.
Has anyone reported what McCain asked POTUS for his yes vote? Wonder why POTUS said no?
John McCain is a self-serving turncoat.  He's a vicious vendetta, anti-Trump liar.
McCain is a fool! He had 7 years to negotiate with the libtards! Hope he wakes up soon! It's like he is on some bizarre mind altering drugs!
Makes me wonder if after his diagnosis he's concerned about his legacy?

No, no, no, no. He is part of the degradation of the senate. The guy is a patsy
Lifts is to where?
I hope @SenateGOP will admit the principal role that McConnel has played in destroying congressional norms. GOP needs a new Majority Leader.
[LOL ! Now I know you lost your mind.]
Stop it.
Nor saying much, a mangy dog would lift this conglomeration of dick heads
...lol
Please save America! It's under attack
Under attack by the crybaby left.


*onto the shelf.
