When are you drawing up articles of impeachment?
For what / hurt feelings ?
Nope, gross incompetence with potential treason.
Vote Dr. Kelli Ward for Arizona Senator @kelliwardaz Will repeal and replace Obama care
Halt Obama agents' drugging workaholic political foe to mislead Congress she's a lazy addict, is a duty -
- duty of local law enforcement that Obama unlawfully obstructed
To expose Obama's scams on Congress, start with Congress subpoenae agents to testify on drugs they used--
-- to mislead Congress
till then, grossly misled public media via videos falsified deliberately,render true democracy impossible
To further cover of this scam on Congress, Obama feigned "rehab" scam on Congress, media, many rescuers.
Sen Collins was & is a major target of Obama's rehab scam to cover up his massive use of chemical weapons
Countless young & old citizens were & are deeply duped targets of this scam.
REALLY?  USA long past needing simply hard workers. We used to get the cream of the world, not anymore. RETIRE!!
What Republican reads the Times. It is radical leftist fake news!
Not if there taking American jobs you Flake. Quit being at hypocrite and support your coutry
Looking forward to @kelliwardaz defeating RINO @JeffFlake in 2018 and being a thorn in your side.
LEGAL Immigrants!!!!

Is Obama racist? He agrees with Trump. Wanting illegals gone is not about race. #EndDACA #MAGA #RedNationRising  https://twitter.com/BLVCLVBEL/status/905840284419940353/video/1 …
What about black people and whites people they know how to work too. I call your tweet racist
What John McCain is really saying is he needs Cheap. Labor
Flake bragging about using an illegal to do back breaking work on the family ranch?  Didn't warm my heart, it made me sick. He's a user.
Being famous is not the same as being right! We need jobs for American citizens.
We need real conservatives to roll back DemocRats progressive policies after years of Obama, Reid & Pelosi!  Being a RINO doesn't do job
#RINOs
With McCain Flake Graham the GOP actually lost the election They have actually made Schumer the real majority leader in the Senate
Both of you Rino's will be leaving Senate soon and Arizona will get some real Republican replacements to push Pres Trump agenda thru
#MAGA #onevote

I am the son of LEGAL immigrants, they worked hard to become citizens and respected the laws of this great country.  What don't u get?
EVERY BODY HAVE AN OPINION, BUT WE HAVE LAWS, THEY ARE NEW, THEY NEVER NEEN USED.
Something u have never done! Everything has been given to u! Father & grandfather brought respect to McCain name, NOT you!
#DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits #traitors
Fantastic article and one that deserves consideration when emigrants are concerned.
thanks for sharing :0) now please get rid of @realdonaldtrump #TrumpResign #TrumpResign nothing means nothing till he is gone #Resistance
Stop promoting and get back to work or better yet please retire
Yes, Jeff and John, you must both have "servants" working for you while denying citizens work.  Shame on you for exploiting poor people.
well said. Please remove dangerously unfit and unwell pres before he goes completely off the deep end. He is not able to do any part of job
Jeff u r not n touch with the citizens.Citizens work hard pay taxes 4 what. Less rights than illegal aliens. Stop the lies tell the truth.
Depressing wages for Americans is not a solution. Businesses need to pay decent wages to attract workers, not import cheap labor.@SenateGOP
This is right on target. There is not enough understanding of these issues.
Still pushing to put illegals before AMERICANS! Disgusting! Deport ALL illegals! STOP IMPORTING RADICALS!
oh yeah,nyt and jeff flake and mccain. all terrorists that hate america.  sure ill read that
You both are Flakes Senator
Jeff Flake is an enemy of the State. He is an establishment globalist and a supporter of the Marxist Leftist Antifa. Flake must be defeated.
Jeff Flake is a lying scumbag--ran as a Conservative. Americans are sick and tired of liars---time forFlake to go!! Vote him out AZ!!
And his book is excellent. (Kudos from an unaffiliated, mostly Democratic, but Straight Talk supporter.)
Both of you will be voted out of office! #MAGA #TrumpsArmy #TrumpTrain
Thanks John Mc Traitor! Unfortunately for us in AZ you will be around a day too long!
Not a chance would I put $ in Flakes bank or yours for that matter.

So true. Keep speaking wisdom Senator McCain.
Then get 45 out John
Now the ability to lie with a straight face thats a skill !!  one usually one employed regularly  by used car salesmen and politicians !!
Working hard not a skill !! its an expectation of yourself and repayment to  an employer a skill ,something learned that features knowledge
HC mandate injured families, jobs & emboldened insurance companies. Congress passed law/tax $ pay their premiums! Call ur Senator/TAX REFORM
How about you start working for the country.
And working hard is not a skill lol. You either work hard and eat or not and go on welfare. Joker
Will you two "buddies" switch parties already. Enough of this 
@dochunts Little Johnny
The US does NOT need immigrants, ILLEGAL FELON ALIENS !
Hire American's to build American made products & Services !
They need to be vetted, John. NOT open borders.
Who is tweeting for you, John?
Or maybe McCain doesn't actually care who has a job as long as he still gets his support from Soros? Personal agenda more important right?
Maybe John McCain hasn't spoken to Americans who would work hard but the jobs are given to immigrants who also receive federal aid from Gov
So is John McCain implying that Americans will not "work hard" so we need to allow any immigrants into our country bc Americans won't work?
We need to worry about Americans first enough with immigrant bullshit
You still want open borders? How much you and FLAKE getting from the CARTEL? TRAITOR!
Fair assessment but some immigrants only work hard to get on subsistence welfare food stamps housing Medicaid
Please retire
What? America has millions of people w/special skills. Problem s, boneheads n DC allowed Co. to replace w/cheaper #H2BVISA #OutSourced
The great American Menace speaks.
You and Flake are the Olympia Snow & Susan Collins of the west.
Jeff Flake will be removed in 2018, and if we are fortunate there will be divine intervention to rid the #American people of you, John.
That's nasty  ..
remove racist.lawmakers! FORCE OUT @SenJohnMcCain KKK member, holding back Hispanics saying they are for farm labor only
and depicting them in a low skill farm position isnt racist...you KKK mofo
I strongly support @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlake.   Would love to see Jeff in the 2020 Presidential election.  Not a "Trump Republican."
The crops are rotting. I guess Trumps racist supporters didn't really want the jobs the Mexicans took from them.
Here in Mexico we haven't this trouble, our people don't fear the hard work of working under the sun to crop vegetables.
U.S. citizens will work if we take them off welfare. Advocating cheap foreign labor to enrich employers at my tax expense = unpatriotic.
Senador Jeff es un hombre que tiene respecto for all peoples who haves el respecto para los Derechos (the rights) Humanos de cada persona
Wow! @JeffFlake so great to hear you speak so kindly about Manuel. This too is another great American story.
Can 2 idiots step on a rake at the same time? "Swamp Critters McCain & Flake say open up border, U.S. workers won’t work hard enough" #MAGA
That's the best reason for people not to vote for him! Thank you for this endorsement!
America would have been better served if you stayed oversees.
You're a traitor trying to promote another traitor!  #resign please!

Are we going to get the Twitter birthday-wish machine from District 9? 
You are a shame to Arizona
I read it I hate it: short sighted: is that good enough for you John.
And we need you to get the f out of D.C. You are a turncoat!
We need to have you vote for repeal and replace obamacare
산에 나는 약초두세가지씩 진하게 달인 물을 맥주 마시듯이 자주 드세요. 오랫동안... 회복이 더 빨라집니다.
America needs more LEADERS like Trump who put #AmericaFirst and not TRAITORS who want foreigners to replace Americans.
How would you know what hard work is? You n your buddies are in a corner sharing hate stories on our Pres.
So they must all go every status anything slavery Luther King street to is racist to whites
Inappropriate to prompt or books for profit in this arena #tacky
sucking up to the #veryfakenews isn't going to make them like you...retire would ya? Just go away and take Mittens with you.
Thanks for doubling down. We want him gone and you are a huge help
McCain quoting a fake news story to bolster his standing among who, not me. He is was and forever be a traitor and a fraud
Wrong
I like this guy more each day.
Harvard Prof Borjas shows that immigration is transferring 1/2 trillion $/year from US working people to elites:
Meanwhile illegal immigration has been increased to snail pace of 15 yrs for family members meanwhile 11M illegal immigrants crossed border
No thanks, I wouldn't read anything from either 1. We will think about it after there's no one homeless in our country & every1 has a job.
We need new Senators in Arizona, not wannabe liberal darlings
Why I don't like Sen. Flake.
We need u n mccain out of office
I guess you don't have that skill
You are a TRAITOR McCain!
Such a Shister 
Husckster You 

Little EVIL Man!

Move to an Island 
& go to Bed !!!!!!!!
Not sure I'd use the word skill, hard work is often instilled by family values. And in Arizona, Mexican immigrants I've known wk very hard.
Knowing how to do manual labor quickly & correctly is a skill.

Workers still come into the country legally with visas and do plenty of those jobs. Don't act like it's only unskilled illegals doing them.
Hey john do you have any idea how many people really hate your guts? Is this the way you imagined you would die? RESIGN save some respect.
Excellent article and I agree  but our voices are meaningless unless we change the POTUS.
You know what would be a good "Must read" your resignation from the @GOP and accepting your pussy hat with the Dems
We need LEGAL immigrants. Those who obey the laws and sovereignty of the United States.
Go to bed #Songbird
ANYONE WHO WORKS HARD FOR A  8 HOUR DAY DESERVES TO HAVE A GOOD WAGE AND SHOULD BE ABLE TO FEED HIS FAMILY!
You tweeting about Flake is a sure way that he will lose his reelection bid. Keep up the good work McCain!!
a skill undervalued by business in america unfortunately...
Cashed another check, did you John?
Working hard is not a skill....

Did @JeffFlake family pay Manuel at least minimum wage and pay social security taxes on his behalf? Immigration or exploitation? @POTUS
Tic toc tic toc tic toc..........
Traitor song bird!
Traitor!
I wonder who @JeffFlake used to ghost write this one for him ?
Damn right! My father came over on the bracero program from Mexico and working hard was his skill!
And a deep catholic faith!
I am absolutely agree with you!And we need a man like you as our President! Senador John McCainDr. Blanka Yanes
I hate to break it to you GOPe but slavery is illegal....
Thank you! Any endorsement by the singbird only helps to boost Dr. @kelliwardaz - She is best qualified to work FOR Arizona and America!
If you use your state work force their are a lot of legal Americans looking for jobs. Lame excuse for hiring illegals.
I hope Kelli is packed & ready for a move to D.C.!!
Keep talking John. AZ can't wait for & Flake to be voted OUT! @kelliwardaz will actually be a conservative rep for the voters!
Kelli will be a good change for Az
Keep tweeting Senator; you are doing a great job of torpedoing Flake right back to Arizona.
The picture is literally of 2 people sitting on their ass but the caption says hardwork is a skill! You can't help this kind of stupid #MAGA
"working hard is a skill" That makes about as much sense as your war record.
Pin head we don't need you!
My dad was a machinist tool die inspector. A job I heard can't be done in U.S. because no one can be trained for it !
Dems/RINOs make same sick argument southern slave owners did, "Who's gonna pick our crops if our slaves are gone?"
Every time this jerkoff opens his mouth he gives people more reason to vote for Kelli Ward
There is no skill required to work hard any half wit can do that, as I sure you can testify to!
Bullshit, Crash, working hard is not a skill. Being trained and experienced in a technical field is having a skill.
You two are on your last AZ nightmare terms!  No more Soros owned & operated FAKES! AZ IS DONE WITH YOU BOTH!
Flake is done. And so are you. People are sick of your liberal BS. How does it feel to be unmasked and go out as traitors?
Funny how the positive responses #McCains tweets get are from lefties and #Dems. The #GOP voters cannot stand the sight of him
We need people the taxpayers don't have to support. Shouldn't he be having that brain cancer removed or was the whole thing a lie?
Well well well. I agree we need ppl with skill and hard working. When you going to resign so we can actually get someone like that.
@SenJohnMcCain we need politician with brain, just to begin with. Ur dream come true. Bomb Bomb Bomb ##RadicalIslamicTerrorism #SyrianArmy
Nope - @JeffFlake is a rino, dumbocrat in disguise as a Republican, We in AZ reject his lib views and FAKE personna
If #FlaketheSnake had any insight he would distance himself from #McCain. HAHA either way we vote em both out. @kelliwardaz for #Senate
God bless President Trump he will be in office for 8 yrs...and God will take care of you.
A demitasse would fit both your heads like a sombrero
Why were @ChrisMurphyCT   @SenJohnMcCain involved in the EuorMaidan revolution meting with the leader of Neo-Nazi Svoboda
Flake a goner!
Please replace McCain with immigrant with 'skills'
No thanks.. I won't read anything recommended by a loser,traitor, or pedofile lover or pedofile.
@KelliWardAZ is not a flake
You Globalist minion supporting Flake is exactly why we need @kelliwardaz . Given your corrupt history, please retire immediately.

America has MANY Americans out of work! I'm from AZ and many places do not pay enough to live on! I'm sorry I voted for you two now.
Slow Learner
Hope you get voted out soon! You are in no way a conservative in our eyes.
What about cultivating our young people here. There are countless young people that have skills, why are you passing them by???
Just. Resign already no one wants ur bitter opinion
With all due respect Senator, please rest & save your energy for the big healthcare fight you face! Enough politics!! B a man of honor again
US labor rehabilitation! and this what u need!
Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice (or more in your case) SHAME ON US.
John, you're poison, don't ya get it?
RINOs!!!!    You both will be out soon
We need LEGAL immigrants !!!!
