Please stop this! I wish you the best in your road to recovery, however, you must start working with our President! Put the ego aside!!!
Look at that, Trump dodged the draft .
Four times!
no one in his family has ever served, even among Greatest Generation when everyone served. ( WWll 4 Trumpers who lack knowledge of history)
Exactly, and while our children fight for our freedom, Trump attacks our military. It is sad times for us Americans. I only pray they Get..
He has never attacked our military!!!!!!!
Yeah, he did. During campaign he regularly said military was a mess. Imagine how troops felt when he threw that red meat at his supporters.
It is a mess!!!!! No one had respected the military more than him!
EFF you stuoid McCain. Old fools like you should be exposed as traitors. I know you have no backbones and these words don't bother you.Proof
U should have been the one
Your strategy. Get us in another war
Shhhhhhh. Trump has a "secret 30 day plan" remember?
The only strategy for anything is "bully & threaten & hire then fire (repeat)". Prayers Sir! You're an American hero! 
MAYBE WAS... 
HE HAS TOTALLY BETRAYED WHAT TRUE HONOR WAS EVER THERE, IF ANY!!! 
HE'S TRULY A DISGUSTING TRAITOR TO THE AMERICAN PPL NOW!!!
Maybe if you guys stop stone wallling the potus he can get something done
Maybe If senators and Congressmen backed the President and supported his agenda maybe you can stuff done
Is there much strategy for anything?
16 yrs in Afghanistan and now trumps the jackass lol your buddy  Bush got us in this mess ........
Please Senator McCain - Stop already - You voted against Obama Care Bill after talking tough on repeal for 7 years. You cannot be trusted
The most you could do for America & Arizona is to resign. We're really tired of you betraying us & the GOP. You have never represented us! 
Because we are worried about healthcare!!!! I hope Trump  takes your cushy healthcare  away.  I have cancer also and I bet
becuz he's too busy fuckin off and wanting to build that stupid fuckin useless wall. ok,hold my purse,who wanna fight?
You go, Senator! Call Trump out on this shit! Also, why hasn't Trump #SignSanctionsBill yet?

perhaps if @SenateGOP would work with the President instead of fighting him on everything, we'd have a strategy by now. you think?
Go away
Screw Afghanistan, how about a strategy for Arizona and for the U.S.?
You dont pay  the out  of pocket costs I pay!
Seems to me that you are not trying to make the US better and need to reevaluate your agenda.  What will you accomplish in the next 6 mos?
Trump wants his own Pearl Harbor.  He will do anything to distract from the investigations. He wants NK to do something so he can have war.
And there never will be. The level of incompetence in the WH is staggering.
And 45 yrs after Viet Nam you are still a lying traitor with the blood of 130 solider on your hands.If not for your Daddy where would you be
Put ur ears to the ground hear us coming after u to be removed.Listen to the wings of hell coming?
dont worry John, Trump has a 4 star general and plenty of others to help plan strategy,you betrayed us enough lately,stay home enjoy life
You got us in 16 years ago you are a coward not to admit your mistakes
Please go back to sleep. HEALTH CARE & TAXES. You got us into the middle east
Let the Generals do their work. That’s more than we can say about you and your Senate buddies. Worry about HEALTHCARE & TAX REFORM.
7 years saying we should repeal Obamacare and you turned on us all!  You should be in this healthcare system! #repealmccain
He wants all senators to work together. Not just republicans behind closed doors (which the bill was made... w/o democrats)
That's what we all want. Need to include experts as well.
Yes trump is a traitor! Down with trump!
Do you know how to work together as a team for your party's agenda and public service? Or are you all about yourself and self service? #MAGA
Are you talking about #potus? He does what he wants and doesn't consult experts. He lies and doesn't have the best interest of our citizens.
Work on getting trump out. He is a disgrace to our country. The whole world is laughing at us. Allies cannot depend on us.
I believe Trump is doing a great job
I believe you are a bot
SHUT UP John!
go away traitor, poison snake!
There is no strategy on anything.  The WH is a mess of chaos
Then contribute to it you are a veteran and one of high ranking. Don't complain. Are t you on the same side as our @POTUS ?
Trump has no plans outside of playing golf and making money doing so and running for office.  Yes the one he holds
What about health care .. you andd your dems stopped it .. Arizona worst hit yet you and your staff have 70 percent subsidy.. pathetic focus
What's your strategy to drop an atomic bomb there #warmonger
or anything else...
You have no creditability left. You sound & act like a democrat!
How long have you been in office?
How far in debt is this country under your so-called leadership?
Be Gone!
But we have a strategy to remove you from public office.
John, you have been in Congress for 30 years, where is your strategy?
Yeah, and still no healthcare because of you. You should be the last to throw stones.
@SenJohnMcCain 
Please accept the fact that you are now brain damaged and should stand down. Making a fool of yourself. Embarrassing family.
well you've been a senator the entire current war & are proclaimed to be a war hero,why haven't you helped devise a strategy
Here's a statement: focus on Arizona you windbag or resign.
You sold out the American people to play out your vendetta against POTUS, once a traitor always a traitor.
Our gov. Is so corrupt. You are one I respect. Trump needs to go...he is killing us for his own personal gain and revenge.
Senator, there is zero strategy for anything.  The WH is a circus and the head clown is a criminal.
Afghanistan is a problem of not easy solution, in the colonial era the same empire has had many difficulties and we do not speak about URSS.
My the responses are harsh.  Let love and compassion reign
The man is insane. Get him out. We are the laughing stock of the world. Don't wait until it's unrecoverable.
You always push military action. But always vote against military benefits.
You're a disgrace and no hero.
Just go ahead and declare that you're a Democrat, @SenJohnMcCain. We all know the truth.
it's the silk roads opium trade it's always been about that market, you have to recruit more informants and chip them maybe
.@SenJohnMcCain u were overheard saying, "Let's see Trump make America great now.", plus your celebrating w/loser dems makes u a loser, too.
6 months after inauguration & you bailed on health care promises of your entire political career. Did they pay you well for that vote?
We've been there for 15 + effing years and you expect @realDonaldTrump to solve it in 6 months? Get your treatment and stop this nonsense 
As a constituent from the 'other side' I may not agree with ur strategy but thx again for leadership
John get right with the Lord Jesus Christ and go quietly
Wondering why trump hasn't signed sanctions bill yet
Laughs.  Songbird you are not President.   More to life than Afghanistan.  Sec. of Defense might pull out period
Too busy about concealing corruptions.  Trump is an unfit president. Repeal and replace him now.
Stop wasting taxpayers money by backing corrupt leadership.Hold free & fair elections & let the winners rule the country.Peace will return.
Yes and what is your strategy in hurting the  middle class, since you hold them responsible for your piss poor life.
John you really screwed the american people you have not idea how many problems there are with obamacare or maybe u just against potus

Is there a strategy for anything? Asking for a friend.
Please step in. Write your own policy. The country needs you. This pres isn't even trying . It's a disgrace.
I've got a strategy for you. Bring all of our troops home.
What about your statement to repeal obamacare your a liar and no one cares about your statements #DrainTheSwamp
#potus has little knowledge of foreign affairs. As you mentioned, experts must be consulted, & someone else must take the lead- maybe you?
Can't say you are helping #traitor#songbird
That's not surprising its total chaos. We are a country without a leader. Get rid of him already and ditch pence as well. He's as dangerous
Dude...Just resign
Lying conman phony draft dodging coward crook @POTUS don't have clue @DRUDGE_REPORT @seanhannity @senrobportman @SenDeanHeller @MSNBC @CNN
You have been in congress for a lifetime and you don't have a plan and u still suck
There is a strategynalright. ITS THOSE LIKE YOU OBSTRUCTING.
There is a strategy alright.....YOU
Or maybe there is just NO strategy PERIOD on all things America!!!

We still don't have a president.

You are unfit to serve in the Senate & an awful liar to the people that elected you to repeal OCare.
Is there any strategy on anything? 
McCain is a loser, a coward, and a traitor.He is a John Kerry-like miserable and repugnant human being.Thanks God, he didn't make to the Pr
You are sick -leave the Senate. Your thought pattern off. You are part of the DC swamp!You lied to the people about repealing OCare! #MAGA
PIPE DOWN CHOIR BOY AND RETIRE PLEASE AMERICA HAS HAD ENOUGH OF YOU,YOUR NOT THE POTUS PRESIDENT TRUMP IS SO GO AWAY.
Just stop you are the problem, we didn't vote you in ,you sit up on your high horse making millions of dollars in congress
What a legacy you have! Always planning to set the world on fire.
Maybe if you'd helo with the healthcare fiasco we could move to other issues like Afghanistan. No you have to be big shot.. Get in or out.
6 months? It has been going on your entire career. Thanks for nothing Fraud #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits #resign in shame and go away
His strategy is orchestrated by the Koch brothers as proven by Pence selection & every executive order - big money runs US
Rino hypocritical fraud. #Resign You have done nothing in you whole sorry excuse as a senator. #DrainTheSwamp #termlimits ACA loser!!
Just stop McCain with your how can I screw up this White House and the sitting president. Go to your treatments and just shut up
So what? You are now totally irrelevant.
John where have been for the last 11 years? OH that's right you were supporting the "O".
Osama was in Afghanistan since 1979 as all recall but Putin, Trump
(invade Iraq????)
Get out of Afghanistan ASAP... that should be the strategy
What strategy did obama & bush have? U r the most pathetic pol ever. Why don't u switch parties now & stop being a fraud.@realDonaldTrump
More than 6 months after inauguration, John McLiar blocked the #1 reason Republicans were sent to the Senate - to delete Obamacare.
How helpful are you. You should support president.
That's because they have people like you in office  !
There hasn't been one for 16 years...
There's not strategy for ANYTHING!!!
John is just against Trump and the citizens of our country, but always has suggestion about foreign aide and support. He is loyal to no one
Afghanistan......for workers, did not policies. if want new policies to there, i must accept @SenJohnMcCain n Senator.
Mad dog has done great in Afghanistan so stop slamming him.  And where is your health plan after years.   Shut your yap
POTUS does not need YOU to run the show. Just sit back & watch!! He'll spin circles around you!
I also have a plan for Afghanistan.
Bcz potus is an idiot, in way over his huge head! He is a clear and present Danger to America. Its shameful how mean and undignified he is.
Obama got us in this mess, don't blame Trump. Could not make this mess in 6 months.
More than seven years after YOU PROMISED #FullRepeal you broke your promise so you should talk #Traitor #RINO
16 years you mean. I have a strategy: Napalm all the poppy fields and leave.
By the way, do you use Obamacare to treat you? You should ,looks like you love it.
Maybe if you and all the other lawmakers stop trying to sabotage Trump things will move faster.
Make America Great Again and step down!!
what's your strategy?  I'm sure you'd ruin that too like your vote last week.  Do the country a favor and step down!
I have family in the military about to go into combat and I thank God you aren't in charge.
Thank you sir
What's your sorry ass doing? Just saying muffin man?
7 years after PROMISING to lead fight to REPEAL ObummerCrap (screw replace) you not only failed to but screwed those who tried!
This coming from the man who could not get elected as President
Not surprising u promised to lead repeal Obummercare...but instead your legacy is lying to American people!
Afghanistan • 20 billion$ • 6.400 americans killed • no measurable success • time to spend taxes to help Americans at home. @leslieshatkin
WHY WASN'T THERE ONE AFTER 8 yrs of Obama????
Traitor John after 7 long f@#cking years you didn't have a plan for health care. Your pissed because potus knows what you realy are F@#ckoff
Time for a nap. #oldpeoplesmellfunny
Hell there's no strategy to running the Whitehouse staff.
Yes there is:  Banana Republic Strategy
Let corporations con locals out of mineral rights & resources, then send our military as enforcers.
There's still no strategy for anything! When will GOP act? #ChaosInTheWhiteHouse
News flash John,You're not the PRESIDENT! Whereceas your CONCERNwhen Obama was President,  you didn't give a damn! Your hate is showing
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Who is to blame? 8 years of complaining, plenty of time to prepare. GOP is a disgrace.
No confidence in trump?  Why don't you do something besides saying you're concerned.
What do you care john you've turned your back on this country long time ago
Leave the thinking and the gov to the real men! I bet you cry every night Mr. Trump did what you could never do. Try ACA then SS no pensions
Asfar as i am concerned you should pack your bags and retire your not a team player unless your a democrat.
Your not the Pres and never will be. You will always be known as the songbird. Your a bitter old man. Treat cancer leave the gov to the big
Healthcare. Pot, meet kettle. Obamacare only works for those getting it free, NOT 4 working America. Get w/ the program or get the hell out.
LMAO 
Fact, TRUMP will make USA great again with/without you mc u have been in office for yrs yet u complain bout not having a plan in 6 months
Retire you old goat.Take care of yourself John.Get treatment and pray.
Repeal and Replace RINOS
See that pic? He's Pres, not you. You LOST. War strategy is not your job, it's his. If he doesn't do it, it's STILL NOT YOUR JOB. Retire!
You had a chance to be president but you choked. I think Trump is worried about NK & Libya. Do us a favor and retire. #Nixonpardon
After 7 YEARS    I said 7 YEARS.  there is no fix on Obama Care.  Senator McCain,  You ARE FIRED.  i SAID YOU ARE FIRED.. You embarrass me.
When are you going to testify about your pee pee dossier?
.. also, no strategy for Nth Korea (unless insulting the Chinese Leader counts as a strategy). Very worrying & dangerous.
Try voting with republicans for once and not screwing the people on healthcare
You sir are part of the problem! I care about the illegal healthcare, that congress is too weak to correct and you supported! No longer fan!
We don't have to worry about it because you would never back anything that the Republicans wanted to do anyway
There hasn't been a strategy for years, yet u have been involved for years. Drain the swamp! You will be gone
Stop taking a paycheck until you get something accomplished- ur as bad as any career politician. Disgusting
There's no strategy or bad strategy, period...on everything.
Are you doing anything postive or just showboating? You've lost me with ur backhanded games & outright lies. Now we all see ur swamp love!
You have done nothing but obstruct and lick Obozo balls. Looser.
we need to stop listen to the bombastic people on the internet #Afghanistan
Yeah I agree, stop watching @CNN
Disappointed you are holding up repeal and replace of Obamacare.  We are drowning medically in Southern Arizona in case you didn't know
Spoken like a true Democrat.
