To bad we never see you on @foxandfriends anymore more people in your Party would here what you have to say!
he is a traitor to our party and country. We won't see him on @foxandfriends.
country first! He's a patriot!
lol, love a good joke first thing in the morning.
I find nothing funny about what might have happened to our political process. It matters
I bet you think it's A-OK to give illegals the right to vote too. It does matter.
lost the bet.
sure I did. Lol
Appearing on a show with a lib friendly audience. You'll be well recieved as a RINO, Anti-Trumper.
as would Ronald Reagan have been. He'd be outraged #TrumpRussia he'd want independent invest.
All for independent investigation of BHO and Putin deal on Crimea and Ukraine. Kerry, HRC deal with Iran. Lynch/BC meeting
Holder and FastFurious deaths, SchumerPodestaHRC meets with Russian Ambassador re: Sanctions. I can go on but point made.
but not Trump-Russia? No matter party we need 2 know. Investigation, if it clears 45 will only help him be more supported.
Perhaps your retirement? Please retire.
We like our Senator and he's not retiring
He really should... It's all ego at this point.
I don't agree w everything he says but you do not get to vote on this one
try not to disrespect the White House. Who's side are you on?
Americas? America's side? #IndependentCommission
Do any conservatives ever want to hear from you?  Oh wait that would be a NO!
Please don't change the rules because you can't get what you want.
try not to throw our president under the bus.
the only reason he's going on CBS.
He put himself under the bus. It's our job to keep him there.
You want the country to fail?
Just the opposite. JFK & RFK died for your freedom. Never forget.
#rhino traitor pig
john please be quiet
Why are you never  on Fox  Senator McCain? We dont watch MSNBC
Good place for u with the other Democrats
You fit right in with Fake News source. To think I voted for you in 2008. #NotForUs #StandWithMyPresident
who cares
YOUR SILENCE IS DEAFENING SIR. #IndependentInvestigation PLEASE!
your retirement?? That would be worth watching.
America needs an independent investigation on Russia and Trump.
And you need a lobotomy!
I believe many people are disappointed you haven't rebelled against Trump
Who you gonna call a Russian this time?

No one watches CBS anymore
Remember you're  GOP, if you can't work with the POTUS then retire
Time to step up John. Trump - Russia treason is looming.
More opportunities to trash POTUS? Did Lindsey tell you what to say?
you don't look right dude
U r a traitor, globalist, war monger & Soros backed pathetic human!
Do these ppl know ur history, HanoiJohn? How POWs died or tortured because of u. Ur dad had 2 save ur ass
how many friendly aircraft did you shoot down? How many were on the deck when you did so?  From an actual Republican......
hoping to hear you call for an independent Russia probe
Please start supporting your President. You're acting like a sore loser. Put America first, not a your ego.
Hope you'll be joining fellow #republican Walter Jones in calling for Nunes to recuse himself. #CountryOverParty #Upstander #Trumprussia
U have no shame. U need to RESIGN! I voted for Dr. Ward. #notmysenator
You just CANNOT stay away from those LIB hacks can you Johnny? I wouldn't watch if it were the last fake news show ever to air.
In McCain we trust!
Wish you would use your efforts to help the admin rather than obstruct
And talk sh*t about #POTUSTrump ? And cozy up to left?
cozy up to AMERICA ! Country over party!
damn! He is still alive!!!
Please tell the American people the Whole Truth
Just retire please
we need a patriot to stand up to trump Russia ties
McCain. You old jerk! How dare you insult a class act as Rand Paul.GO
Oh. Can't wait until the Assange emails comes out on you !
U sure love to hype yourself.  How bout 'splaining your ISIS meetings.

Onwards Senator, the American people need your vigilance.
going to tell the truth about ur involvement with Soros, globalization
you songbird traitor go away irrelevant to the usa
be sure to talk about those TOW missile's Kurds and marines facing .
#RINO #fearmongering #Arizona
please investigate Russia-Trump connection before our country is destroyed. #crimeoftreason
Why do you always gravitate to the Marxist types?
you have totally disgraced our party.  You should switch sides to dumbocrat. You dishonor all those who served this nation.
Mccain.mcconnell,ryan, and some others should resign
Do us all a favor and resign sir.
no reason to listen to you and left wing cohorts   Swamp dweller
GREAT PIC!!...LOVE TO REMEMBER YOU LIKE THIS  FROM HERE?? ITS DOWN!
We need a patriot to protect us from this regime and russia
Please insist on independent investigation of Trump/Russia.  They are covering up something.  Democracy at stake.
Nunes should step down. That seems pretty obvious.
these MSM love McCain because he's a traitor to GOP!
MSM only has you on because you will bash Trump You are LIBERAL PATSY
McCain is a disrespectful old coot - needs to be gone
No one cares!
Like you're a Democrat now?
Have you changed parties yet?????? WOW McCain no words for Ur actions
John, you are a traitor.
science is imperative! Climate change!!!
why are you on all these left wing shows?? Are you a dem in rep clothg
nunes, Ryan, treason, nepotism, GOP hypocrisy yes lots to talk about
All he does is talk...no action
Hope you and those in the GOP who actually care about the security of the US, get the full answers on Putin Trump connections
Effecting foreign elections has been part of USA strategy for decades.
Wow! Countries spying on each other, trying to effect elections. Dumb, happens 4 yrs.
Sen. McCain, I implore you to actually take steps and not just words
As an AZ Dem, I haven't agreed with you in the past Senator, but I'm counting on you now, Maverick. #Resist!
Why are you always on the opposite side of Trump? #goway
no one likes you, ever notice that?
Senator Please Get Justice on Trump/Russian Scandal. Has Justice and Honor left the Building? I know You Care but our Laws needs to First.
Russia and Nu ez please!
Keep up the good work. the good fight.
No negativity!
or maybe talking about your WORDS not ACTIONS against traitor Drumpf?
your support of this bill shows you to be a shill.
Selling our privacy is a shameful act in a long line of partisan shame
Will you be discussing your support of selling our browser history?
how can we get an independent investigation into Russia and Trump.
McCain and Graham are always selling out their party,CBS eats it up.
kindly support #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
How to investigate #russiagate
having John McCain on your show is an embarrassment to your show
Sir, my teenager asked me today why Sen. McCain hates our President and why he does not support him! That is what our kids see. Sad! Sad!
John McCain is lost listening to him talk he makes no sense, retire !
You are Democrat in disguise!
you are part of the trouble in DC step down 
#MAGA
democrat senator John McCain has no credibility with the Republicans
You would be better to keep your mouth shut. This will backfire on you
I won't watch your vitriol diatribe...
thanks Senator just fade away please.
Best thing McCain could do for the Rep. is to keep his mouth shut.
#failure you ran for president&LOST,&your trying to tell WH what to do
did u ask yourself why these people like you so much...all the sudden?
I've been thanking you a lot this year ... Thanks this time for continued leadership on Nunes issues
Will u announce you're now a DEM and will openly be opposing Trump?
#failure Democratic senator John McCain trying to tell the WH what to do ? Thought he ran for president and LOST ? Oh he did
Why don't you join your good friend Schumer....being you're a liberal
resign, please
announce your retirement

You might also try to tell them what you really do. Talk
I'm so thankful you didn't win the presidency now that I know what a traitor you are
Tell then how you are going to save the world.
does any work get done with everyone running around doing interviews?
Waiting for the Republicans to start putting country over party first.
Hope you will demand a 911 style investigation Russia,  Trump et al!
JOHN MCCAIN the leaker
step up, you supposedly despise Putin.
The GOP useful idiot to the democrat press.
Hope you can retire,  everyone knows you hate Trump and take every opportunity to screw him.
will he list his successes if any?
start with why your a RINO.
you NEEDto publicly call for @DevinNunes to step down!
please investigate russian/trump issues, don't let nunes go free #GOP #russiangate
Glad to hear you speaking out.
Why aren't you working for the American people rather than supporting a liberal agenda pushed by CBS?
Hope you are announcing your retirement.
idk
you said Obamacare is imploding. Where's the outrage with the insurance companies?  Hold them responsible!
should join Dems
please help keep @SallyQYates safe. #45 didn't want her 2 testify 2day
cannot wait until Mccain is indicted for his traitorous ways nunes knows
more trashing of your @POTUS.
...Nunez did the right this his committee is not bipartisan
please you really need to retire, do the Americans a favor
you and Lindsay are real pieces of work ..dem moles
Please SenMcCain press on with investigation of Russian election interference Nunes needs to recuse himself
media hog. Pride of lib media.
About to watch it!
get the independent trump/Russia investigation started
how about you join the retirement community - 40 years is way too long
You'd think you could get over past primaries? Angry, old politician.
How about not mumbling through the interview and get behind YOUR party
why don't you tell them about blocking the search for our pow's
Oh my we can hardly wait.
@PatrickJFerree @charlierose @GayleKing @NorahODonnell @CBSThisMorning Trump is no god. This presidency is not normal.
sorry don't watch fake news
we Are tired of the corruption
stop scotus hearings. Illegitimate potus
DON'T be a #Traitor! Get what you can outta @realDonaldTrump
Keep your comments about our POTUS respectful.Stop yakking abt Russia @charlierose @GayleKing @NorahODonnell @CBSThisMorning
Make Sure YOU take your Med's & REMEMBER WE'VE A CHANCE to SAVE theUSA
Go away u aren't important anymore!! Liar!!
globalist, anti-trump garbage
Mr McCain please retire, then you can entertain yesterdays ideas....
Please discuss an independent review of #Trumprussia
Please get on board John, you are needed
hopefully your retirement from the Senate is the big topic !
Spreading the leaks,  demcain?
So sick of McCain bashing @POTUS
Nunes must be removed from Russia investigation.
No, @Rep_DevinNunes seems is only 1 doing his job! Stop.
Good Tuesday Sen. John McCain
Glad I have to get to work before that interview. We're tired of you!!
win  wage against Egy Brdcas
Egypt's Hosni Mubarak to walk free
hey McCain why don't you get on board w ur own party.
No longer a favorite. You've become 2 politically correct 4 the right.
You are one of the last good men/women standing. Please help your country. #climatechange #russiagate #treason
Do @GOP thinks #Kochbros #bloodmoney is worth more than votes
How many times can a corporate entity vote in an election 4 @gop
Are you going to discuss the lives lost on the Enterprise and cause?
Ask McCain about the "duck house" protest in Russia.
More on Jared's connection to Puttin's guy!
can't wait to see if you actually talk trump Russia
Yawwwn........  
"Why'd I choose Palin and legitimize the Far Right?  Good question."
you should be ashamed of yourself
