ThankYou #Senators !#Gorsuch will serve America & Our Constitution well! 
true to form McCain. I expected no better from the Ch of the Armed Services Comm. Just waiting for more dead bodies to roll in from US bombs
Does all of this become null & void when RussiaGate proves McConnell, Trump,  and other top Republicans were involved in treasonous plots?
You let our country down. Changed the rules to have your way. Shame on republican senators all.  SAD
Enjoy your last year & 1/2, soon you will all be voted out or in jail. The People are fed up with Republican lies, payoffs, & Russian ties!
Sad to see 60 vote threshold cast aside to further polarize our country.
The one picked by a traitor, you mean
Action does speak louder than words!
If you're going to talk the talk, then have the balls to walk the walk! Don't call it "stupid", then VOTE FOR IT! You're the problem in DC.
@CNN @MSNBC NG confirmation proof Rs will go great lengths to get whatever they want,at any cost to Taxpayers.
I'm not proud of you John. Your "integrity" is put together with spit and baling wire. You've confirmed that GOP is immoral.
Sad day when I thought was a rule follower changed the rules for politics other then following the founding fathers rule. What is next?
Merrick Garland. Where was your outrage when the Senate refused to do their job last year? Lost a lot of respect for you today.
Not proud of @GOP for supporting an anti-worker, anti-disabled candidate whose rulings were overturned by U.S. Supreme Court. Stupid.
I wonder what his take on Citizens United is?
@RandPaul may have been right.  You can't make up your mind as to what you'll support. I no longer trust you.
I cannot find the words to express how much I grieve that you changed the #Senate for the arrogance of #gorsuch & the ignorance of #trump.
If you'd had your way, Hillary would have been the one nominating. Thanks for showing me how wrong I was to respect you in past.
Congratulations ! The new Websters  dictionary has your picture next to the definition of hypocrite .
Even you now are putting party before country by killing filibuster.
@JeffFlake 

The continual disregard for the US Constitution is nothing to be proud of. You disgrace the citizens of AZ.
You sold the American people out.  I thought you had SOME integrity.....I was mistaken.
Great job, you only had to undermine our democracy to do it. #sarcasm
This exceptional jurist who votes against the common man in favor of businesses & plagiarizes his work.  No.
"It wasn't about #JudgeGorsuch, it was about Trump" like "it wasn't about Garland it was about Obama" #GOPHypocrites
NO!
I had your back for a second...just a short second...
McCain's voting record as a senator is awful. He insulted senators who wanted to change the filibuster rule, but he voted to destroy it.
#StolenSeat
Ugh.
But you allowed this vote to make the split even wider.  What happened to coming to a compromise? Both sides!  "Sad"
You are late to the party Senator.
I couldn't be more disappointed in you.  This was a terrible decision for our democracy.
Thanks for screwing the American people.  Conservatism only puts America behind.  We need forward thinkers.  Step aside 4 new ideas.
Traitor! Shame! Shame! Shame!
Can't wait for #JudgeGorsuch to bite you in the ass @GOP #Republicans
not certain you should be proud of the backhanded way the GOP was able to get this judge, Shame shame sad day for democracy
#stupididiot
#tcm
Nothing to be proud of. You helped destroy the Senate.
Talk the talk re Gorsuch but do not walk the walk. Disappointed. Senate going downhill.
You should read Mitch McConnell the man who broke America by Dana Milbank in the Wash Post. Upsetting and tragic
I am a Democrat who use to vote for you, you are no longer the Maverick, you're a follower
More dead babies bcuz of #SyrianStrikes. I guess McCain is orgasmic!!! Nothing better than dead babies and dead soldiers, right McCain?!!
John McCain...just another partisan hack in the twilight of his career, which could have been so much more.
yeah,john..you sold out again..
You voted to change Senate rules even though you said it would do irreparable harm to the Senarte!
Proud is the last thing you should be!
How could you decry the nuclear option, then vote for Gorsuch??? Hugely disappointing. Your credibility has fallen greatly.  Sad, bad, day.
Exceptional is probably not the only test. If it were, Judge Garland would have taken the seat last fall! Your credibility is waning!
#OutWithRepublicans2018
@Ward4Anderson @YouTube
You ARE a hack. And now it will be, "Investigation, schminvestigation - we're at war now!!" @repadamschiff
Wrong side of history, Senator.
You also picked 'genius' Sarah Palin...keep forgetting that.
I am ashamed that I used to think that you were a decent human being but you are worse than #LyingSackofCrap @realDonaldTrump total sellout!
Congrats on your new SCOTUS, you gelded maverick. This will forever mark you in history. I will tell the tale when you're gone
Thanks for gutting the decorum the Senate normally had. You're no war hero or Statesman.. You're nothing but a pathetic old political coward
You are a coward for not standing up and blocking the rule change! Congratulations on the continual destruction of America! Traitor
Confirmed without Chuck Schumer and the Democrats, the GOP does not need them, they are insignificant.
McCain publicaly said chainging the rules was bad but voted yes to changing them anyways. Not an exceptional congressman #Partyovercountry
Teaching our children, if the rules don't go in your favor, just change them until they do. #SHAMEONYOU
you changed the rules.. we are watching
Can't tell you how disappointed I am in you. Thought you were a man of honor and integrity. Ur just as hypocritical as the rest of GOP. Sad
Congratulations for stealing Merrill Garlands seat!  The biggest heist in American history!
Coward
this was the biggest mistake of your career. you are no longer respected. #redtobluein18.
Yes, congratulations Senator. History will judge your party's crooked actions harshly in placing Gorsuch on the SCOTUS.
10 million dollars Price tag
You'd better considered killing senate bi-partisan principle over pushing #judgengorsuch onto @scotus. This will hurt the nation's future.
No objection to your support of Judge Gorsuch. Just disgusted by your hypocrisy bemoaning the nuclear option on MSNBC but voting for it
Wow. I was really starting to like McCain again. Seemed like he was standing up for what he actually thought. I guess I was wrong.
McCain one of the Keating 5, promising rhetoric, then subsequent votes to disappoint. Places GOP preservation over the Country's needs.
What a traitor! So now it's my way or the highway. Got your nose up Mitch McConartist's so far you can tell what he ate for dinner!!!!!!!
You forgot to DO YOUR JOB... stole this from POTUS44...belongs to Garland... read your Constitution please
Proud? You shattered the purpose of Bi-Partisan... he is not qualified for ALL AMERICANS but sure is for RT WING $$PACS
Obama publicly stated he wanted to fundamentally change America. Gorsuch is a step in changing it back
We really don't care what you think!
Freakin' finally you do something right for OUR side.
I'm sure he'll be the best #udge SCOTUS has ever had.
Your comment that Dems were just opposed bc Trump nominated him. Your party said no to everything Obama did for same reason. Deplorable
You are so disappointing !! You could have retired as a senator being a real "Hero" in our history books....you blew it.
It'll always be a stolen seat. Always illegitimate.
Hmmm... You all blocked #2016supremecourtnoms for #elevenmonths !! & now claim victory - how mature lol. Thank goodness midterms are coming.
And here we thought you were the sane voice of reason in this illegitimate presidency that has a 35% approval 
Only took u 3 days to cave & become the "stupid idiot" (I quote u sir) that u spoke of the other day. Another nail in coffin of democracy.
Oh stop.  This is wrong on every level & you know it.  Time to reel it in .
you make me so angry. I stumped for you in Iowa, all those years ago. It was a mistake. Retire.
#Gorsuch will never be legitmate. Not under the cloud of impeachment
So you've finally Embraced the #SpuerPacs and given up on #CampaignFinanceReform Hope #AZ sees u won't @StopBigMoney
Not a maverick; a traitor to your own convictions. You despised the nuclear option yet voted for it anyway. Have lost all respect. #Shame
You, sir, are a #traitor to all of America. We will hold you accountable and responsible for advancing the #RussianAgenda SHAME ON YOU
Stolen seat forever.
sad that you lost your back bone
Nope nah no nyet
I had respect for you. The key word here is HAD!
Considering the pain and suffering you endured to defend USA in Vietnam, it didn't take much arm twisting for you to help destroy it now
Congrats after changing the rules to get him that seat? Republicans, this wasnt fair play. Cheating. He should remember as long as he lives.
Reducing the senate to get this guy in. Sad and a shame. Yay partisan politics, great job
And proud to blow up long standing Senate rules?  Talk, talk, talk but shoddy action Senator McCain...
Disappointed. I had hoped you cared more about the working people in our country and would have opposed his appointment. Misjudged you.
I don't see one positive comment on here for you Senator. Lead the charge for getting Trump out bc of Russia,  and you might be vindicated.
From POW to POS.
STOLEN STOLEN STOLEN!!! I was starting to like you bc of Trump/Putin. That's more important than stealing a SC seat. Investigate - Impeach
Employing nuclear option while president is under investigation leads me to never vote republican. Party over country GOP.
Pretty faint praise. GOP so partisan and spiteful, would've installed Elmer Fud if Trump wanted him. #MerrickGarland
Stolen seat. I vow to never vote republican again till they start playing by the rules not changing them like children in a tantrum.
I do not know if I will like him or not. I will hope 4 the best. But something precious was lost by what GOP did. I think this will haunt u.
Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. People have not been represented by GOP. @GOP is corrupt by big money.
@All100Senators You know better! Remember, @GOP OWNS the McConnell Rule now & it will swing BOTH ways! #MerrickGarland
Disgusted beyond belief. Gorsuch will never be a legitimate member of SCOTUS. Should've recused himself from this #stolenseat #GOPtreason
the white president under a FBI investigation is allowed to appoint who he wants,  a black president has to make appointments in 1st 3 years
Rubber Stamp!
I think the torture has gotten to your brain. This is one of the saddest moments in American history. Hope you like it when Dems. Use it.
And all you had to do was break our democracy a little more!  Kudos!
one of the saddest days in America..nuclear option for supreme court justice...you should be ashamed.democracy forever changed
Nuclear is right up your alley.
Since when are plagiarism and fascism exceptional qualifications? Is this the legacy you want to leave?
Senator McCain, thank you for your service. The American people are glad you are backing the President on the action against that killer
Don't lie.
Your blind obedience to GOP betrays your sensible talk when you stoop to any low means to achieve an end. RIP American Senate traditions.
#stolenseat #garland #nuclearcongressasshole
Even though you tossed aside all you believe in to make it happen.  #NotAMaverick #PartyFirst #SCOTUS
You're a hypocrite.
GOP has 35% approval. Good bye until the end of time!
Go away McCain you really are despicable. You are paid by Koch brothers.
I thought you were better than this.
Death of the senate....putin is smiling at u McCain
You said whoever wanted to go with the Nuclear option were stupid idiots. Did that include yourself? Hypocrisy @ its finest once again! Sad!
Is there laws in replace 2 remove justices appointed by an impeached president? Question 2 any student of the law, that bothers to read this
Shame!
That "slippery slope"  you R's put us on will bounce R's out of senate and congress.  GOOD JOB!!!
Joined the "idiots" as you described them. How is anyone supposed to trust you ever again? Country be damned...all about partisanship.
A #StolenSeat given to an unqualified judge by an illegitimate president. And you allowed it.
#whatgoesaroundcomesaround
Sending this man with only a simple majority to sit as a peer with the other super majority appointed Justices will have consequences.
Booo! You should be ashamed!
God bless you sir! 
Shut up, John. You have no credibility. I was going to vote for you until you picked effing Palin!  Seriously? What happened to you?!?
You verbally oppose the changing of Senate rules, but voted to change them anyways. You're a hypocrite of the worst order.
No.
Shame on you. You allowed obstruction. Plsgaraism. Enabled a nuclear option to change history forever. You love to talk and then #complicit
We will never forget.
Shouldn't have changed the rules to remove necessary checks & balances. Why are you helping Trump destroy Democracy? This is NOT America!
$$$$$
No congrats He is another brick in the horrifying process of making SCOTUS another partisan entity. It doesn't bode well for our future
No respect for you at all.
Mr. McCain, I have lost all respect for you. One person not so concerning but they add up
You have solidified your place in history. John McCain, a descendant of George Washington, is a pathetic little impotent stooge. #Coward
Would've hoped Republican Party would have preferred not to have a tainted Supreme Court appointment #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation
SHAME
Booooooo u suck Snapchat guy
You are a GOP flunkie McCain.  I thought you were a better man.  You let McConnell change the rules, erode the minority's voice.  #shameful
How proud you and your ilk must be, "Senator." You appointed a stolen seat to someone who didn't deserve it. #Karma
You have disappointed millions of Americans today.
