How about your remorse for murdering the innocent pilots u killed when u we're showing off w/ur plane&skilled 188 ppl?
@markbarry61 hey John I believe it's time you changed your diaper, go home, I hear that people your age are allowed Medicare
Mature comment, mom must be proud.


Retire
Yes, now support the people who need health care and vote no on the LG bill,Congress is not a buddy system, this is a bad bill for Americans
My father was a Naval Aviator who flew the "Willie Fudd" E1B tracer, U.S.S. Ticonderoga 65-66 in Vietnam.  Thanks John for never forgetting.
Worse senator ever I have to live with this puke
Johnny we are gonna find out where the 9 million came from!!
Thanks John, for all you have given to this country, bless all that serve in the AIr Force and all that have served in the military
That sounds like a great cause. Also hope you are supporting Graham/Cassidy/Heller as healthcare burdens are a real concern for many.
What about the men u killed on the ship that day & u went hiding. Got off b/c daddy&granddaddy were admirals. Urca real hero
Hypocrite! post you service record including your actions in hotel Hilton!!
SALUTE: CHAIRMAN JOHN McCAIN. 
FACEBOOK: PAT GODFREY
I have a MAGA hat that looks just like that! So glad you will never be president!
Retire! #MAGA
Songbird McCain you are a hypocrite! Other POW's after Vietnam compared to you. Why so healthy looking? What special treatment you get & why
Self serving as usual
Sad you never supported MIAs & POWs in Nam. Your refusal to support American tax payers is disgraceful, you sold out many times, quit.

Keep up your lifelong bravery. Inspiring me through my own tough time. Lifelong Democrat grateful for your grace and service.

I wouldn't trust McCain from here to corner drugstore. RINO
I wish you could have been POTUS instead of the muppet that you have currently got



He's a real hero in my book!

Hebrews 2:17
Therefore, in all #things He had to be made like His #brethren, that He might be a merciful and #faithful [1/2]
John is not the only person to die of cancer.  My husband did at 58.  U have had many years to mess up!
Like the 134 fallen aviators that you killed?
Good on you. You're doing right by our servicemen and women.

I love your father for his service. But his current antics in congress are not right
You suck retire
I'll bet 90% of those replying here are Democrats.  LOL
Now I'm leery of it since you support it, you're a traitor.
I have a lot less sympathy for things you endorse.
Kinda like your sacrifice John? You know, the sacrifice of fellow American prisoners in Vietnam, when you gave top secret info to ur captors

what makes you think they are interested in your 'support' - ?
despite your best efforts the corruption shines forth @SenJohnMcCain
I wish you all the best in your health, but it's time for someone else to take your job #TermLimits
Phenomenal organization. Thank you @WingmanFound
Retire
Why do you look like a lizard behind those eyes
btw - nice digs.  Pretty elegant office on the taxpayer dime.  Too bad you can't seem to get any work done.
Proud to support ANY effort to remove you from office

Hi Boss how are you doing.be blessed
I'm Konan Noël
JM it's time to retire Your vote vs ending ACA's already hurting Trump&Rep Party That was selfish We r suffering due to ACA& u kept it going
God bless you.john. Keep up good work.
Another photo opp.
Retire
John how about fewer tweets and sound bites and vacations and more actual work in the Senate? works for me
You should try to support the homeless vets living on the streets
What about those that died on the USS Forestal when you dropped 2 bombs on tarmac that killed 132 sailors? https://www.johndenugent.com/images/John-McCain-Forrestal-Fire-Dec-09-judicial-inc.pdf …
I'm so happy to see you looking well, Senator. Please stay well 
Why must you not stand for my president Trump?  Why do you continue back stabbing the American people who voted him in office?
Still a rino traitor to the constitution and the oath you took to support and defend it.  Should have let Vietnam keep you.
Why are you so angry at McCain
Retire! Resign!
The American people will gladly accept your resignation.
Wrong. Now apologize.
Wow you can do something worth a shit. Must've been someone else's idea.
Trying to ease your conscience??
Most likely @SenJohnMcCain will change his mind in a year
Aren't you the same guy that blocked the POW/MIA bill ? What about those sacrifices ?
Oh how nice of you.  Now retire already.......
Retire old bird
Viet vet here who thinks you're off your rocker.   Retire.    Now.
Wonderful foundation. Glad it has your support, but you no longer have ours senator.
ALL MOUTH.. ILLEGALS TAKE NO. 1 SPOT. VETS AT THE END OF LINE. STOP ACTING LIKE YOU CARE, CUZ YOU DON'T. YOU WON'T EVER BE BELIEVED.
Praying for you Mr.McCain
Neither is yours, Mr. McCain.  Some of us don't disappear when times get tough or we disagree on politics.  Thank you.
trying to make up for your treasonous acts in Vietnam I see...... too late
What is it with you guys and hokie hats?
And how many did you injure with your "Wet Start" you didn't care if they got hurt then
Guess if you can 'Flip' on the people you went to War with, doing it to Republicans is child's play.
sweet hat, John!
Shut up traitor, sell out to Dems real conservatives/republicans know your true colors...sell out to highest bidder
You're a TRAITOR and should have been imprisoned years ago
Along with John http://F.ing  Kerry
Can Trump count on YOU to be HIS wing man ?
Nobody cares what you support or do just be quiet
How about support your president?
Just don't put up a statue, that's a trigger for fake racism outrage.
Nobody cares what you think anymore
People, stop with the hate. Regardless of who posts something, if it's a good cause, let it be. This is nothing to do with other issues.

Great, now find your backbone and begin impeachment proceedings. You know that it's extremely important to get this madman out if the WH.
You are a TRAITOR to the Navy and to this country!!!
Thank you for your service, sir. Again, you are the only Republican I have ever voted for...& have never regretted it.
. Hey traitor johnnie, are you losing weight. Prepare to meet God. I don't like u but God can still forgive you.
I can no longer support McCain!  Sorry
Graham might be your friend, but he's a snake. We're tired of @GOP trying to undermine Mueller, and his 'Hillary, I smell a rat" BS Enough
already. So tired of this sh*t. Now another fight for healthcare. FED UP
Please start the impeachment process...and please fight back against Betsy "Despicable" DeVos too.
Soooooo......
You are doing OK then 
Sen McCain Please Do Something Radical. Write A Letter For AMERICANS What's Good For All Think As If You Are Just A Person Never in Politics
You can support our Military by supporting our POTUS
John McCainさん

Proud to support ◯◯—ensuring their sacrifices are never forgotten

Thank you very much.

@SenJohnMcCain @WingmanFound
Mr.McCain, how are you feeling? Ukrainian people praying for you.
How did we end up with 800,000 great DACA kids but 500,000 American kids are lost in fostercare?
Nah
The best part of you ended up in the mouth of the guy dressed as a cop in the Village People.
Lol
Looks like you are temporarily restricted.
Wait lol it's a bot or a fake account. The 8 numbers at the end show it
Yep.
I love you John McCain!
Love him when your ACA rates go up again and you can't afford to use it. He now owns it along with the Dems.
The repukes had absolutely nothing to offer. Letting millions of fellow Americans lose their healthcare so you can save a few bucks-selfish
I voted for u so i dont have to burden my life more than AZ already has. And now u became a democrat so i cant have my vote back
Dear Senator MCain, yours will never be forgotten.
You are my hero! Always!
You never disappoint! God Bless our @USNavy 
@WingmanFound 

Donald Trump is a traitor to America..
anyone who supports this racist nazi russian clown fake potus is also anti-American!

Does that include those that fire weapons from their aircraft while on deck of their aircraft carrier?
Please please please retire.
John McCaine, AZ had custody over me i didnt go to school n dont have a life sure as hell dont have $150 for obamacare. Will u pay it?
Maybe the mccain institute should pay for everyone's premiums .. lots of money there
I was in foster care abused in foster care deprived of an education. 5th grade. God took care of me nobody else.  McCaine can pay the bill.
Good man 
Bravo! Tweeted it just like the Insurance companies paid you to! You're going places!
God bless them and you, sir.
REMEMBER YOUR PROMISE –– REGULAR ORDER!

