Folks wake up! Each of these issues rests on the shoulders of the swamp people such as McCain! Term limits fix this issue.
We expect to do what your voters wanted you to do including getting rid of Obama Care they can not afford you anymore their pay was cut!
Well if it was budget cuts why were people fired ??
Senator McCain; you know better! Ship crashes and budget have nothing to do with each other! Your making excuses for poor leadership!
600 billion dollars you guys can't get the job done b******* . The next three countries don't spend that much money on their Armed Forces
If I remember, GOP passed the sequester bill to put our Black President in his place. Now we see the results of it! Same for the ACA.
Don't give them another dime until they prove they can keep their ships sailing and their employees alive.
Then quit wasting so much of the budget on BS inflated commercial contracts & spend smarter where it counts! 
Another Obama legacy
Enough! How about focusing on healthcare dude

#Vets need Healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
Maybe you can cut funding to our water supply to pay for more guns! Haven't tried that yet.
Well next time Cruz stands up to shut down our government. Tell him to take a seat and be quiet 
Government would work better if it was shut down!
Budget cuts??? Can't see that other ship coming?!?!? Damn budget cuts!!! No one to clean the windshield. Go away mcpain
The photo of these grieving parents will be standard for all of us with disabled children if you take away the ACA
BS safety is first find the money cut other programs hell cut out entire departments you are lawmakers cut the pork out account for every $!
The GOP sequester which was done out of spite is rearing its ugly head! Be proud of your party!
No measure on mission creep counts. Too many fronts & Congress has no consensus mandate for. Deficit increases eroding economy & tax base.
Liar. Traitor to the @GOP and to all Americans. Go away you bitter old man. Take that mouthy daughter @MeghanMcCain of yours with you.
I beg that you not turn your back on the millions who will suffer if ACA is repealed.
I prayed for John to get through his cancer. Luckily he has good insurance and Doctors. Now is he going to turn his back on Americans?
Healthcare bill will hurt veterans if passed please don't
John's lucky he has good insurance and Doctors! Wish we all did.
Wonder where those cuts came from. Oh yeah, obama. But ur no better RINO. U lied 2 Americans. Now we have no ins. Obamacare is crashing.
And when these Sailors get out they have to pay a $3,000 fine because they can't afford Obamacare. You are a hypocrite sir.
There is still absolutely NO REASON for these collisions, budget or not.
You can thank Obama for that
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
So outspending next 7 nations combined when it comes 2 military isnt enough @SenJohnMcCain ?! When is enough enough? More health less guns.
MONEY DOESN'T MAKE THE PEOPLE SMARTER OR KEEP THEM AWAKE...STOP PUTTING ON LIPSTICK...STOP THE FRAUD AND WASTE
fire that idiot. no they dont. watched #theLastShip? now a ship 3x that size collides w it but you "dont notice"? WRONG.
#Share
Save the ACA
Loss is tragic,  so let's make sure 10s of thousands of lives are not loss due to cutting off their health care.
You are asking millions of people to give up healthcare, yet you are okay with the Navy spending freely?  Sorry.  Your logic is faulty.
He did not use the word DEMOCRACY in his SPEECH one single time to the UN this morning. Are you really going to take HC from Vets?
The Navy's top officer, however, said he can't yet draw a direct link between those problems and a series of ship collisions. Did you read?
Do the future of America a favor....RETIRE!!
Well why are they crashing?
Obviously. That's why countries with smaller budgets and navies than ours (all of them) are always crashing their ships.

Oh wait...
"Losing a sale makes me crash my car" seems to be a lame attitude.

Always use a tragedy to grab more cash!!!

Fuck whoever claimed this.
Cutting insurance will kill people. Cancer patients like yourself will be forced to pay the price or die. Vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Training "the watch" is not a budget issue
Ur URGENT concern should be POTUS just called NK leader w nukes "Rocket Man" at UN. POTUS #1 threat to natl security! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
John. Please do not vote yes ! There is nothing good about this ..
Shameful that hard working Americans have to spend their time battling a hateful @GOP repeal bill again. Vile.
Agree! Very Vile!
So the guy steering the boat doesn't make enough money? 
He wrecked the boat to get a raise?
He killed his friends for more cash?
WHAT THE F
Not budget cuts.
Poor seamanship.
I spent 7 years under The Flag.
I am a Real Sailor.
Please healthcare is on chopping block again This G-Cbill is more harmful than previous one you voted down.Please vote NO on this hc bill 
President Trump is working on it. Stop working against him McVAIN! LOVE TRUMP POLICES! TAKING OUR COUNTRY BACK!
Trump's whats straining our democracy and the GOP is providing cover for him, despicable!
The problem isn't the budget, it's how the bureaucrats use it to garner political favor instead of men, material, and training, 1/3 wasted!
When you vote Yes with the Trump regime on this atrocity you will forever seal your legacy in history.
Perspective | The scourge returns: Cassidy-Graham repeal-and-replace bill is as bad as or worse than all the others http://wapo.st/2hevzEN 
Oh please. They got hacked, and a hack of a president won't help.
BUDGET CUTS?  WITH A $700 BILLION DOLLAR BUDGET!?!!?!?!?!   Why doesn't anyone in the media challenge such bullshit?
Cuts didn't cause ships to collide sir.  I don't need to know what did, I just want to know it was fixed and won't happen again.
Horrible
Healthcare! Where do you stand on that????
Budget cuts also affect bridges, roads, healthcare, diplomacy, education, not just our ability to kill people

New ACA repeal/kill people bill is worse than the last and GOP is NOT doing regular order
Perspective | The scourge returns: Cassidy-Graham repeal-and-replace bill is as bad as or worse than all the others http://wapo.st/2hevzEN 
Please Mr. McCain, I am 48. Grandmother of 1 yr and 4yr old. I do not want to be killed. I need federal subsidy to afford insurance for a DX
I got last year, autoimmune disease. I am only 48 years old. I work the American dream. I work for immigrant family that owns very small
business. I know I will eventually die. But with insurance I gain a few more memories with my grandchildren. Please vote NO to killing me
Please let me enjoy being a grandmother to Thomas and Kayleeanne for a few more years in the least amount of pain. I am begging you to
Please vote NO to killing me.
Same happens to Americans when you gut their health care and throw grannies out of the nursing homes
So Senator, did you and Lindsey and Mitch get rid of the cause of this, the sequestration that you all agreed to?

