As an Arizona constituent I want to know what you are doing abt this Senator?  Ur up against a lot of corruption in the @GOP that invite it
The senator is the CORRUPTION! McCain is a traitor. He wz pardoned by Nixon
Nice try, but we don’t operate in #fakenews. That’s ur group of people
gosh u ppl r good 4 a laugh!keep crying melting & hugging a puppy! WE WON! POTUS MAGA!
Last laugh is ours honey!  You will c!  Shall we send u a puppy—what breed do you like?  Ur gonna need it sweetie pie!
@theradardude @USATODAY 
Where did you go to get wounded and why?
Just fade away in peace man and quit trying to start another war
How will you undo what they've done to USA? #ImpeachTrumpNow & protect online personal data!
From the man who knows Assange: Hillary was the only candidate with  corrupt ties to Russia  
JULIAN ASSANGE: I investigated both presidential candidates — Hillary was the only one with corrupt ties to Russia
Including this country, with your help. Now that you know who GOP is responsible for electing, do something about it. Lead the impeachment.
And yet our government isn't doing anything proactive to make sure it doesn't happen again. Why is that?
Because this time around it helped the party in power, and looking for foresight in Congress is like looking for foreskin in Tel Aviv.
McCain=TRAITOR pardoned by Nixon
You should be in prison, McCain.  You have no business posting ANYTHING about meddling, except your own.  RETIRE!
Why won't the Republican Party stop them from doing this in US? Why are they complicit or even guilty of their own collusion and dirty money
Bc they have everything to gain from it...they don't care how they win-dirty cheaters
Please save our democracy, Senator
McCain's a Democrat in deeds... He won't save our country... sad and pathetic
I see a large bot turnout on this one.
Oh yeah. The more bots, the more desperate they are.
So have we ? Where is legislation regulating the tech companies ?
Wonder what American meddling would be documented at?
джоник есть хорошее французкое средство от парнойи называется гильотина
Ex-KGB Putin has been on his mission to "reverse" the clock to the Soviet-era, was in his final phase but failed in UK, France & Germany.
He's succeeded in the UK with the Brexit vote.
It seemed more like a breakup within the Tories.
I meant Putin couldn't let Corbyn win, which would be the worst for West, but was close.
McCain tweets link to another fake news website.
Dont be a stupid bot.  Blocked.
NFZ daje tylko 50%Mam renty800zł.Skąd wziąć brakującą    kwotę?Pomożecie?https://zrzutka.pl/zakupu-protezy-roboczej-i-kosmettycznej-prawej-reki … …  Pokonując wstyd proszę więc o pomoc.
Documented TRAITOR in Vietnam, doing video for the North Vietnamese. Good thing daddy was a high ranking official huh McCain. #KARMA
treat oneself джон, treat oneself, this парнойя
@Putin and his henchmen force #RussiaBack2Communism ! Instruments include #JealousyOfUSA, TV Radio and Internet #Propaganda
John stand up for our President never mind the Russians say something good about your own country
Please kick them out of our country!!!
Very interesting.
So why is it Trump refuses to say publicly it happened here, and his followers spread info claiming it's all a made up lie? Irresponsible.
Russia! Russia! Alleged......
You're worst than the democrats.....
John grasping at straws McCain!

How'd it work for you when you used them in '08 vs. Obama?
Imp't http://www.alternet.org/story/90956/john_mccain_--_61_flip-flops_and_counting …
Payback for the 1996 American intervention into the Russian election. Suck it up and quit whining.
Why don't you ask some more questions about #but her emails
And what is your point??
Thanks for staying on top of Russia. Would appreciate you voting NO on Graham-Cassidy amendment. BRCA not a good bill.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain ! Country over party. Democracy over oligarchy.
A voice of clarity amongst an ocean of tweet garbage
Damn.  Silly Russians thinking that they can compete with us when meddling with other countries.
Since he and Donnie Drumpf are besties there may be nothing anyone can do about it, unless we take his army away from him.  25th amendment.
Since 2004? Wow. Now tell us how long the US has meddled in every other country!!
We have much more serious issues than this to worry about at the moment.
What an absolute JOKE!! How many US meddlings in how many countries?  take a seat you corrupt hack
WHY in hell are you now going along with two-faced Lindsey Graham to repeal ACA and pull healthcare from 23 million?
But yet Donald denies this
No shit Sherlock.
Hillary and DNC more involved and colluded with Russia than anyone in recent years. Liberals using Russia as a coverup for corruption.
AND????
Better get our your Dossier Creator program Juan.  @foxnation @RealJamesWoods
DO SOMETHING
Do something about it!Eyebrow gymnastics aren't working with GOP enablers of Russia.It is a cancer which will only grow if not treated.
"Ac tive mea sures. 
Clap-clap. Clap-clap-clap!"
So maverick, whatcha gonna do about it?
Say mavericky stuff?
Retweet articles confirming the illegitimacy of trump while supporting him?
Between the GOP, Trump and McCain/Graham I have mental whiplash.
Lord help us all!  This is Horrible news.  One of your biggest fans!!!
Does this include the Dossier?
@SenJohnMcCain swing that bat Johnny! #TrumpRussia
Go in a nursing home already, war monger neo con!!!
Do something
And Who Helped? Are U willing to prosecute or Impeach?
Russia may catch up to US meddling in 89 countries.jealous Putin made Russia debt free, Mccain destroyed USA sunk Dollar like uSS Mccain
RINO
Hillary lost McCain. Support the POTUS
So what,can do nothing to stop it.  Get over it and get on to real business for countru
yes this is the path of Russian leaders
Your job is to pass tax and healthcare reform.  Start doing you job.
and you care why? Lindsey doesn't so you don't.
What are you doing to prevent it from happening here again?  Are you willing to admit meddling affected outcome and hold a new election?
allegations. ..yet to be proven. :D
And what is the count of countries the US has interfered in ?
Don't care
And how many countries has the US meddled with during that same time period?  You don't arrest the burglar you catch while your burgling.
Get off the Russia nut sack. Unless you like having your home state against you. Do you think of anything besides Russia?
What does the World do?
Rise up.
You don't get it do you!! We want healthcare replacement, tax reform and immigration reform. Get it DONE or you will be replaced like Flake!
GOP needs to get off their sanctimonious collective asses & ACT to acknowledge this AND take REAL actions to protect us!! #GOPownsMess
We don't believe anything you say,what about the dossier you gave the fbi

You are worried about Russian meddling with no http://proof.You  killed repeal of Obamacare-crazy priorities.
The US meddled in Israel courtesy of the Obama administration. Where was the outcry John? Can't have it both ways.
Your name should be TN TRAITOR
Doesn't matter!!! @GOP is doing everything in their power to derail congressional investigations, expecially in the house of reps. Complicit
rumored CIA meddling; proving true
neither is acceptable and ask why a foreign power wanted Trump for
'puppet' president
Our election was a farce!
I'm sure we've done our own share of meddling.
Alleged is right! The DNC wasn't hacked and you know it. You are a huge part of the problem.
So during your entire tenure of Senate, you did absolutely nothing about it until Trump's name was attached. Thanks for proof of uselessness
Allegedly I heard you were a U.S. Senator. Either they did or did not. No more insinuations. RETIRE Brutus
What happened in 2004? Why that year?
And confirmed in US in '16. So what is the GOP doing about it to ensure it doesn't reoccur in '18 and '20. Talk is cheap, let's see action.
