McCain your a fine one to be talking about pardons.Does yours count.
Clinton ,Obama, Sen, McCain, etc., why don’t they donate “big time” to vet charities?
It's CHELSEA MANNING, @WSJ, get her name right.
@xychelsea
i can't believe this is the EDITORIAL board
With all that RWNJ BS in the piece it sounds like it was just Rupert. Again.

1) no proof your claim is true by reputable news sources
3) that pic is taken out of context
2) still wouldn't compare in any way to Arpaio

Time for a full out blitz Mr. McCain!! Donnie's going down and you know it. Make sure he feels your foot on his head when he goes under!
Sure I will...  I'll ask you the same I ask all Trump lemmings. Will you support the findings of Mueller, good or bad?? I will...
Hilary should be in jail. Find any Russians yet. Probably  find Sasquatch first.
You guys have to be messing with me, right?? Nobody can honestly be this naive. That's it, right?? You guys got me... good one!!
So wait, you aren't messing with me?? You actually think he's not guilty of emoluments violations, obstruction, and collusion? Come on...
You're incredible Support our @Potus and @RealSheriffJoe His wife Ava is sick .  Do you have no shame ?  We won't talk Carol
Arpaio is responsible for the deaths of over 100 people due to his harsh inhumane treatment. He ignored judges & acted like sociopathic 1/2
Fascist. He did the crime, heartlessly & cruelly. He gave no sympathy & deserves none. He needs to go to jail. 2/2
Sad
John is it true you had a pardon
Songbird McCain needed a Pardon, well Nixon should of sent McCain up the river. Some people are just NOT WORTHY of a PARDON & McCAIN IS ONE!
World class TRAITOR! SENATOR JOHN McCAIN IS AN ENEMY OF AMERICA AND THE POTUS! HIS JEALOUSY FOR PRES. TRUMP HAS EFFECTED HIS SOUND JUDGEMENT
BUT KHARMAS HELL. RIGHT JOHN ??? HOWS THAT CHEMO GOING FOR YOU??? 
They are not equally bad. Sanctuary cities leading to illegals killing US citizens is 100 times worse than pardoning Arpaio.
That's bs about sanct cities. They don't allow illegals to kill. They allow undocumented citizens who are victims of crime to come forward.
Dismissing others viewpoint as BS does not advance the discussion. It eventually leads to name calling and polarization--not interested.
the man is sick and discussing. No human desserves that! He needs prison! 
You are the picture of hipocracy
You need to focus on declaring Antifa as a terrorist group!
The rule of law that would not allow him a jury trial?
@SenJohnMcCain Seeks To Distance Himself Leaking The Fake Trump Dossier As He Faces Possible Legal Consequences. https://www.fitnews.com/2017/7/12/john-mccain-linked-to-fakenews-again/ …
Thank God for President Trump, Sheriff Arpaio followed the law and was persecuted by obama admin & fake republican Mccain
trump must be illegal and arpaio afraid of doing time both deserve a prison husband
I love my President. MAGA and drain the swamp of these globalist pigs. we are taking our country back.
He was doing his job. Like you should be doing.
Excited to hear Sheriff Joe was pardoned of that ridulous misdemeanor charge! O's administration shouldn't have targeted law-abiding Joe!


http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
I guess you forgot when Nixon gave you a Parden for your War crimes. North Vietnamese called you Songbird. Wonder Why.
That SOB Arpaio belongs in prison. Preferably with people he has abused and imprisoned unjustly.
You mean Hillary lol
What? No, I don't mean Hillary. Sheriff is a cruel SOB that injured innocent people Cost his county mullions.  Jail time for him!
What about McCain he needed to be in prison and so does Hillary
Bye blocked
When the rule of law is wrong and illegal, then it is justified to abandon it. When a big group breaks the law, that group should b profiled
I didn't vote for trump but he is the president now just let him do his job
Retire
Must-read @WSJ: "The #MCcain Pardon

McCain receives pardon from Nixon. Charged with treason some things never change, right McCain?
Wsj attempt to justify Arpaio as a conservative is down right ignorance. Arpaio is no conversative. He's a violator of our Constitution.
Why are "republicans " like you trying to sabotage this administration? So disappointed
Guess the role has changed from when you should have been convicted for killing all those sailors and the disdain for the rule of law then!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for defending the rule of law.  We need more men like you on both sides of the aisle.
NO...one John McCain is one too many!!
When conservatives are attacked by liberals someone needs to have to courage to fight back. Pres. Trump just did.
I'll just set this right here. So what were you saying about "Rule of Law" John?
You also sided w/Antifa , Look perceptions are reality and I'm telling Sheriff would not be in this position had you done your Job, RSPCTFLY
Sen. I just want to say I am disappointed in you. As ex-military I thought you would be above all this.
Shut up.   Go big Joe!
Why don't you talk about how Joe was railroaded? People who should have recused or been excused with personal interests were involved.
Mr McCain doesn't Retiring sound good to you about now?
He deserved to be pardoned! Don't disrespect the decision! Your obstruction efforts are getting old!
Yes, but you're a Democrat
Obama did this with prison convicts,and more.
He is the antichrist, not yrump
John is an attention seeker. Loved by Democrats for selling out Republicans. John was a traitor in Vietnam. It's his nature
Obama admin railroaded this 85 year old man. Obama fixed a law w his subjective opinion on racial profile  just to snare political prisoner!
Arpaio is a patriot,hero a real American.He is not a traitor.
Be careful with that term, "liberal hypocrisy," John. You know, on account of the whole "Glass Houses" thing.
Regardless of right and wrong you will be against, because just about Trump

Please publicly call on Trump to resign. One Republican Senator or Rep needs to have the courage to do it first. Others will follow.
Flagrant disregard for the Law? 6th Amendment says Right to Jury Trial, (period). Incarceration without trial is Fascism. USConst is the LAW
Better than the traitor that your buddy Obama Pardoned , and you are one to know about Traitors , public records speak for themselves .
If you are implying McCain was a traitor, you are unequivocally incorrect
@realDonaldTrump  - just to piss @SenJohnMcCain off, throw in an extra pardon for Dinesh D'Souza!!!
Time for you to GET OUT of the REP PARTY! ALL of a sudden your concerned about the rule of law..where was your concern the last 8 years!
Not the other.
Letting the illegals stay in the country is against the rule of law ,too. Where do you draw the line. You can't be for rule of law in one
You are Jealous of Trump because he Won and you didn't!  The ppl of AZ need to Vote you and Loser Flake out! Sheriff Joe was doing his job!
Senator McCain, first off, let me thank you for the hard work you continue to do for the citizens of the USA, there are many citizens that
He tortured children shackled mothers giving birth and lit dogs on fire and laughed - disgusting
Sen McCain, stand down.
Arpaio is a racist pig just like his pardoner. Birds of a feather flock together.
Love Joe & Trump. Finally men who want our country to get better. Not men who sell out their country for a few bucks.
Like McCain
WE cannot support the liberals who go on witch hunts against us. Time to stop this now! Arpaio is a great Conservative! He served well.

We are ALL glad Trump Pardoned Joe!  You need to retire!




BE SURE YOU SINS WILL FIND YOU OUT...........God
The President represents the nation u represent ur state. I think u struggle with that fact. Stay in ur lane "Senator"
did you raise any concerns when Obama pardon hundreds of criminals during his time in office?? the several terrorist he pardon, your so fake
Go John
Oh for heavens sake.   Aren't you needed elsewhere ?
And you didn't see Dems going on a media tour to bash Obama after his pardons for convicted criminals who put Americans in harm's way.
Obama pardoned real criminals. Over 500 lifers. You are a traitor to your constituents.
https://mobile.twitter.com/snicker1245/status/902462522145603584/photo/1 …
Arpaio showed no remorse for his unconstitutional behavior.  Yes trump can pardon who he wants but this was very bad call.
In America we don't put 85 year olds in jail for a misdemeanor! PARDON YES
This Russian sympathizing president has no respect for the rule of law and the sooner the Republican party stands up to this the better.
Since when you care about the rule of law? The sheriff was enforcing it. Hillary was breaking it. You are a criminal yourself. Jail awaits.
I just want to ask you why do you masquerade as a honest politician
John McCain’s 1969 “Tokyo Rose” Propaganda Recording Released
If not for daddy and grand daddy you would be in Leavenworth
Enough talk congress #DOsomething
A**hole, the President is within his right to grand pardons to whomever he chooses. Your approval is not required!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y … thoughts on your Communist propaganda from 1969?
"Tokyo Rose"


What, just keep turning the other cheek? No thanks enough
everyone deserves what they get. Your almost there. worry about yourself. leave the rest to God





Thank you sir. I respect you now and forever. I swear on everything sacred to me. Even us on the left need your leadership in FED. GOV.
Didn't vote for Joe but he kept us safe.  He is 85/Vet and diserves better from you.  Your on a crusade to take down DT but forget about AZ

Nope. Wrong again, Mr. Fake News.
This wasn't rule of law, Obama DOJ filed contempt of court charges to deny Arpaio a jury trial...which he would have won! U R a disgrace!

Please tell us about your pardon from Nixon and how you got the nickname "SONGBIRD".

Tell us about your pardon from Nixon .
Actually tell us about the 311 POW's you left in Laos and why you torpedoed the Truth bill TWICE, in '89-'91
Glad Joe got his pardon!
Thanks @realDonaldTrump for pardoning a sheriff who enforced immigration laws that Reps like this one completely ignored. #MAGA #retire
I wouldn't care if Arpaio pulled me over just because I'm Hispanic. I'm all for being of an assistant to help them. That's the difference
I'll take Arpaio. When ever has sleeping in tents and questioning those who resemble someone your looking for become a crime??
@realDonaldTrump @TheFiveOnFox @foxandfriends @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @CNN @washingtonpost @nytimes Is this American "war hero"? PATHETIC
Have you FORGOTTEN!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @TheFiveOnFox @foxandfriends @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @CNN @washingtonpost "Conservative" hypocrisy" Obama's Bo the Doggy

McCain told our enemies everything they wanted to hear so they called him SONGBIRD. Nixon pardoned him. McCain got all POW records hidden
Just take a knee already John McCain!
Weren't you pardoned for REAL MISDEEDS?
ie. FORRESTAL CONFLAGRATION AND SONGBIRD ACTIVITIES. ...How dare you even show your face in public
Trump will never date you
I agree with your statement&no one is above the law.Asking4donations 2pay4his legal fees?Shame.This was a  distraction4Trump.Thoughts& 2u
Lmao
Sen McCain, are you a RINO? We, the American people, saw Arpaio's charges for what they were, a witch hunt.
What's wrong being a Rhino.  Ignorance is devotion to a Party without compromise.
You compare what Arpaio did to Manning?  Really?  You know @POTUS44 is no longer in office right?  So...
All very fine except for the "Liberal Hypocrisy" nonsense.
So, amoral liberals are not to be criticized for their contempt of the judicial process?
Arpaio’s pardon is the same message as the transgender ban...
Trump is pushing/normalizing state sanctioned discrimination...
Trump's not interested in the rule of law or military readiness... he's establishing state sanctioned discrimination...

Weren't you given a pardon? Maybe you shouldn't have received one, I know Manning shouldn't have. Glad Sheriff Joe got one.
No. John McCain was never pardoned.
So what is unlawful about the pardon?  What is lawful about telling cops not to question potential illegals?  Profiling is essential.
Arpaio cares about protecting Americans. Arpaio is vigilant in saving taxpayers money.  Diametrically opposite #hero2zero McCain
I wish mccain had half the integrity the joe arpio has
Arpio is a true hero..mc cain is NOT!!
Please #ImpeachTrump and his hateful white supremacy agenda! We have your back in AZ!
Go away
I'm with you, Senator. Thank you for your ongoing integrity that transcends party lines. Wish there were more like you.

Shameless McCain gets best medical care on planet. While Vets died waiting for care in his states VA hospital. How's that make u feel hero?
You prefer terrorist and murderers
Coming from the traitor Senator
He's not a traitor. He's an American hero. Get your facts straight
All is must read that tells me you can't even tweet you have an aid for that so when are you going to realice the times"
Is it possible to Take Away Trump's  Pardon power I guarantee that would change his cocky attitude!
Lmao
Give me a break you are so outside of what the people want and you have been a life long politician that is behind the times"
How about that wet start!!
Wow McCain are you happy you gained all this Democrat support but they won't vote for you
Let us read the CLASSIFIED transcripts from ur days in Hanoi.... #SONGBIRDMCCAIN
Must-read @BrookingsInst https://www.brookings.edu/blog/health360/2015/11/13/how-obamacare-inadvertently-threatens-the-financial-health-of-small-businesses-and-what-states-should-do-about-it/ … - Does the Senator care? Hell no.
God Bless President Trump!!! A TRUE American hero! He's trying to save us from the destruction of US by obama, democrats and RINO's like YOU
Did the Liberal media send you a check this week @SenJohnMcCain
Protecting Americans is patriotism John! U like letting criminals in our country illegally, you were a joke of a candidate for PresidentRino
No one is above the law. Hillary Clinton & the Obama administration comes to mind. What did you do to stop them? NOTHING!
STOP THEM FROM WHAT? Must have got your info from FOX NEWS.......You don't know what your saying...RESEARCH IT!
John, you don't see the charges against Mr. Arpaio as being purely political? Really! It's time to support the pres.,  not the left agenda.
45 was looking for better ratings Fri nite re Arpaio pardon while TX under water Arent u furious He casts dark cloud over nation He must go!
Arpaio didnt let illegals walk. If it's so important why wasn't he stopped a long time ago? Let that sink in
