sizin göreviniz diplomatları korumak. Onların güvenliğini sağlamalıydınız,orada teröristlerin gösteri yapmasına izin vermemeliydiniz.
Starting to behave like Maxine Waters.
Yourmuslims friends have once again killed 19 kids in Manchester,England.Apparently ISIS has tweeted they are responsible
But still @POTUS is still silent.  Stop supporting him.  Speak out as a true GOP.  Shane the yes men into care for nation versus party
Are you #complicit, Sir? Time for the #GOP to stand up to #corruption! Time for action, not words! #TrumpRussia
#TRUMPLEAKS DOCUMENT LEAK:

419 docs—Trump lawsuits-contracts-leases-settlements—all legally obtained.…
That's the who-gives-a-shit headline of the year.
Let me know if you like to follow Kurdish conflict in Turkey. 
https://twitter.com/hadi_elis/status/843636525908803586 …
Songbird Mccain until recently u supported the Despot Erdogan who gave your arms to ISIS/Rebels now http://against.You  sick fraud.
You, Sir R apart of the problem in USA as U helped make the left intollerance.
Time to quit all the in-fighting in DC, and unite to develop a plan to defeat the terrorist factions who wish all of us harm.
Incredible, and to think that they form part of NATO and essentially our ally!
But I am guessing you won't say anything bad about it. You can get away with anything if you let the US have an airbase in your country.
Karl Oliver needs to be reprimanded.  Republicans need to disavow what he said. You should take the initiative and be first.
Tell them to close the Embassy & hit the road until they can behave like civilized adults. Tell Trump to stop inviting trash to the US.
Yes, you can make it up. You should know.
Hon.McCain turkey should go unpunished and immuned from attacking US Citizens on US soil. DictatorSS can not test the greatest Democracy!
In the Netherlands Erdogan voters trow rocks at cars , when the Dutch police run them away Erdogan called us Dutch nazi's and fasists.
Teröristleri koruyup Türkiye Büyükelçisi'ne laf söylemek çifte standarttır
My friend was just jacked by two Dominicans in the Bronx. Please order nuclear strike on Dominican Republic ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!

Why are you not doing more to help the GOP?
Where were you when Erdogan was locking up thousands of innocents you fraudster. Resign in shame. You created Erdogan.
@SenJohnMcCain your the last hope of getting the other republicans to see the light of day with Trump. He has no respect for this country.
John McCain This is what ur part of, I bet your real proud
Sen McCain, why don't don't you give these Turkish folks a pocket sized copy of the Constitution and highlight the first amendment for them.
of course they have to save face and somehow we have to allow it; otherwise, it gets bigger instead of resolving. human nature.
Of course Turkey can't make it up because Turkey never keep "expression of solidarity with terrorism" like US do.
This is totally outrageous! Keep speaking for the American People! And #ImpeachTrumpPence

Turkey blames US officials for "aggressive and unprofessional actions" during President Erdogan's visit last week
http://bbc.in/2qacvuC  
John does. Anything look tasty,  I know you,ve had it !!
Thus is an open letter sent to President Trump 
https://twitter.com/hadi_elis/status/830909701906907137 …
Pretty soon you will be allied only to liberal, European countries. The Asians want Order, the Latins crave dictatorship and the Africans ??
#BENNIDICTARNOLDJOHNMCCAIN
ITS TIME YOU BACK AND SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP AMERICA IS FED UP WITH YOU BEING A TRAITOR,YOU HAVE NO PROOF YET ATTACK HIM AND OUR PARTY
All need to be made persona non grata
Since you think you can save the world WTF are you doing about it? Nothing? I mean besides whine.
Deflect and blame others, eerily familiar to another dictator wannabe here in the U.S. eh @SenJohnMcCain
please action, not words Senator. Country over party.
Today Turkish police in #Ankara locked up protesters in a police vehicle who were then tear gassed, leading to coughing & choking
Just retire man. You just talk hot air now. Give up the job now.
I agree, Senator. Turkey must miss #Flynn. Please protect our Democracy from #TrumpRussia - the rest of the GOP puts self-interest above all
Ask Flynn to explain it to them.
well, if they were so offended, there's a simple solution. Don't step foot on American soil ever again.
You're kidding me? Please tell me SOMEONE is standing up for Americans, their rights, ON OUR SOIL.
expel the scum
This is outrageous.
To make it worse this President hasn't even mentioned the incident much less denounced it.
How about this? You be responsible for taking action regarding Trump, and I'll be responsible for coming on Twitter and bitching about him.
RUSSIA.
TRUMP'S silence = what does Turkey have on him and FLYNN ?
do not let them cut my medicare i will be a dead man with out my insurance enough is enough please grow some balls we need u
Erdogan is going to align with Putin if he hasn't already. He needs knocked down a few pegs.
Senator - I appreciate what you've done 4 R country. When will you walk the talk and not support Trump? Country over party.
Frightening.  Secretary of State and Administration haven't condoned violence? Flynn tied to Turkey, then takes 5th? Congress must act now.
Sounds like another impeachable offense by Trump. Or maybe you can hop in a Navy jet and bomb the Turkey embassy.
Am I the only one having trouble w/ understanding the title of the article?
YK
Agree completely. Kick them all out. They obviously disdain / abuse our freedoms. Sen McCain. Raise up loud & proud WE NEED YOU &LG. Truth!
All video showed the Turkish security beating the peaceful protesters.
A sociopath will accuse others of what they're guilty of.  That's their modus operandi
I'm sure a curtsy from potus would make everything better.
McCain, are you going to sit around and let our country become Turkey or Russia?
Time to throw the Turkish Ambassador out
Expel their ambassador ; move the air base in turkey to another country
Unbelievable
Huh? This sentence makes no sense. Am I missing something
Obviously Turkey feels confident that Trump will protect them.  Traitor Trump and his trickle down effects
The president doesn't seem to care to protect US citizens and the freedom of speech God bless you on your efforts for justice !!!
Thank You dear Senator McCain  Today you proved that you are on the right side 
This is a shame on US allowing this to happen Unbelievable!
If WH kowtow's to this request (Fake)POTUS officially declaring he values dictatorships over constitution
Please push to eject Turkish ambassador
Keep your damn fights on your side of the world and stay out of America.
I would be very comfortable having Sen. McCain handle the Turkish "summons". Pretty sure I would, for that moment, be a proud American again
Senator, How should the US respond?
So tired of your constant criticism and bashing not to mention your nauseating negativity about everything  ultimate definition of a bully
Will you butt out and let the State department handle this.
Erdogan ordered his thugs to viciously beat up American citizens up on American soil, this cannot go unpunished!
.@CNN .@TGowdySC Johnny How did Obama know the DNC was hacked The FBI was denied access Did he hack the DNC? it's the only way he could know
get off twitter, you lazy old coot.
This is outrageous!  Don't they know that only AMERICAN police are allowed to brutalize our citizens?!
.@nytimes .@CNN .@FoxNews Since we R investigating Russia than Johnny would agree we need to C Y none of the HC emails listed uranium deals
They shouldn't ever let any of them back in our country unless they want an ass whooping
We heard non stop that other Countries  did not respect the US during O admin. Disrepect or Complicity against the US. What do you prefer?

Senator, why hasn't our so called president and Sec of State reacted to this?  Yes, they are overseas, but that shouldn't negate response.
.@nytimes .@CNN I'm sure Johnny would agree that the.@HilaryClinton case needs 2 B reopened 2 C what emails include the uranium deal
Look like it's Sessions' move now.

The summons should be packed up along w/their belongings. Go back to Turkey! We're not a Country who tolerates Govt ppl beating protesters!
Don't we have a President who could say or do something about this?
What kind of bizarre reality are we living in?
.@CNN .@nytimes .@FoxNews U noticed Johnny won't mention the Dem conspiracy Why is that? Because he knew https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs 
To have the audacity to do it in the First place is one thing and now to rub our nose in it shows how weak they think our potus is.
America being submissive to Russia , Turkey. The GOP patriotism was always a ploy for votes with no real backing, just for votes, sad
Stir it up McCain! You are one of a kind 
Fight back sir.
This is what happens when your party supports a man child who needs flattery from dictators to keep going.
.@CNN .@FoxNews .@nytimes @musclegray Johnny & Chucky knew Soros paid protesters 2 interfere with this election paying violent protesters
This is all GOP and you guys are deficient in up holding American values but Turkey is sure upholding their authoritarian values
Very weak reaction by Trump and Tillerson on the Turkey incident. The US should have made an hard action on the attackers and warn Turkey
Turkey will be able to tell when their thugs get mistreated by the toe tags.
I see you're walking back your Watergate comments @SenJohnMcCain . Putting party before country? So disappointed.
And the president remains silent!!!
.@nytimes .@CNN .@FoxNews We need to investigate what conversations has John or Chuck had with Soros in the last 2 weeks Times & Locations
Like Trump, they turn themselves into the "wronged" when they are the "wrongdoers." Corrupt regime...
Kick out the ambassador.
We have video proof that the exact opposite occurred. I saw it.
This is what happens when you invite the trash into your house...they get rowdy & destroy everything. Well done Trump! Who's next, N. Korea?
They do know it's on video, right ? Seriously smh 
Kick them out! The class of Trumps friends is disgusting.
Please continue to address this incident.
What you doing about it, Senator?
He has no authority here. He's doing the most he can which is speak out against these thugs. Which is a lot more than you
^^^ Saddest comeback award.   Good work!
.@nytimes .@CNN John or Chuck aren't talking about how their largest donor Soros interfered with this election John just talked with Soros
Do you not know who your next over lord will be comedy of deaths in paradise i think
THIS is who trump idolizes. If he had his way we would be Turkey. Is @GOP going to impeach &save our country or is @GOP not done looting?
Yeppers John america you have been naughty you made the new middle east dictator cross because of freedom of speech shame on you USA  shame
John McCain is a hero to this country. Shame on those who cannot hold an opposing view without tweeting like whiny babies and insulting him.
What has happened to our country?
Why aren't we SCREAMING abt this? asking the person in the WH what the heck he is doing about this!!! Oh, I forgot. DJT us Erdogan's bbf.
.@CNN .@nytimes @musclegray .@FoxNews There's no way Obama could know the DNC was hacked unless he hacked the DNC They refused Comey access
Why are you the only Republican to condemn this, including the President?
Get 'em John! They reduce human rights and then want to get mad at us for being victims to their attacks.
Sen.McCain, at what point does this become too much? In bed with Russia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia and dismantling the US safety net. Is this ok?
Looks like your letter produced the opposite result from your intention. Can't we do something in retaliation from a level below POTUS?
Can you help me get #Turkey off my lawn in illegally invaded occupied settled North #Cyprus please ?
RETIRE !!!!! You can then draw FULL TIME wage from @CNN....Backstabber
Opposite world.  It would be as if the @GOP took everything away from those in need and gave everything to those who don't? Oh, wait a sec 
Because we aren't respected by Turkey anymore.
You're all talk no action.  Absolutely useless.
I appreciate your take on this @SenJohnMcCain . I agree they all should have been tossed out, like Trump did to US citizens at his rallies!
Lol u're ally of Erdodog #AbuMccain
Yes, peaceful Kurdish demonstrators got blood over Erdogan goon's shoes.
Elites & their accomplices in #MSM can & do make it up all day long. #GameOver
Time for you to retire "maverick"
Sen. John McCain walks back Watergate comments on Pres. Trump controversies http://cbsn.ws/2qOu70d  
You go Senator..  you're the only Republican with any balls in that whole mess called government.
Are you "disturbed" today McCain?  Why don't you whine some more, and then vote exactly the way your god-emperor tells you to vote.
Impeach him ASAP!
Go away McCain. Senile old fool who craves attention. Media lapdog. Pushes media + Dem talking points. War mongering, incompetence =Mccain
Turkey can apparently make things up as well as you can defending @realDonaldTrump
Your doing more harm to the GOP then you ever have to help.  Support the POTUS or dont say anything at all..
Oorrrrrrrrrrrrr he can support his own views as an individual and not comply with views he does not agree with. After all, this is America
And our President has yet to condemn the actions of Erdogan's thugs against US citizens...shameful!
There are no words
Make up your mind kid. It's time to take sides. Either your with us or against us. These RETHUGS need a strong resistance movement. Join us?
Thanks. I know whatever side your on is the corrupt side.
Turkey turning up the gaslighting to new levels!
Screw 'em.
