The people of the #Resistance rose to your defense. We prayed for you. We spoke out against those who criticized you. You betrayed America
That's true Kiki. I was one of those people. Never again
I won't wish him ill, but I will never waste another minute defending him.
Same here.
You're nicer than me. To me he is dead- not my wish- but in my heart
https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/889938450421399553 …
Have a nice sleep
Sigh
And the people on Medicaid in Arizona are afraid for their lives thanks to you.
Medicaid is for the elderly and disabled.
And the poor, thanks to the ACA.
Obama turned everybody into a bunch of needy people that want everything for free.
Yep. Just like the UK. They will decide for you. Socialism.
The UK covers every single citizen for less money and they have better health outcomes. Painting them as shitty is ignorant.
We're grateful for you and your service ... but your vote today was shameful.
Do your homework. You are wrong.
I've followed it pretty well, and I think I'm right. But I'm always interested in a reasoned counterpoint.
It wasn't a vote to repeal or replace. Simply a vote to open it to discussion or debate. Anything lost will still be part of the ACA.
Right. I get that. However, it is far outside of normal order which is the procedure McCain says we should return to.
The normal order?  That must be the ridiculous status quo. It's time to cross the aisle and work on what's best for the American people...
...debate is necessary.
Yes it is. And debate begins in committee with both parties represented discussing a bill BEFORE it goes to the floor.
You just voted to take away people's healthcare when you didn't have to. You're a monster. An absolute monster.
What? Who? McCain? The hero who couldn't stand up to Trump?
He doesn't even have to worry about re-election and he used his power to cause misery for no reason other than his own gratification. Sick.
He didn't vote to take away healthcare? He just called to scrap the bill and start working bipartisan, accepting you won't get everything
Congrats! You could have gone down in history as war hero who stood up against a deceitful piece of but... it was not to be!
you ought to be ashamed of your vote on health care repeal.
RETIRE!
But don't lie about the process 8 years ago about #ACA, debated in Senate 2009.
ignoring the wishes of 82% of the people (2/2)

Rather go to jail then die without Medicaid #ADAPTandRESIST  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEY6rzFxTFFHVkxiYk9rRUp8MXZBeFJObGFyUFB4bIdg5n1UoOO2_hDU_i9m8B58kMdzZTFt-Y-kIh7cp8I3 …
how much are the premiums going to go up in AZ?  I hope the ppl of AZ that voted 4 u have some $$ to pay & I hope they remember next electn
in this case, a no vote today would have been helpful to many patients in the future
You talk like a maverick but are a republican sell out! How could you possibly come as a cancer patient & rip healthcare from millions?!
For this Californian..it's a big role!!!
I'm so angry at you right now. You will be forever remembered for this vote.
You just voted against what #AZ asked. We wanted a NO vote. You did not listen to your employers. We the people. I am disappointed in you.
Ok ok...you were king hero for a day.  Move on
You are an incredibly impressive man-thank you, Senator!
How could you vote to take away peoples healthcare when you yourself were just dx with brain cancer? Very foolish, Senator. #Partyoverpeople
Thank you for your service & your vote today. Your Colleagues should have done their part so you didn't have to make the trip.
Bite me
Time for you to resign. #Rino
@MeghanMcCain begging for healthcare reform for your home state of Arizona.Down to one insurance co,high premiums,high deductibles.Remember
You let down AZ and the U.S. Time to retire. We support a fresh new replacement in AZ.
Yeah, now is not the time to be talking right now John.
While you keep yours, you voted to take healthcare away from millions. History will not remember you fondly. This day has 4ever defined you.
I humbly stand corrected. Thank you.
so proud to be from AZ as you voted last night in the Senate    You are our hero   thanks
Im grateful to Sen McCain for going to vote aye, so Senate can still work toward solution to ACA! Great speech, Sir! Fight on! Praying for u
Why you vote Yes ? You have the money right I have respect for you now I feel sadness for you .
Must be nice to be able to vote to proceed on a bill that repeals the #ACA when your health bills will continue to be paid by us.
I have always respected you as a Maverick. We could have used a Maverick today. Instead, we got a 'Yes Man'. #SaveACA
@SenJohnMcCain I'm giving u the benefit of the doubt 4 destroying peoples lives today. I hope yr plan was to seal the death of the @GOP.
So nice that we the taxpayers supply cadillac insurance for his cancer but he votes yes to take our insurance away.
Actually, he voted to bring the bill to the floor. Democrats should feel free to step in to try to make it better. Instead of "Resisting"
@SenJohnMcCain back from surgery paid for by the best insurance taxpayer money can buy #Irony #JohnMcCain
I haven't always agreed with your political beliefs. I have never been more proud of a politician. You did what was right for Az and USA 
I am so so so disappointed in you.
Blow it out your ass. Next time, stay home and send the tumor. @SenJohnMcCain
Shame on you John McCain. What a wretched legacy now, while we pay for your health insurance. A disgrace to vets.
You have far more power than Trump. Today you just gave it all away. But I think you knew that. Get off your knees.
You voted against the best interest of Arizonans and all Americans- shame on you.
Arizona wants u out
Too bad you decided to go and disappoint us all. Shame. 
Ok well I'm glad this tweet didn't age well??? LIKE THAT'S GOOD.
you've taken a step towards giving 22 million people the freedom to needlessly suffer, go bankrupt and die. Good job (1/2)
You're dead to me john.
I just wish I could ask @SenJohnMcCain just 1 question... why he voted the way he did after what he went through last week

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
The only problem is it's the wrong side of history. Sad day for US and you.
Yet as one of your final acts in the Senate, you spit on us? Disgusting.
If you truly wanted regular order, you would have voted no and forced a real debate following appropriate rules.
I am hopeful that the ppl of AZ are true Americans and have finally figured out that you aren't
you will go down in history as a murderer
ok now i have to eat my words. Thank you, McCain!
I've always respected you, even gave you the benefit of the doubt when Palin was chose for you as a running mate, but today is a dark day...
I Boo'd Trump when he said u werent a hero and i dnt like Republicans but i stood up and sed hell yes he is a hero. Sir, how cud u?
McCain deserves the credit for winning this round, but I do wonder if Murkowski or Collins were a yes, if he would have still voted no?
You must be addressing the liberals, your certainly not serving conservatives.
When given the choice.  You chose party. You're no hero.
Not next time
We are not greatful for you going against the President we voted for. You are the problem. Not our President
Too bad ppl of Arizona can't buy into your healthcare system as their rates rise by 117%.
Traitor!!
Pretentious words.
We're both fighting for our lives, Sen McCain. But between us, I'm only one uncertain of receiving necess care w/o bankrupting my family.
I wish you well w/your fight. But anxiety & fear my family & I have felt due to insurance uncertainty continues. The cruelty is staggering.
I cry every nite worrying if i will have to sell my home to pay for my cancer treatment.  Without the ACA, i will.
I'm so sorry you are going through this. I understand and my thoughts are with you.
I am registered a Dem but applaud and support you!  It's not about political class, it's what is RIGHT!!!
Total bull, do not be fooled.
The people of AZ would be grateful if you stood up for us, and did the right thing. You didnt. You caved to party lines and sold us out.
I take it back. Today, you earned my respect. As a Democrat, who once was willing to vote for your presidency, I am humbled. Thank you!
Premiums increasing higher in your state than anywhere.  Keep taking care of those who pay nothing! Well done sir!  Be proud!
enjoy your HIGH premiums AZ and spending your savings if you have any on medical bills with Obamacare mandate. Thanks for nothing McCain.
- you just voted to prevent other cancer patients from receiving the same care available to you! Shame on you!
None of us have access to their same healthcare plan.
t- yes - Congress is required to use ACA - and @SenJohnMcCain a also has Veterans benefits
That's incorrect data.
Before the hate starts pouring in, just wanted to remind you that most Americans love you. You're a true American hero, Senator.
He had a responsibility today. You should be reassuring those with pre existing conditions.Wretched McCain.
Was his responsibility to vote against regular order in the US Senate?
If necessary, yes. Didn't matter so much to him when it came to Merrick Garland.
Of course it mattered to him. But Democrats were refusing to uphold Senate tradition by advancing a
highly-qualified nominee.
A ridiculous statement. President nominates, Senate deliberates. That's the process. McCain the grandstander.
Traditionally, the Senate confirms as long as the nominee is qualified - & they definitely don't filibuster. Dems blew up Senate traditions.
I believe you have your chronology off. I applaud your loyalty. In this you are misguided.
Enjoy your time serving, it's coming to an end
Then you should have voted NO.
Why did you vote for the bill hours after saying you wouldn't?
Letting people die because they don't have healthcare isn't a small role.
Your role in history will be like that of Benedict Arnold, a traitor to your country and constituents. #ShameOnMcCain
Live out the rest of your days in shame.

With respect sir I pray 4 U a speedy recovery.
 I know U have the best care possible. It is a crime U voted to take away care to millions
The American people pay for your health care and you just voted to take it away from us!! SHAME ON ALL OF YOU
You suck and should be a shame of yourself.

Good to be back down to business you said you wouldn't vote for a gobbledegook health bill but you did to keep Putin puppet Trump in office
Oh PULEASE.... spare us your  BULLSHIT...
I was hoping you @SenJohnMcCain  would stand up to  @realDonaldTrump &  B that hero yrs ago who stood up to the viet cong. That hero is gone
I am very disappointed in your vote. Your constituents deserve better
This day will go down in history! As the death knoll of the Republican Party. I wish you no ill. How could you?
I hope that you got saw your hospital bill prior to your vote.  That way you knew that you condemned millions to sickness and death
Shame on you
The "maverick" who inflicted Palin on the nation has now added another horrible decision to his resume.
The only reason you're even alive to cast that traitorous vote is due to your healthcare.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
False hope too, my wife was tough but lost her battle
Ashamed of you.  Too bad the American people can't vote to take away the senators health insurance since we pay for it
Sad. Not a good move, Senator.
You've disgraced your country and your integrity today by voting yes.
Yup, you played your role.
Disappointed! Most Americans could not been able to afford the medical procedure and after care that you will receive to lengthen your life!
You're probably grateful to tRUMP for your wife's appointment to his administration? Think you traded integrity for her new job? Happy?
Dems and independents love you for your service, keep fighting @SenJohnMcCain
If you want to really serve put out a amendment to put all of Congress on Obamacare & ditch your elitist plan. Then Obamacare repeal certain
You're a sell out. All talk.
You have no spine. I really thought you of all the Republicans would do what is right especially after your diagnosis.
And who exactly are you serving Senator? Because it sure as hell doesn't feel like it's the people it Arizona, the ones you SHOULD BE 
So BE HONEST with them.  GOP plans are a DISASTER  Don't give your people away to INSURANCE CON ARTISTS. FIX the ACA today!
Stop using the health care i pay for.  You don't deserve it
You just destroyed any legacy you might have had... 
Party over people and country, eh Senator!
Sen. McCain, during your 30 years in Senate, the National Debt has grown to $20 Trillion! Total lack of leadership from you Senate & House.
Not defending Mccain, but the debt was going to double regardless, like it has every 8 years since Ford was in office
What does Nation expect from Man who would put it at grave risk by placing Palin heartbeat away from Presidency.Great shame today.
You're a coward and traitor. You do not deserve any of your medals nor awards. Give them back. You're no hero
It's time for ppl to read the fine print and start electing who we really want.
Uworked against us/After all you have been through how can you turn on ppl in your state especially the children/ppl in need. Disappointed
You sure that cancer ain't in your spine, chickenshit?
@MeghanMcCain your Dad just voted to allow another man to look at his daughter and say "I am dying of cancer and can't afford treatment".
You are using ACA to save your health but just voted with your party to end the AMERICAN PEOPLE's health! No longer a maverick now a MITCH
And i thought you had a clue, just another RUBEpublican. Vote w/the wallet. Waste of taxpayer prayers.
Ted Kennedy left his sickbed to give millions of Americans health care. 
"Maverick' left his to taketh away.
Some hero.
I still hope you won't approve a crappy healthcare bill. You did let millions down today sir.
You toed the party line, nothing more. Service my ass.
I'm very sorry about your brain tumor and I will pray for you but please go away!
Yeah it's all about you, right John?
You are a hateful partisan.
You're a Republican 1st; American 2nd. No one believes you will vote against the bill, no matter what it strips from real Americans. #Fraud
Thank you Senator McCain for your heroic acts in your life & today in returning for the vote.  God bless you in your healing of your cancer.
you dissapointed
Eloquent words, only problem is with them, they follow the ideology of Charles Koch. Survival of the wealthy

PS she worked 4  a hospital

Just lost my dad to cancer.  Life is short. Time is a commodity. Won't you work across the aisle &  bring us single payer health insurance?
I hope I hit the lotto because being rich is the only way I can save myself from death and the only way I can afford the expensive meds
When I die because I no longer have insurance I will make sure my family sends you a thank you note.
What a shame you didn't stand up for what you said you believed in
I wish you well! Glad to see you back. But, healthcare for all.Please don't  vote to throw off millions of people.What if U were them?
I wish you had voted no but I respect you so much. Please help fix ACA.. not distroy people like me with Trumpcare.
You're a sad, pathetic man. You came from receiving the best healthcare available in order take healthcare from the American people.
Really disappointed. I thought you would have been humbled by your recent experience and taken empathy for the PPL.
We love you, too, John.
Today you destroyed everything you fought for in Vietnam. You've just voted to kill millions of people. You must be so proud.
Won't you all feel silly when you hear what actually was done, and especially said, by Sen. McCain today. I hope you return to apologize.
Praying for your health and miracle healing. God Bless You Senator McCain-the American People love you and support you!
You showed yourself to be the partisan hack you are.  Party before country.
You just voted to take my healthcare away. Go home. Stay home.
I used to have respect for you.
You should be ousted.  #shame
But now it is time for you to retire - you have done about as much damage as possible to this nation.
Any reason you didn't use the VA hospital?
You suck
You should be ashamed of voting for appeal because during this time your vote should be for good not evil#may God have mercy on your soul
You had a chance to be a hero to the American people a second time. I'm so disappointed in your vote.
I respect you but would you vote for healthcare as you do if your coverage matched average Americans(an expensive death sentence)?
You have no courage left! You're afraid to call out the fascist in our White House, and rubberstamp Wackobirds' bills! Party BEFORE Country!
booo on you
Great speech Mr McCain.
GOD BLESS YOU..you are a great man
You should be grateful that you have healthcare when you're voting to rip it away from so many. #TeamTumor
Thank you Sen McCain. Our prayers are and will be with you. You are a patriot and a true servant to this country.
screw you Senator. you are all talk and nothing but one of the greedy aholes who care nothing about average Americans
Do you mean by helping to kill those people with your terrible vote?
Took away healthcare from the people that paid for yours.
Shame on you sir.

Senator Mc Cain. I just watched your message to congress and the American people...I am so proud I am an Arizonan . I am also a neighbor
Shame on you you took party over people I feel no sympathy for you and your near battle you should be ashames
Your legacy will be the ripping of healthcare from millions while you get the best healthcare. Sickening, disgusting. Cowardly.
It's sad what u did today.  You have government healthcare and million of dollars.  You have not done right by your constituents in AZ #Sad
Shame on you for supporting Pres. Trumps foolish desires to lie and break down Ametica. We in America expected better of a war hero like you
#ShameOnMcCain
