Very scary Sir, definitely pay attention!
We need to look at all our regional power outages to see if they are tests. "They" have patience and will test over time.
You can't pick & chose what is serious based on party. DNC hack? Russian hack of many states voting machines? Any of this ring a bell?
But @SenJohnMcCain , @realDonaldTrump  says that @washingtonpost is #FakeNews .
What the hell have you been doing up there. This isn't new.
Sometimes I feel like you are praying for Obama to return.  Think back he was a pleasure.
Read you can read. I just thought you did what the lobbyists tell you
Please Senator McCain. Return to your core values and stop the partisan politics. All hacks are serious.
I can't imagine any breach more serious than the Russians interfering in our democracy. What will it take 4 Repubs 2 put country be4 party?
That's what Israel was saying about us after we interfered in their elections among many more countries. Are we forgetting our govt does
Tick. Tock.
America paid attention to ur no vote. U r done.
What you NEED to start paying attention to are the reasons you were voted for!
McCain needs to just resign, his last vote proved he is a traitor to the American people.
"Start" paying attention? Wow. Every system in R country has been hacked: election, financial, govt, etc. Congress MUST act! #unhackthevote
GOP failure to address this is paramount to complicity.
Well...here we are...open to serious hijacking. Oh well..who would have thought this would happen?
You are a leader in a leadership position... If you have to take to Twitter to beg Congress to pay attention, we're in deep shit.
Pffft  a little late for that bit of obvious advice , Senator.
You should have vote for skinny repeal...that's your legacy liar
Please DO something @SenJohnMcCain
Thank god we have trump during these times. Drain the swamp
You sir @SenJohnMcCain need to start doing your job for the US Citizens! U R a TRAITOR!
A willfully-incompetent chaos-monkey POTUS combined with a cowardly vapor-locked congress ARE America's greatest national security threat.
Countering cyberterrorism must be a priority.  This could wreak massive damage and havoc
Maybe you should start paying attention to what the People want and quit ass kissing the left.  #MAGA 
We should sink the Crimean fleet, to start!
So deep state is going to do another false flag but this time a cyber attack. Hard to believe how treasonous and obvious.
Yes !! Find a way to protect it..we have known this for many years.
Really where gave you politicians been the last 5 years .. maybe quit flying all over the world for useless shit stay home and get to work !
but isn't that FAKE NEWS? ;)




tuesdays
It's probably those rascally republicans that you hate so much
Agreed completely. Will you pls outline the steps you feel need to be taken?
stop using ' 1234" as a password!
You might be leaking to the Washington Post. All we needed was you to be a republican to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Why no vote?
McCain probably told them how to do it.
Start laying major damage fines on Equifax and any company who is careless enough to allow millions of SSNs to get stolen.
Now you want to repeal. Your treatment will not cure you. Judgement day is coming
Pay attention to song birds that talk under captivity
I'm more concerned about Trump/Putin threatening John McCain.  It's not a coincidence the USS John McCain was targeted, it was a threat.
Trump say it's a fat guy in bed somewhere.
If the President won't address election and cyber security, Congress must act. Own it Senator.
Shut up and do your job John!!!
We should have been paying attention 5-10 years ago. Instead of a damn wall let's put tat $$ into cybercrime and cyber attacks! No brainer.
Start? You all should have been paying attention years ago. Quit talking about it...do something.
I'll keep an eye out with some operators.
Hey John What have u been doing the last 20+++years?
The only possible way to tame this beast is w/ more Federal government regulations.#MAGA. There is no free market solution. No profit in it.
WashPo has even less credibility than you do.
So why didn't you do something before now?  Everyone in Congress knew it was coming.
Been in Senate for decades, why have you not acted. could it be that you was busy getting in front of every liberal cameras trashing POTUS??
Nothing can be done for US security until Trump is out of the Whitehouse.
Thank you. Don't underestimate the Russians
Still thinking the entire world needs to cut Russia off electronicallyFreeze all accounts/businesses that support Russia
Why do we have 17 intelligence agencies if none of them seem to be effective?  Is anyone doing their job anymore?!? 
Mr McCain, working on the Tax Reform Plan? 8 months have gone by and zero accomplishments.
And this is news to you? Where have you been and what have you done about it. GET TO WORK for the AMERICAN people.
People of Arizona should have paid more attention to you since the 80s. You wouldn't be in office now.   Keating Five. Ukraine. Syria.
Respectfully @TeaPainUSA was on this days ago
Bad people has never been sleeping...I don't think some companies and most individuals take security issues very seriously...
Thanks, but I'd feel better if the govt acted on this to a degree greater than a news article recommendation
I have never seen a politician so driven by anger and hatred as John McCain.

A nasty, bitter old man.

Leave the Senate and find peace!
The corrupt leader of the IRS, Koskinen needs to be fired! Reopen IRS investigation based on Judicial Watch data!
YOU SENATOR NEED TO STOP YOUR HATE AND SERVE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
Better get the GOP platform campaign promises on Trump's desk! Then he can focus on cyber security & use technology to stop waste and fraud!
We already got an idiot for president because of Russian interference!#trumprussia #impeachtrump
John, you've been brain addled http://4years.You  lost your 'hero' status long ago when u decided2side with the invading forces#Resign
Yes, we do! Need to earmark some of the bloated defense budget to this new way to attack us
No Amercn will ever ADMIT theyre vulnerable enough 2 b influenced by Russian propaganda encouraged by Trump influence. TOO ARROGANT!!
As 40,000 low infos in Boston march beside masked Antifa types attacking free speech&assembly...DemsArePutinsBestFriendsAndTooStupidToKnowIt
Pay attention, retire traitor!
Nobody pays attention to you. You are a washed up lying hypocrite. Go home and stay there.
....and @GOP  Congress ignores. Wonder Why?

#TrumpRussiaGOP #kompromat #conspiracy
Retire
Fske news kings and you quote them
I think keep doing useless investigations. That will help. Way to go senate!
Make sure you take the software manufacturers and the systems integrators to the cleaners if anything happens its their fault-walk the plank
I thought this was a priority for this administration- wrong
Trump's inner circle like it because it helped them win. Not General Kelly, he's there to try to save us.  But the campaign crew, yeah.
We are clearly being played. Notice how more so-called cyber-security companies come out of the woodwork to save us from ... themselves.
Just how much money do U want? I'm not paying 4 .uk NAMESAKE SHIP! I'll be bleve  U when I believe the Russian Dossier!
John,  instead of talking about CS, why don't you tell us how you are helping POTUS pass Tax Reform- make yourself relevant again
Military may be expedient for politicians  but increasingly  irrelevant in these times

Another Obamacare alarm is going off. 150% premium increases. YOU need to start paying ATTENTION.
You think? Where have you been? Tweeting about it isn't actually doing anything. But alas, you seem to be good at doing that!
How are u going to do that when Trump shut down cyber security in WH? U r 100% responsible for this GOP disaster named Trump!
@SenJohnMcCain or his staff spends way too much time reading liberal hype. This is why he and they are not trusted anymore. 'Must-read' haha
Are you a cyber security expert?  Why is this "liberal hype?"
Start?
Maybe you should work on showing proof of the last fake cyber attack before you create a new fake cyber attack.
I don't trust that we'll have fair elections in 2018 or 2020. Absolutely nothing has changed.
If we don't fix our election process, the Dems will never again under produce fraudulent votes as they did in Novemember 2016
the continued call of @realDonaldTrump as fake news is the problem! Do we need for it to affect/effect our miltary operations b4 we act?
Seriously? You're just noticing? Psych prez got elected using Russian hackers. He's the GOP's main man and a disgrace to all of us!
Doing something about the attack on our country by the current administration would be the perfect start! SHAME!!
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
We need to start demanding that congress pay attention. We also demand that they look at the proof that Trump campaign colluded w/Russia!
You don't get to 500 million friends w/o some of them being Russian...
MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
