Blah Blah Blah...Arizona education ranking is a shameful 45 & the Phoenix VA is still a [criminal] disgrace...
Go, Sen. McCain! This is the moment you have been prepared for, so long ago. #CanTheWestSurvive #ProfileInCourage
silently watching as #trump destroys this country makes you just as bad as the administration.
How is Trump destroying the country exactly? By fighting America's  enemies? Jobs, etc?
Please list 1 thing this administration has done to better this country. Actual request
https://t.co/BThdOgiRNC?ssr=true
A wonderful light at the end of tunnel blocked by recalcitrant democrats
Isn't that the truth -Why can't they just let it shine
Ur total disregard for American voters a disgrace John Barack McCain
Spend more time in the Senate actually working on this issue. Or jave conference calls. Waste of money.
@MeetThePress Thank you Senator McCain!! Country before party!! #WeThePeople #truth #StandUp #DoTheRightThing
You have no values Johnnie. Remember Keating Five secure the border and build the dang fence????? Probably not!!!
Thank you! I've always been impressed with you Senator
You are a discredit to our nation.  Do something positive. Say nothing more.
Thank you so much for speaking truth.  For speaking for me and most Americans.
sell out
Mccain worried his hypocritical, do-nothing attitude will b exposed by DJTs "take no prisoner" attitude 2 MAGA!
Together! I say! 10. 
yea and you made sure you left a day early on the taxpayers money in order to not vote on Trumps EPA pic
Thank you for your COURAGE and LEADERSHIP; your PATRIOTISM shines above all republicans. I am grateful to see the FIRE back.
So how does undermining the President do that?
when the POTUS is unstable,  it's patriotic to do it.
Cap'n Jack @SenJohnMcCain is the one who is unstable.   @MunSecConf
 ok
You admire him so much you voted for him in '08, right?
who said I admired him that much?  Nice deflection attempt.
Demonstrating your hypocrisy is always a bulls eye.
didn't vote for Hillary in her senate race either.  Was she always wrong?
Support your President and country. Stop behaving like a wackobird and RINO. If you cant control yourself then resign.
please remind your fellow GOP. Thank you for wisdom and service!
US in deep trouble. Common moral purpose was to stand against tyranny. Now we have a chaotic cult of personality tyrant in US
- McCain out of touch.30yr  elitist protection  vs Trump demand for better smarter deals.  Out of touch.
You have no values. Collusion with the enemy, making audio tapes for the North Vietnamese
John McCain, a traitor, to America, they didn't want him Vietnam either, he's a communist at heart!
they not worth fighting for @POTUS who is a Traitor of the people of USA, so many GOP R blind, @CNN @WSJ @MSNBC
well not your morals are recharged. How about you take them to D.C. And get to work. #moralsneedhelp
Traitors go across the ocean to trash our president. Stay strong Trump God is with you
you obviously went to trash the President because you're an envious butthurt girl! Behind our backs McShame!
Why is McCain shooting at Trump overseas but not in the U.S. Is McCain afraid of "Make America Great" supporters?
yes as he should be. He wants to run for President of the World while throwing US under the bus traitor
@mindyfinn @MunSecConf With due respect, VOTES talk, bulls**t walks. VOTE to investigate DJT. Otherwise this is pure hot air.
the 'investigation' took place during the campaign. And he won. Get over it.
I'm fairly sure I have no idea what "investigation" you are talking about. Link?
he was vetted by the American people. In other words he won. Just as any other POTUS.
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to defend & support the U.S. in the face of ALL adversity.
then why aren't YOU fighting for our values McCain!!
you lost the right to morality when you elected 45
As an American, I'm embarrassed that a US senator would disrespect the POTUS on foreign soil.
McCain using word Dictator about our President to the World. Are you senile! Have a clue. Get out of his way!!
You have no morals... not supporting our President is putting our country at risk! No one supports you!
POW more like POS Killary puppet yes you John traitor
Great speech!  I liked Faith of My Fathers  (-:
No time for Scott Pruitt confirmation vote but flies to Munich,Germany where he slams Trump!This on foreign soil traitorous!
John McCain Just Stood on Stage in Europe and TRASHED Our President and America!! Enough please retire.
Shameful liar  https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …. SONGBIRD How much  did you get this time? #MAGA
retire! Drain the swamp!
that is the moral high ground. Thank you for this clarity.
your speech was deplorable-yu don't speak for us americans-yu are a disgrace-work w/pres not against him.
I don't agree with you on everything, but I admire your independent streak and willingness to confront POTUS
What values?  Bad mouthing our country?!!!  SHUT UP!!!
Actions speak louder than words. You can give speeches all day long. Gotta put it into action.
THANK YOU! Americans NEED you right now more than ever. PLEASE keep speaking out for American principles & values
.@SenJohnMcCain @MunSecConf You're a traitor to your country bashing our President overseas - something Barack Obama would do.
.@SenJohnMcCain @MunSecConf You can barely get elected in Arizona yet you dare to speak for the USA in a foreign country. Treasonous.
Ignorance is an evil weed dictators may cultivate among their dupes, but which no democracy can afford among its citizens.
Yep, values.  The last thing I expected is that a US Republican Senator would take over Obama's US trashing.
how dictators start? mccain is the leak.  selling us out.  mccain needs to be fired!
Your speech does not align with your actions. Perhaps choose other words.
McCain you are a disgrace to our country to go over there acting like you are speaking for all of us in the US.
No the west will not survive  as long as we have you idiots acting like the east should be allowed to take over.
McCain have you sponsored any immigrants, illegals, or refugees yet with that big salary we pay you?
"A little more action a little less conversation" Senator. Investigate Trump!
You have no values. You are an #EnemyoftheAmericanPeople @MunSecConf

VIDEO John McCain Divulges US Policy, Intel Secrets to Prankster Posing as Ukraine Prime Minister; Incredible Breach http://truepundit.com/video-john-mccain-divulges-u-s-policy-incredible-breach/ …

Get back to U.S. to spread your lies. At least we know enough to not listen to you
This was a beautiful speech, Senator. Please be louder against our President to save America. Thank you!
U need 2 stop fighting President Trump, SongBird McCain, U won reelection because of him.
Germany, country of diabolical politicians ruining the country, bring in you who are the same here.
#traitor #songbird
you are tougher on our President than bad foreign actors.  Shut up John!  #YouAreNoHero
love you Sir.  Thank you for all you do and all your information.
McCain needs to retire!  He's making the party look bad.  Still bitter about losing his own Pres bid.
sounds like you were committing treason.
That's what I heard. And the sheep buy it, repeating the narrative of the coveruperers BIG CORRUPTION
Trump as a better Conservative cabinet and chose a great Supreme Court. Support him or go away
We voted for Trump. We are sick of politicians who serve themselves. Illegals are illegal. Immigrants are great.
Great speech.  Stand strong.
Please save America! Please!
Either it's not working or your moral compass is very different than the majority of Americans
at least help us find out if we are being sold out to Russia
you are poor example of a true American.  You support nothing but your personal thoughts which are outdated  Poor RINO even.
we need your integrity and fighting spirit now
Put up or shut up.
with your continued refusal to confront how unfit & unwell 45 is, you and GOP show you are void of morals.
our values are worth fighting for and you did fight for them
"my values"
RETIRE ALREADY! Term limits!!
You have no morals Johnnie. I remember the Keating five and never have trusted you since. Obama beat you. TRUMP!!
@Y
Hey, it's about time you do the right thing and be honest and declare you are switching party to be DEMOCRAT.
You sir. Are a total embarrassment. Your bold hatred for America is really quite nauseating. #traitor
What happened to try knowing each other?  Pulpits were part of the Pax Romana franchise.  And that ended up well?
Now this sounds 'Presidential'!
You are doing the West and our Nation a fine service by speaking out...
Too far.
thank you for taking a stand for us today
... doesn't the US kill people in other countries all the time? Assassinate, overthrow other Gov, we're not so innocent
Who do you want to Bomb today?
“There are a lot of killers. We have a lot of killers,” Trump said. “Well, you think our country is so innocent?” ...
Part of the #Soros NWO. 
#AmericaFirst Won!  Give it up! 
Where were you when #Obama overreached? 
Silence heard
You need to take a time out. You picked SARAH PALIN when you ran for POTUS and got killed by a 1 term Marxist.
How dare you speak negatively about our American President while overseas. That's patriotic?
#songbirdMcCain why R u going 2 other countries & bashing @POTUS? Sounds treasonous 2 me. U lost get over it!
So fucking do something about it... If you call yourself a maverick try actually doing that!
stop working against Prez/USA you look petty &voters remember. Claims being bought off by Dems look true
Show respect to our President in tone & action. Otherwise you are just ineffective
You look like Obama there, in Germany, insulting the U.S.
Time for you to retire!
ur the #Posterchildfortermlimits #snakeinthegrass #boughtandpaidforbysoros #shamefulcorruptswamprat smh!
When are you going to back up our president that 60m+ voted for we will not put up with never Trumpers
what you did in Munich is reprehensible. You are acting out of bitterness. thought you as a republican
McCain systematically dismantled POTUS Trump's  worldview https://wpo.st/jfXc2   WHAT'S SOROS PAYING U
thank you for sticking up for American values. I'm a dem, but realize you're showing true leadership. Thank you
who's side are you on? You are undermining our country.
As a Trump supporter you do not speak for me as I find your remarks against him disgraceful!
Shame on your behavior there. #traitorous #toooldtodothis #retirenow

You're there bashing our president. I hope they start the recall campaign in Arizona soon.
thank you!
You are truly a national treasure, Sen. McCain. God bless you & Cindy, keep fighting the good fight.
We need your voice now more than ever. This is your moment.
McCain you need to retire!
check yourself in to the Convalescent Home..You've obviously lost your marbles.No longer the sharpest tool in the shed.HATER
then do something to save them.  Enough talk, time for action. #investigatetrump @MunSecConf @YouTube
You need to get back to your state and start actually doing your job! Don't worry about Trump
how the hell you keep getting elected is beyond me. Trump would have fired you.
, You Sir, don't have my values at all. I don't consider you a conservative or a Republican. You are a traitor.
Based on your comments, I'd prefer you stay home. America does not need YOU bashing our POTUS overseas-U R an embarrassment
I no longer respect you.  Do not go to other countries and run down our President!  Who do you think you are?
Good speech w/correct values. Please help USA via uncovering full extent of #russiagate in Administration. #GOP
Please do 
basic research; Russiagate is distraction for deeper internal corruption.
Thank you.This speech was presidential. Keep Trump in check. He may destroy what U.S. Stands for.
@FranTownsend @MunSecConf @YouTube @POTUS #OnNotice No Dictators Zone
Bush was right about you in 2000. You're unstable. Trump is bad, Bush was worse....but you? My God you're a disaster! TGYNP
isn't it time you quit playing the defensive back for the democrats and play on the republican's team?
@SenJohnMcCain - #UnAmerican
#Embarrassment to American People!!
#NotRepresenting U.S.
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA 
used to tout the edict that political criticism of US Presidents should stop at the US border. He's irrelevant.
The US needs you McCain. Only GOP has the power to stop the "great" madness
Thank you for your terrific Munich speech, Senator McCain! Please keep it up!
The was a good speech you gave in Munich. Need more GOP to stand up against trump
if you support our values you must #ResistTrump
go tell your senate republican colleagues
true... well, we the people like to tell you : enjoy the rest of your term John! No one voting for you.
Great speech, sir. Please keep it up!

McCain says lots of the right things, does none of the right things. Go to hell, two-faced John. Regards, a vet.
#resign
Wishing the man that helped elevate American stupidity by picking Sarah Palin as VP would vote where his mouth is
Thank U @SenJohnMcCain #Patriot @MunSecConf
don't you mean "badmouthing our president and acting like a complete prick? I can't believe I voted 4 u!
Thank you sir
I bet you do Fuzzy Handcuffs. Time to look back at your POW story?
Your powerful speech gave me hope. I'm a Dem counting on you to stand up to our Pres and save our Democracy.  No pressure.
Traitor 
IMO, more people who voted agree with President Trump than agree with the Senator. That matters in a representative republic
great! Plz check your actions: ask, does this support American values? We prize values above our lives!
Morality & you don't go together. You are the Traitor we are being warned about
Retire already would you? We've had enough. Thank you for your service.
Please don't be a Trump enabler. Stand up for our country, not the party! Don't let 45 run down this country! Don't sellout!
thank you for all that you do!   #realwork
You are not fit to be a senator,  you should retire...please do it.
Well said and necessary that it was. Thank you for representing the United States so well today. You were a hero once again.
