How about Build The Wall so there is less human trafficking!!!
I thought Eipstein was an American citizen?
You advertised a promise to voters to REPEAL Obama care. You lied and should step down.
Hi Sir, I would like to apologize for Trumps nasty remarks against U. My FATHER & I ALWAYS CONSIDERED U A HERO. HE FOUGHT IN WWII. SHAMEFUL!
YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT ME, SO FUCK OFF! YOU ARE SO VILE. BE THAT ALL BY  YOURSELF, OK!!
Congress pass bipartisan bill that #BLM and #Antifa are Terrorist organization ! And condemn all hate, racism,bigotry in our country. #MAGA
Bi-partisan? What do you know about that?!
Your leadership is outstanding...... NOT.  Retire. Your done.
Absolutely
Get your act together for the health care bill.
Including Donald J Trump through his modeling agency
Good. Now please start passing on debt, healthcare and work with Trump not against. Hope u are doing well.
LOL yeah right, this coming from you?
Start with trumps " modeling agency with teenage girls as victims " facts are there.
Start with asking your parter in crime Hillary to stop participating in phedophia.
We should do what Sweden has done and go after Johns mot girls. They have reduced trafficking fairly quickly
Ugh Go crawl back under your rock and expect to be asked to step down after lying to the American people on your promise to REPEAL OCare.
Support the president
Seeking bipartisan work is true leadership!
Things more important to the American voter, tax cuts, repealing and replacing McCaincare, & immigration reform starting with a WALL #GOP
Exactly McCain is screwing America. Pass the health bill and get the fucking wall going and tax reform. Stop your hate and cooperate
Why is everything important to you EXCEPT the things we sent POTUS and GOP to do. Please retire now.
Can I get the number of the human trafficker? I'd like to see if they want a crotchety old senator from Arizona. Even if I have to pay them
And to repeal Obamacare...wait...they did...you didn't...'repeal and replace' fool...your words...
Props to your wife for her continued leadership in this area.  She had done for so many in this area and legitimate refugees.
How about justice for small businesses with health care & taxes? How about a little help there Senator? No - selfish personal agendas first
Maybe you could add S.66 to that.  Vets with less than 20 yrs have to pay for their own disabilities/We are penalized for med-retirement
Been an opponent of secure borders, now you're concerned about human trafficking?  Remember how your favorite resorts need that cheap labor.
There should be no such thing as a career politician 8 years should be the max !! The longer they there the more corrupt they are
Well no shit why does this have to be a bill is this not common sense ... Washington is nuts !!!
Russia flies nuclear bomber near Korean peninsula as warning to US and South Korea. No trump response
Those who go to our rural areas kidnap children take out of the country need prosecuted. Laws of no time span for arrest conviction.
Yes!  Thanks for your work on this issue!
Why did U hurt this country, AMericans by casting the NO vote to move the healthcare bill forward. You HURT americans AGAIN! #MAGA
You make me sad for Republican Party and Arizona.  Used to be the greatest ... so sad.  If only the veterans had care you've enjoyed
Liar.
Repeal and replace Obamacare.
1 VOTE! 1VOTE! 1VOTE!
Agree!!
Congress MUST get that NUT out of the Oval Office
McCain you're not worthy to be called a senator. You have disgraced this country and yourself.
How about a vote for healthcare fxcker?
Please stop acting like you care about the GOP.
Congress must impeach this unhinged, dangerous president. Please act now
Republicans who love America should leave the Republican Party, while Trump is the leader of the Republican Party. #DoTheRightThing
Isn't Trump accused of trafficking?That's just one of the things Mueller is looking into.
Hope you are better! Come back soon
Praying for you Senator!
When will you deal with the peoples agenda? Repeal and replace ObamaCare or can't you stand up like a true soldier.
Thank you for this and for standing up to Trump and saving our healthcare, for now.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan People with American Moral Values say NO to #BUFFOON45
But just the human trafficking in the US, not the very disturbing human and organ trafficking caused by your PRO WAR policies, right?
Capital Congress! Which one is in your pocket? Your nothing but leeches on real taxpayers. How much did you get for voting no on Obamacare?
You Have Republicans Support, To Step Away From your Position.. . Family Is More Important Than Deep State Agendas #RetireMcCain
Proving you're a liar, one Tweet at a time. @GOP @SenateGOP
Oh now you want to pass something #termlimits
Will you give back all Oligarch money?  It comes from human trafficking
You took money from a man who is an oligarch..right across street from Trump..Tower.  Give it back, Maverick.
Selling encryption computer hardware to the FSB is treason.
@IAmJaneDoeFilm is a must-watch #documentary that highlights the need to #Amend230 . SESTA (Stop Enabling Sex Trafficking Act) is essential
You could jump off that Saudi cock you like to ride as a start. Guess you just missed the slavery everytime you hang out with them.
This include some of ur closes friends who may be nvolved in this. 2 tRump ex partners have been picked up for human trafficking.
Enough already ...move on
Senator McCain i think you should reach out to Native American people. They have a high rate of sexual abuse of children and teen suicide.
You won't pass that either John...you can't even pass what you promised!
Are you going to vote no again.
So Senators can screw it up like they did the Healthcare Bill? Thank you McCain.
Isn't this already illegal? why new law needed?

You need voted out of office. Yoir legacy will be that of a traitor to the President of the United States!
Just look into Trumps Modeling agency
John your President will do the right thing don't worry it's bad for yourhealth
John McCain The Coward 45 will not say your Name But History Will McCaain AMERICAN HERO
Slavery must be stopped and the perpetrators brought to justice. Amen.
Repeal Obamacare?
How Trump can win the obamacare fight? By Executive Order he can end the "friends and cronies" exemptions for Congress!
This is just another one of your distraction issues. You screamed about repealing Obamacare for 7 yrs but it was all a lie. You're a fraud!
Low hanging fruit.  #BuildTheWall
All?  You listening Mr. President.  Tick tock tick tock......
Including your #PedophilePresident why don't you look into his modeling agency?
Thank you McCain for working for our children. Praying for recovery. I work with foster children and many of these girls are at risk.
Why should they listen to you liar to America on Ocare andvexemption taker and a leaker
Thank you for bringing attention to this issue Senator!
ALL of them!
If you want to truly reduce human trafficking in the U.S. stop the influx of illegal immigrants!
Speaking of #humantrafficking, @realDonaldTrump might want to read this
oh right, he needs pictures to comprehend.
Here's one for you
nobody gives a shit what a liberal traitor thinks -
Pass a damn budget that doesn't include an unwanted, unnecessary wall!
Congress MUST repeal and replace Obamacare!!!!
It's easy to ignore when u don't see what's happening-thanks Sen. McCain for supporting attack on this sick crime. Praying 4 your recovery.
