A stronger military would not have saved us from this traitor in the WH.
Agreed. We need more investigative journalism.
please help us get rid of Trump
why don't advertise how weak we are!!
Senator John McCain--you have been there for a long time and never dealt with the Military Issues, as you say.Trump will
stop attacking President Trump.  He needs your support!!!! Or just go home and retire!!!
Are you going to investigate the Russian traitors in the white house or not? How could you guys not? #neverRepublican
hey johny boy...Remember that ship you blew up and killed like a 184 good service men?
l have concluded that there are some very ignorant citizens in my USA!!
Hey libis,wake up,its Armed Services committee,not fake news' agendas there are more important issues to deal with
Go Away We do Not Read Those Crooked Lying Media Outlets
I am not confident that our military has suffered due to finances. More like Congressional things forced on them.
For a price, I'm sure. John McCain doesn't do a damn thing unless there is something in it for him.  #SENATEWHORE
I voted for you in the 2000 primary and and again in 2008. You've changed since then. I fully support my @POTUS. @WSJ
You have been my personal hero. Why would you trash our President @realDonaldTrump on foreign soil?
I'm more concerned about what comes out of your mouth saying the WH is in disarray. Where were you for 8 years!
Weakened under YOUR WATCH!
John McCain--Thank You for your service--now just please go away as you are currently clueless.Hear it--TRUMP!
why don't you let the military generals worry about that and just vote "yes" when comes up in the Senate.
We're ready to see you Go back to Arizona & get out of the US senate. Time4Term Limits. Ur a prime example 4 them!
@TJSeraphim @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ hey johny boy...Remember that ship you blew up and killed like a 184 good service men?
With McCain as 
friend  who needs enemies.   Loser ...Election debacle..No vision just elitism.
read the negative tweets...see what you have done? SHAME!
Stay away from our loyal military. They certainly don't need the likes of you.
Stay home, we don't need a traitor representing us!
We need our military stronger than ever, Obama was destroying it. Once we have it strong then we should never worr
we'll see!
Thank you Sen McCain for having courage to stand up.  Pls vote no on Friedman --or our armed forces will be  busy in ME.
What R you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!
Weapons of mass distraction. Investigate Russian fixing election, connections to POTUS staff. Do your job!
Not dangerously weakened, unless you factor in Trump
Way to go! From former Philippine NSA Roilo Golez USNA '70.
And time for me to check in about that Russian battleship buzzing our national tower... like #TOPGUN #defense #Navy
oh do you want to work with Pres Trump on that or will you sabotage him on that too
<---This ass hat is what is wrong with politics in america. He does not care about anyone but his self  @WSJ
And who weakened it! Obama.
@LindaSuhler @RealJack this guy doesn't even get on Twitter he has some idiot do it for him
I have no confidence in John McCain. The worst thing he let veterans hospitals go to pot and leadership lie about status
what's happening with DT & Russians will change American Democracy and military action please explain why the support?
Who cares what this traitor thinks? Not me.
You are not our president. Please stop pretending you are. Thank you.
Why don't you help him other things as well?
Anyone who thinks our military is weak is a deranged looney.
Are you going to investigate Russian-admin ties?  Russian meddling in election? Don't go down w/them #CountryOverParty
These great powers you speak of-like Russia? We don't need subs, congress & current admin have already capitulated.
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia
better hurry BLOTUS will have us in the shooting war in no time
bring our troops home, the last 15 yrs have been a disaster, nothing but heartache and unable to give them proper care
Please urge independent investigation in to Trump's ties to Russia!! We are counting on you!!! #InvestigateTrumpNow
Bipartisan Hearings on Trump Russian Ties NOW!
we have highest defense spending in world. How about taking political pork out first #JLENS #PorkPolitics
dear Sen McCain u r the sole human in this world who can end trump now please invoke the #25thamendment please please
Americans are fully aware that our military is the most powerful already. Cut the b.s. ok.
Rebuild the Executive Branch, first. There's a guy in there tearing it up.
Let's aim to get the most bang, for the buck, military!  Ret. U.S. Army officer, here!
@GorseFires @WSJ Pointless when our leaders are compromised Russian agents.
Obama's  Military cuts in the face of global terror threat is d worse thing to have happened to d free world since WW11
The US Army is what gives America it's global leadership position. Attempt to reduce its strength is catastrophic
we are distracted and Iran and Russia are building a stronger alliance because of the money we sent them. #Bad Deal
the real story is the total trump hate in Democratic ranks  causing severe damage to our national security. Russia laughing
You are not and never will be President of the United States of America. LOSER. Cut @POTUS some slack and let him work.
Gotta feed the war machine, since our economy depends on it...all the while our infrastructure crumbles!
The Military remains the last-standing patriotic backbone of any country. It's the lifewire that binds America strong
Bc of u, I get to live. You are a hero.
US has world's largest military. What is there to "rebuild."
Speaking of military, what's your excuse for voting "NO" on giving the vets a pay raise? Would love to hear your answer!
"War is wretched beyond description, and only a fool or a fraud could sentimentalize its cruel reality." (1/2) Ty - VN war.
Modernize the #NuclearTriad
The biggest threat to weakening the military is a president who has ties to Russia & doesn't know how to handle TS intel
I'm not signing passports in prisons... I got money on ISIS with world War 3III biggest net game with new property land
@WSJhttps://youtu.be/pUBKcOZjX6g
Would like to read it but some of us simply cannot afford the high priced subscription to the WSJ.
We have no use for a strong military when our Congress is too weak to lead the country or investigate Trump. #DoYourJob
the next war will need smarts not brawn why don't we invest in our people instead of more firepower.
you need to investigate the Russian influence in the WH!
For what?  Spending more than next 8 biggest military-spending nations combined still not enough?
why are our spies in our intelligence agencies working for Russia?
60% of the budget already goes to the military!!
Spend, spend, spend so you can bomb, bomb, bomb Iran. Your corporate sponsors don't love you, they use you. #RetireMcC
About time he wants to work with President Trump. All of the Republicans who don't are only hurting the country!
and their days are numbered.
thanks den McCain for leading from behind.  You've been there long enough,,,  you're part of the swamp
How come You're not on top of intel leaks?? .@realDonaldTrump
waiting for that independent commission for the Russian elephant in the room. Repubs seem to be fiddling as D.C. burns
spend more money on the military, a ridiculous border wall, ignore thing with Russia...great job john
says the guy who had to be pardoned by a POTUS, Now making deals with Terrorists in open
Will be so upset if US allied with Russia.
depends what interpretation of"aligned" means.
focus on Russia!
ok but what about the enemy within?  How about dealing with that first?  Trumps admin is THE biggest security threat!
how about that treasonous prez and appointees? All complicit
so U can send them 2 fight in Syria next 2 Russia that carpet bombs civilians? Send more Navy Seals 2 their death? Gr8
"I'm ready to work with President Trump"....THIS is why you aren't callng for investigtns?! To forward your OWN agenda?!
dangerously weekended?  You support national offense not defense.  Selling fear.  #antiwar #MIC
how about u get everyone to investigate trump and save the country
Dear senator, whatever you do, let prevailing peace in #Vietnam & all over the world. @WSJ
