Your putting us all into single payer of your vote
Thank you Senator for saving countless lives. Can only hope Murkowske and Collins follow suit, quickly. @lisamurkowski
@SenatorCollins Thank u Sen Collins. Thought Murkowski would stand up too, but we have to thank U & McCain for helping millions of Americans
The libs are very happy with you for stabbing your friend Sen. Grahm in the back.
U honestly care about a shout out from an entertainer? Why are u looking for praise from the extreme left & Hollywood elites? Who cares?!
Relax. He said thank you. I know manners aren't common but you must be old enough to remember when they were, pre-Trump.
You are just the best!
@suziesmmith
I'm amazed a man in your lessened mental capacity is able to function. Isn't it time to retire before irreparable harm.
RHINO
McCain's an American hero. You on the other hand are an American zero
For saving O’Bummercare? That’s a hero, in your eye I guess
You are a Hero to the LEFT indeed, #TraitorMcCain
You deserve it!
Dear Senator, Our politics may not always agree, but you sir are an American Hero.
More likely you never agreed with him until he made Trump Enemy #1 

He's a #RINO and a crybaby
You say RINO like it's a bad thing. He's loyal to his country and people more than his party. That's patriotism.
He lied to the People of Arizona who reelected him 

I seriously doubt they're Dems 
He might be for repealing ACA but he has the good sense to not vote any piece of garbage they try to pass as replacement
THANK YOU Senator McCain for seeing #GrahamCassidy for what it is & would hurt the American people.
I got a shout out for you
The cancerous one was a fake war hero whore. Now an anti-Trump whore
Your party is what has changed.  Completely unrecognizable from Reagan-Bush and mostly un-American.  Come back.
So wait, you dont think that ppl doing the same jobs should make the same amount of money? Who should make more? 
Here is another shout out, not as amazing, but you deserve many, many more! Thank you for remaining on the front line-for the people!
Don't let it go to your head, John.
VOTE THIS RINO OUT ARIZONA!! PUT McCain ON Obama Care! DRAIN THE SWAMP! YOUR FREE RIDE IS OVER!!
Your bio says it all. Creep. Stay away from decent people.
So that's why you'll let Arizonans suffer. For the game and attention from the left. You should be ashamed for being proud of this.
Thank You for your tour of duty. So, that a Bi-racial kid could grow up safe. Thank you for continuing your service to  as a Senator.
TY Senator for standing up for all Americans that would be affected by the ACA repeal.TY also for sticking to your principles.#HeroForever
TRAITOR! LIAR!
Perhaps U, Stevie,  & other "Global Citizens" Should find a spot on the Globe to Hang out. America's already taken, by Blood.
Whose blood? Yours? Did you go overseas and fight for America?

.@replouiegohmert on Graham-Cassidy health care bill: "Only a completely thoughtless Senator would say 'I'm a no.'" 
I wonder about Stevie Wonder’s sanity.
What when he took 2 knees
You ARE my Super Hero McCain! Standing for what's right.
Do a little research on Johnny.  He's rotten.  790 out of 795 West Point.  Pulled a prank that killed & injured many Almost sank a carrier
I'm sure he made up for that tragedy being a POW and not allowing himself escape! I'm proud of no vote. I'm poor
Nixon pardoned him Vietnam  He pulled a prank that killed 132 people and injured much more.  Almost bottom of his class & always in trouble
I read the article. In my mind#smallone, it's what he is doing TODAY. He was a rebel. Prank or accident? Naval Academy,right?  Thanks
When there's that much smoke there's usually a fire. 
Too many questionable events.  I hate him.  Does it show LOL
I just don't want ding dongs taking away HC.
There will be no health care.  Obummer ruined it.   It will implode  Nothing but lies.  Like you Doc,  Keep your plan,  Costs will go down.
Thank you for your support of our country the current president doesn't deserve to be in charge of your laundry
The rock that you slithered out from under is calling for you McCain!

Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for all your leadership - now more than ever we need you!
Love the glory over shit that is hardly true. You got people killed in Vietnam. You are a liar.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are a true hero. I'm still pulling for you to overcome this illness. All of America loves you!
And so you should de recognised #courage #voteNO to LindsayGraham healthcare bill #ProtectOurCare
thank you! for doing the right thing for countless of American people who needs Healthcare.
My insurance premium is 1800 per month, I am a small business owner for 26 years your No Vote will put more Americans out of work,#business
Sir, I salute you. I can say with absolute certainty that God loves you and He will hold you close to His heart  for all of eternity.
I love your courage John McCain :-)
I'm a Democrat and you've always been a hero to me.  Just one reason.  POW  But now there is another thing.   Thank you so much.
Get lost, enjoy your last term.
Really healing, opens up,
U did honorable thing  50 years ago. That doesn't excuse your death warrant to the babies who will be aborted bec u voted no to Graham bill.
Stevie Wonder,  big supporter of anti-Israel BDS movement, gave u a "shout out". Proud of that? Did he mention u broke your word re ACA?
Yes, you are so into celebrities and MSM applauding u while you broke YOUR WORD to AZ voters when u promised u would vote to repeal ACA.
You are a class act
THANK YOU for respecting the health+well being of all people+for your commitment to fair+open process policy making..RESPECT+@SenJohnMcCain
You are and always will be the man
Thank You Senator McCain for sticking with whats right for the American people specially when it comes to healthcare. Many Blessing!
God bless you, Senator!
Senator, thank you for your integrity and courage.
Anyone who wants to see what kind of traitor U R & Were should goggle:John McCain & Tokyo Rose:J McCain & US Forrestal/J McCain Vietnam MIA
Here's President Trump's shoutout to you.
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 


A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You deserve it, sir. I have disagreed with you but I have never doubted your good intentions. You are a true hero: tough, resilient, earnest
Thank you @Senator McCain And @SenSusanCollins and @SenRandPauI 
For saving lives of millions of Americans!  
#StrongerTogether
#UnitedWeStand .. Thank you for all your past and current services. We may not agree on many things, but you have my respect.
I'm an Independent Liberal, your stance to protect Americans from #Trumpcare, leaves me open to hearing you out, in the future. Thank you.
Mr. McCain. I am a die-hard Democrat. But you are one of the good guys. Just had to tell you, thank you for being you
Thank you, Senator McCain. This country owes you a huge debt of gratitude.
Thank you it's not about a bill it's human life
God Bless you, John @SenJohnMcCain sir. You are a true American patriot. Prayers for your health. God Bless!
You & Stevie Wonder are both outstanding men with courage and integrity. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for rising above party & for the people 
Thanking Stevie Wonder?  Are you kidding
Why don’t you retire!  Your washed up
Please continue your stance against the the Cassidy-Graham execution bill. I will lose my healthcare. I'm retired. I can't afford new ins.
Just great,& in meantime you are screwing up the party and the agenda we voted for, effectively voting for OC.  Why? Anything better than OC
You need to retire McCain
Thank you for again refusing to back a terribly flawed health care bill.
I hope he shouted out "you're a traitor!!"
Too bad those hundreds of POWS you betrayed aren't home to see it. Do you just hide all mirrors in house so you never see yourself?
He just needs to retire.
THANKS FOR YOUR NO VOTE.  I SEE YOU @SenJohnMcCain  BE WELL!
Yeah thanks Steve! Lol
We love you senator McCain!
Mccain NEEDS to retire, or at least, go Democrat,  he's talking out his ass if he THINKS WE believe he's Republican
Sen McCain I have a tremendous amount of respect for you.The sad thing is you seem to be one of only a few with character this day and time
Praying for you! You are the only republican I respect these days! Bc you put us and your country first, not just push thru bad bill! 
Senator, God bless you. But please come to your senses. Stop being a Dem. Obamacare has killed our economy and health care. Vote to repeal!
Selling out to the Dems for fame! I know @MeghanMcCain - you gotta defend your Dad - but when is enough enough? #SwampWatch
Is this the same concert he took a knee to celebrate NFL players disrespecting the anthem that you are supposed to be a hero for protecting
Correct!!
I don't support GOP, nut I have the greatest respect for you.
#americanhero
We love you John McCain and keep doing what is right
Where is the shout out for those who lost their Dr. and healthcare plan?
Mr McCain, I am a vet and democrat, and I'll have always admired you. Thank you for standing  against the repeal of the ACA
Don't let him down Senator
McCain...retire already
Thank you for for your lifetime service to our country! Thanks!
Very disappointed in you John McCain....you need to get out, your not for our country....whats best for all its all about you...sad
Thank you senator! No one can take the label of "hero" away from you. Even though I don't always agree with you I always see you as one.
Please please please retire we only have you to thank for more time with Obamacare please go away
sad
You love attention, and hate America.
ANY ONE WHO DOESN'T STAND WITH J. McCAIN IS NOT A REAL AMERICAN-GOP R JUST COWARDS LED BY A CRAZY THUG
Think you would have received that shoutout if you had supported repeal of Ocare?
USA LUCKY 2 HAVE J. McCAIN REPRESENT USA AS A POW-WOULD LIKE 2 C THESE CHICKEN HAWKS IN HANOI HILTON-NOW WE KNOW GOP DOESN'T KNOW PATRIOTISM
Praying for your health and your family 
Love  you Senator.   You are a living legend who's mark on history will be of valor and bravery.  Thank you for a life given to serve 
Wow! You McCain are  a traitor to our country and to the people who voted for you.
You deserve it.
We love and appreciate you!! Thank you for standing up for us!
This is a great opportunity to show passion for Mother's fighting to save there children suffering with cancer.  Praying for you.
Prayers for Sen John McCain, shoutout too for Stevie for the tribute and his taking the knee for the our constituional rights to protest.
Thank you Senator McCain. So thankful for your service to our country in so many ways throughout you entire life
Joining in with the liberal democrats! Interesting....
please get well Sir.  Your country needs you more than ever.
Thoughts and prayers for you.  If anyone is tougher than the glioblastoma you are
Thank you Senator McCain for your true concern for Americans. Principle over party. 
You are a good man Senator McCain
You remain very much respected and admired.
TIME FOR YOU TO VOTE TO SAME OUR BUSINESSES AND FAMILIES MR MCCAIN
Stevie did the right thing, and so did you, SENATOR. HISTORY will write itself.
You're awesome Sir... you are the bravest, most awesome American ever!!!
love you McCain - thank you for your service Sir
Sending my prayers to you Senator McCain,  from a Canadian.
Thank you Senator McCain for standing by America on Health Care. Welcome back.
Stevie Wonder is blind. We the voters are not. The Manchurian Republicans no more
We Americans who are intelligent thinking and want healthcare for ALL, will all stand behind you John McCain !
Losers
Sad that Stevie thought he had to take a knee.  Again rich ppl just entertaining no idea of fighting for your country like our military.
When you join the military at a young age and are Senator at an old age it means you've never paid for anything in your life
Thank you John McCain sir I respect you
You are wrong! States are alwaies better and way cheaper when they control things like Unemployment and Workman's Comp, same with healthcare
A shoutout to all who are promoting love, compassion and peace!
Thanks Senator McCain 4 being your own man. Some people may not appreciate it now & calling U names but the same ppl will thank U one day
Fix healthcare
Asesinos a sueldo crean falsa identidad norteamericana basada en guerra, destruccion y muerte para sentirse "proudly american" basura!
We all know it's personal between you and the President. You're looking really foolish now.
If you cared about this great nation, you would resign due to serious health issues. You are harming America with your idiotic votes
Obamacare is imploding on its own. It was bad legislation based on bad assumptions. McCain is not helping the situation. He's irrelevant
Too bad you care more about shoutouts and publicity then Arizonans
#Boycott #StevieWonder 4 taking 2 knees during a concert & shouting out 2 @SenJohnMcCain. Call the senator & tell him what U think about him
Really McCain? This is what it has come down to for you? You really are pathetic and this is proof-positive that you need to go.
Now I am going to cry.

As a Woman Vet, I Salute you Sen McCain.
Please give my love to your family.
Hold the line, #VoteNOGrahamCassidy and bring some @SenateGOP with you. Lead and whip a little. Then a grateful nation with thank you.
Maybe when only the left is heralding your decision, you are representing the wrong side of the aisle. I wish u well, though.
Sir you deserve it! You are a great American! Party and race don't always describe us,  you are a human being with a heart
McCain, Paul, Cruz, and Collins all need to be replaced. If Obamacare is not repealed now the Republicans will lose house and senate 2018


More proof, Sir, that you did the right thing! Thanks again!
You are a snake Mr. McCain.
This is what John McCain has always dreamed. Being loved and accepted by the left.
You are such a disgrace to this Country John McCain .. guess no matter how sick you are . You are gonna continue to dance with the devil smh
Shame on you
Resign
Democrat and mooch McCain
Is that how you evaluate your job as our employee? Shout out from a musician. Meanwhile $20T debt. Wrecked healthcare. High taxes @LouDobbs
Shoutout from Stevie Wonder doesn't save people from terrible health care Senator. Glad it makes you feel better.
Step down McCain
Last in Annapolis class 2 stupid & narcissistic 2CYhe's a "hero" 2 60 Minutes lefties 
#UsefulIdiot
@realDonaldTrump is a National Treasure
Well deserved! For a principled decision like the John McCain of old!
No Thank YOU, Senator. Thank you for your Service. And please make sure that every American can get the same quality Healthcare that you got
@SenJohnMcCain  is a real hero and inspirational
you are in my prayers John stand strong
Counting on you to vote FOR American people and healthcare and AGAINST this mess of a bill they are rushing through.
Only because your an #obummer supporter by turning your back on Pres Trump and keeping failed Medicare that you don't have to use
#Sir you are A True American HERO!
Now they got both knees on the stage stay down
That seems what it’s all about. You.
Praying for you Sir!
Regular order. What a concept! We appreciate you and your service to our country Sir!
The same Stevie Wonder who took a knee onstage???
Thank YOU for doing right by all of us, Senator.
