With those prayers hopefully all those dying will get into heaven. Now get to Wash. and do something.
Fat Chance. Songbird then and Traitor to his country now. 
Some things Change Some Don't Gods judgement on him is real.
God commands us not to judge...with the same measure you mete...shall you be measured also...reminder.
Do you think twitter is the best place for you to preach? Can't you find a steer corner?
I am communicating the truth. If u don't like it...not my problem.  God bless the ones who heed His Words.
God is not the truth God is about blind faith and you don't know shit about what you speak
You sure are hurt from the inside.  Hope you find peace in your heart.
Thanks for all the prayers. We need them.
Need action not praying
Well c'mon over and help!
See, @realDonaldTrump, THIS is a more presidential response. Not selling a crook's book while lives are in danger.
I'm in shock that you actually believe in God.Or do you?
Well the next time you get sick just pray it away
You sure about that Mcan't ???? Your one vote counted ?? Does your prayers ??? As good as FAKENEWS
Thanks senator
When you're about to die-shouldn't you be praying to the Lord? Thanks should be to God- not to this Satan.
"God and Satan" in one sentence? I think you are the one who needs prayer
They are from the same whole-just opposites -like truth and falsity-you and me- evil and goodness. Same sentence in the same world!
Now get some sleep-little falsehood!
At least someone knows how to work... unlike yourself...But your GREAT at letting the American people down....now go away !!!
Senator as we also pray for you 
PLEASE STAY HOME FOREVER!!!!!!
And we are praying for you Senator
Praying you leave OFFICE SOON!
I'm so thankful our President Trump was on Harvey like white on rice in order to supply emergency funds etc to Texas! God bless Texas 
Your prays are falling on deaf ears your cash may more the us
Not all of us fall for the Songbirds hate for America.
And we are praying for you
Stay HOME!!!!!
Noticing a pattern here. McCain Is getting praise from 99% Dems. Hmmm. Switch party's songbird. No one is buying your B.S. on the Right
Thank You Senator
Donate your $$$
Sure nice to see you act like a patriot for a  time senator. I got confused and thought you might be the enemy.
thank you for your prayers to those affected by Harvey, please know as you pray we are praying for you as well.
Gag!
Your words & sentiments are honorable Could you also support the honorable aims of this administration. This would benefit all Americans
Sound bite/photo op Johnny!
Please protect us from the threat INSIDE the WH. Despots don't leave easily.
I pray for you, u represent the strength of country & the heart of America! Be well & know you're what America will remember as a true Hero
Hey Jewish Vet, Google John McCain and USS Forrestal, and then tell me again that he is your hero. Bulshit.
And senator, we're praying for your swift recovery.
Isn't our president doing a great job!?
RIGHT ON!!!! He sure is!1st
This is what leadership looks like.
yeah and what did you ever donate?
Sure you do! #traitor
I don't believe you. You're looking for some way to criticize our president. I wish you were wise enough to know that Trump is good for us
& rest of corrupt #Congress won't stop 38 billion to Israel to use 4 #HurricaneHarvey instead http://www.unz.com/article/israels-38-billion-scam/ … #Harvey
How much are you donating songbird? You condemn President Trump for the pardon of Joe but Nixon pardon you and being a traitor is pretty bad
We need a new health care system! Something you promised for many years!Something you ran on! Something you voted for when it didn't matter!
We will never forget the 1 vote John... ONE VOTE!!!! #MAGA #NeverForget
Some act Presidential.  Thank you Senator McCain.
Some are just TRAITORS, MURDERERS and THIEVES like JOHNNY!
Can you pray for Trump as well!?   I think he is sick

No thanks traitor.
Awww! Are you mad he didn't recommend a good book?
so your  twitter account is fake.
Agreed. And Senator -on another note-roger stone is evil and karma is going to kick his a**!
CRAZY Laura!!!!
Glad you're back! Pls tell the Pres we need money for Texans impacted by Hurricane Harvey - not a damn wall!
We need both!!
Happy Birthday, sir. Wishing you all the best.
Thank you, Mr. McCain. And we are praying for your treatments to work and your health to be restored.

You cared more about touting a pardon the you did about sending prayers for Texas!  Once again too little too late from you!!

Click on it
False story, ironically written by a left wing group to discredit him....
Proof?
Sound bite/photo op Johnny!
That's more than President Satan is doing.
You severely criticized P45 for condemning Alt-Right & Alt-Left violence.   P45 was right. Now Ms. Pelosi has agreed. You owe P45 an apology
Retire your not doing a damn thing to help Americans. Your hatred of Anything Trump will be your ticket through the gates of hell...enjoy
Happy Birthday Senator!
Happy Birthday, Senator. Stay well and strong

Praying your treatments are going well.
.why don't you go there & do something besides tweeting!

It's time you show some integrity and resigned.
You are a traitor to our country !!
Please support our President!!!! Then you will be supporting America! Quit being soooo jealous!!!
Happy Birthday to a great man!
Wipe that brown off your nose after you WAKE UP!!!
Happy Birthday
https://youtu.be/4hr37eE0nO8  Brown NOSE!
happy birthday.
Thank you. Hope you had a restful birthday.
McCain - get your RINO Ass Out of My Congress.  You do Not represent the GOP.
Happy birthday Mr john McCain. Happy happy birthday  I want u to know i appreciate u n I appreciated ur giant thumbs down  No!  thank u
1 vote away buddy! Just 1 vote away from this god awful Healthcare system. Arizona VA is they worst in the country.  You let america down. 
Always has!
Mr Trump is on it. TEXAS will lead the way and show the rest of us how to man up. No need for McCain to get involved.
You're a horrible man. Happy Birthday. God Bless Trump
Trump is on it. No worries. MAGA
as usual you have to open your mouth and pretend you're respected by someone, somewhere.  You're not.
With you on Texas Senator!
Denver Colo. has the cyber knife...please have a look at what they can do for brain cancer with it. All the best.
