Hell John, Trump wants a military parade to boast his ego! That will surely strengthen a soldier's morale. He thinks he's Kim Un or Kadhafi!
Those same troops will need their healthcare coverage when they return to civilian life. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill!
you voted no on repeal and I was so proud of your stand. Please vote no again.  A bipartisan repair of the ACA is needed.
Ok but do not pass this radical elimination of health care bill why have an army to protect us when our leaders want us dead
Please DO NOT GIVE IN PLEASE DO NOT ALLOW #Trumpcare to pass BE THE VOICE FOR ALL OF US VOTE NO!!!!!! #ImpeachTrump #Resist #VoteNoTrumpCare
Obamacare worsens health care (expect for D.C. Elites) forces us to change Dr.'s & Insurance providers (except for McCain & pals).
Yes Sir!The Holly Grail is not a trophy to keep it's about the balance which seems to get very unbalanced.Power of Holly Grail can fire back
Retire
My dad, rejected at VA home bc of his dementia behaviors, still straightened the flag outside. Would ask me, "you ok blue eyes?" Vote NO GC.
My dad died in Vietnam but not for you or any of Congress to take away my healthcare or diminish it
Don't support #GrahamCassidy
Army pilot
It's not yours if you are not the one actually paying for it
I'm paying 100% of my premiums
It's mine
vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy!!! Terrible bill... #bipartisan fixes not something worse than full repeal... #SaveACA
Yeah & taking away our healthcare.  So glad you won't lose yours. NOT!!!!!
How can you discuss accountability and turn the other way when Clinton is violating multiple laws? I have seen lost clearances over pampers!
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Senator, #GrahamCassidy will take away vital medical insurance from many, MANY veterans!! Please vote NO!!!
Thank you for taking care of those who honorably served. Stay honorable & strong for America as well, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Please Sir.
The CBO has just announced that repealing the ACA w/ the Graham-Cassidy is even worse that repeal without replacement. VOTE NO!
@_B3Inc relentless in protecting are military heroes yet being failed in there ability to protect there futures https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nhimsK9hN-I … 
Sad when are heroes have to beg to have a way to monitor there exposures to protect there futures
What's the CBO score on the #GrahamCassidy bill ?
How about accountability for @realDonaldTrump ?
If you pass this healthcare bill there won't BE any troops in a short while. Kill us all, you don't need us, right?

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 

How dare you clothe yourself in patriotism while betraying us by not repealing Obamacare?
But don't allow them to treat our enemies as enemies. You're so good at doing it both ways cancerous one.
Nope @SenJohnMcCain you are working against, not for, our #veterans. @DeptVetAffairs
@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
You were my dads hero. Please don't dishonor his memory & service by allowing #GrahamCassidy to murder me & destroy my daughters life.
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. My daughter doesn't need me to die. I just have to be ok until she's 18. PLEASE!!! I just need 3 more yrs!
. Traitor Johnnie, you can't change a persons sex, a boy is always a boy a girl is always a girl, and a traitor shouldn't live
Please vote no on #CassidyGraham wealthcare bill. Charging more for or denying coverage for pre-existing conditions is a death sentence.
I don't believe you, and I hope you vote no on the graham raping healthcare bill. You're not a cruel man, are you?
Reforming you, dear Senator. Retire.
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy bill it will only hurt veterans!
Why are you switching and voting for DT Care? You were a hero to millions! Why become a ZERO?
Or we could, you know, audit the Pentagon.
Go away! You are done! No linger trust worthy. Go take care if ur head. It's screwing ur judgment
$500 billion a year, has very year, should give the troops all they need and more. How about auditing DOF?
I am off for defense. However, please, save our healthcare. Do not vote for the current bill.  What happened with Alexander's work?
Is this why you're willing to throw healthcare away? Your military folks will be affected, too!
: pentagon should equipp soldiers: cri kets in
head mean
remote mind control
makes them
dependent
as american cuba diplomats
Traitor traitor Traitor
The healthcare bill doesn't remedy our greatest problems; it compounds them. This is no better than the last. I don't care what our gov said
Please vote No on Graham/Cassidy. #RegularOrder #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyBill #Trumpcare
Senator, how many new Civil service positions will be created?  How many ret. O6's will get a GS-15 slot for life?  Streamline the Pentagon?
Sorry, been there and seen it, you want a good taste of waste? NSMWDC-IAMD, Dahlgren.
Thankyou John and Thankyou Lord Please Continue to Strengthen them physically mentally and Spiritually and Protect Too
But screw them if they come back injured, am I right? Vote no on the graham Cassidy bill
Every few weeks we have to call congress and beg them to preserve and expand health care. It's crazy. Stand against gutting care.
Hey John, maybe dont vote to cut health support from your constituents when you yourself get it from the gov't

I totally feel ya. I have a relatively new rx that would cost $30k/month if it weren't for ins.

I hope everyone who voted a GOP in office will now think twice. The blood is on their hands. I'm praying this thing will die 4ever.

Same. 52 years old - I have had colon and breast cancer, plus $25K minimum/year premium. So there will be no screenings if this passes.
https://twitter.com/bessbell/status/909884631788298240 …
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
Taking out more of your hatred for Americans on vets?
Please help us with healthcare too.  The military needs you on both fronts.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Hi John, can you @ me with the CBO score for the Graham-Cassidy-Catastrophe before voting yes on it? Thx.
I whole heartedly agree
Counting on you to come through to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. We need you to protect our health care. Fix ACA. Bipartisan. Help us.
That's great John!  The crap Lindsay is peddling needs to be killed .  GOP has to stop giving the few rich breaks and screwing the poor
How are you voting on healthcare and hr620?
Supporting the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is wrong on many levels but it hurts VETS! kids! and cancer patients! No narrow Rep. mandate.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy repeal. Please do not blow up the healthcare system! How do you want to be remembered Sen.McCain?
We spend the largest % of national budget IN THE WORLD on defense. Whose pocket is it going in if not going to our troops? Answer plz.
Please vote NO on the #GrahamCassidy bill. The American people are counting on you.
Vote NO to repeal the ACA. Please. So many people consider you a hero. Show them! Please!
EVERYONE OTHER THAN RICH AND UNINFORMED *WANT* THE ACA! GET OVER IT! STOP SCREWING W/ OTHERS' LIVES! WORK W/ Ds ON ACA! G-C WILL KILL PPL!
You stand for nothing but supporting the global initiative.
Globalism=Satanism
Your an evil man John McCain
You need to have same health care as the rest of us, otherwise, you have no idea
MY 41 YR OLD FRIEND W/ CANCER IS TERRIFIED! THAT IS NOT GOOD FOR HER! SHE'S BEEN TERRIFIED EVERY TIME THESE AWFUL BILLS COME UP! STOP!! 
Was it done in a Bipartisan effort?
VOTE NO. LIVES ARE AT RISK. AND STOP DOING THIS!! IT HURTS & SCARES SICK PPL EVERY TIME! STOP! FIX ACA! ENOUGH NONSENSE! 
By streamline, he means getting rid of requirements and specifications. The DoD will have no idea what they are buying or why.
Dear John- RETIRE!
sigh that i have to do this again, vote no on this crappy Cassidy-Graham bill if it comes up.
And why did it take 30 years to get this done? Oh that's right went through regular order. Just RETIRE Brutus and fade away.
Graham - Cassidy bill leaves almost 2 million veterans who rely on Medicaid without care. What are you doing?
I'm all for it, now tell your bud @LindseyGrahamSC to drop the faux federalism attack on healthcare standards
Please vote no to the Cassidy-Graham abomination.
Reform CRDP all disabled veterans deserve their retirement and disability SA639
Please Senator please vote no on the new healthcare bill. You would secure your legacy forever. Please you will save millions of americans.
His legacy as......? A traitor?
Supposing that the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is really so brilliant, why attempt to sneak it through on a narrow Republican mandate?
Two reasons. 
1. Deadline coming up
2. Dems won't vote for any Obamacare repeal.
