How in the hell are you going to confirm Tillerson, when you have concerns w/his ties to Russia thru all of this! Where is ur integrity NOW!
@RiseUpAbove @SenJohnMcCain @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @YouTube They confirm Tillerson because they have no balls.All talk
and Kerry an Obama did of course? Past 8 years
Past 8 years NO SCANDALS!! and certainly not THINK SKINNED! GTHOH guy
Benghazi, Iran deal, ambassador killed,, emails
Red Line in Syria, expansion of Isis, more?
20 trillion in debt,2.3 % GDP, Rase bating,
Your trump train is derailing!! Have a great day !!
Benefit of the doubt? @realDonaldTrump = scorpion; you=frog, US citizens = screwed
Sir, giving POTUS benefit of the doubt on Tillerson will seat a Russian collaborator in WH. I don't understand your decision.
so dumb to think it's bad that Tillerson is good at diplomacy.  Glad you are not in charge!
your understanding of history and war is woefully inadequate. We once backed Iraq against Iran. Sides flip. Go read some books.
dude, do some research. Most history books are going to be more accurate than YouTube or Breitbart. Knoweledge is power.
Depopulation conspiracies are not new. Spend your life digging into that if you want, meanwhile we have real problems to fix.
why are Christians are always in such a hurry to end the world? Can't we chill & have a good time first? Stop trying to ruin it
https://twitter.com/Deplorabelle/status/823624555986042881 …
Please step off with your golden parachute. Perhaps Tillerson can find you another job. Enough is enough.
you are anti-American, I was in Vietnam, your time is over, take a hike pal, good riddance, lost & outdated.
For awhile there I was thinking that @marcorubio ,@LindseyGrahamSC and you had grown balls ....guess I was wrong...
LOL!
shame on you for yes vote on TILLERSON!!! You just put us in BED WITH RUSSIA. We will remember Mr McCain.
Unfortunately you are all talk.
How could you trust Tillerson?
@GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC
Understand you caved on confirmation of Comrade Tillerson.  Sad!  We were depending on you to stand up for our country.
We're counting on you to stand up and represent.
It's beyond time, Sir, for you to step down. You're vitriol is divisive at a time when this country need to unite.
Why did you totally roll over on Tillerson? I thought, maybe, you had some principle. Not so.
Nope.
Does Mr Trump understand the Freedom of the Press guaranteed by the First Amendment ?
Completely stunned; Tillerson is an extreme threat 2 the Nation, & u know it @SenJohnMcCain. I can no longer support u.  

@GStephanopoulos
They fall into a line after all.  #Spineless #GOP #X-republican #climatechange
Is it possible that you read the intelligence report and missed that @GenFlynn is a Russian agent?

don't go weak on us...words aren't enough, sir. Resist the coup. Country before party.
deeply concerned about your vote for education.  You want to be an attack dog on Trump...vote NO!!!
Sir, thank you for your reasoned words on these subjects. Please help lead the GOP to sanity
Those war crimes are now on YOUR HEAD, traitor. You and all the 'security team' you named. LIES
You look tired Senator.  You must have a lot on your mind.  Prayers towards you McCain.
.@SenJohnMcCain I suppose you're sorta concerned about relations with Russia, but not enough to give Trump too much trouble w his cabinet
Traitor!
you are soooo spineless backing tillerson!! Spineless!!
Rex has deficit in competence and order from butcher Putin. You endorsed Trump, and US isn't a leader of free world anymore.
yeah the ceo of multibillion dollar company is incompetent..  pull your head out man.  He'd run circles around u.
We need your help to stop Betsy DeVos, Senator. For our children. Please.
US-Russia relations are GREAT! Russia wins, and McCain handed them the trophy. TREASON.
RINO loser, career politician. Mr Trump is the President stop trying to obstruct him.
Good bye to our Grand Canyon.  YOU are acting to sell away our heritage and our health to oil.
Very disappointed in your FLIP-FLOPPING on principles.
hey Senator, how about giving the benefit of the doubt to the American people?
if you are so concerned who the hell do you give Tillerson a free pass?????
Why don't you just go ahead and out yourself and just say you are a Lefty!
Irrelevant RINO!
Y Dont U JustShutup!EVERYTHING U PUSH is bad4 #USA ! Examples: #NAFTA #IRAQ #LIBYA #SYRIA ! @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @AP
Profits are not more important than national security and the preservation of our democracy
You are the Last Rep. I would have expected to drink the koolade! So disappointed!!
Ill bet u prayed hard when you hand delivered your fake news, with out any tape to the fbi
Thank you for #truth. I fear that the world is on the brink of WWIII. Please do not back down on #Russia investigations
it's disappointing to see your approval of Tillerson
Our last hope for denying Russia control in our government. You were the one we could count on. Sad and anxious.
Don't give in to Russia and Flynn and Tillerson and Trump. Follow the rubles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSpzW6hmyO4 …
How much is George Soros paying you??? You are the reason we voted for trump. You should retire
@ThisWeekABCYou are a disgrace!The people you represent knew Tillerson is dangerous. You are No Hero
I
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”
- where did "Country First" go? You should deny Rex confirmation. Stand tall
Disappointed in your attitude on President Trump. You are not helping the country move forward. Hope you change this.
I began to respect you as of late @SenJohnMcCain . Didn't take long for that to change.
I can't stand ABC, but I saw enough to be disappointed in you. I trust Trump
What happened Senator? Who is silencing your opposing views? You gave us hope but lied! @GOP
If you "don't know" because Trump's unstable, the answer is "NO," you partisan doughdick.
you are a disappointment sir. I thought that you were a true American who put country 1st.
I thought just for a second that you actually cared about our country! Thanks for nothing.
I'm greatly disappointed in you. You know Flynn is russian owned.
You know Tillerson supports Russia for the money. America is disappointed
As an American, I'm so disappointed in your support of Tillerson. Get a spine.
Sen.McCain, Why won't you stand with the majority of Americans? Stand up for USA.
you always act like you're the one sane republican yet you're voting Tillerson in how does that make any sense???
DO NOT confirm Tillerson! He cares more about making $ with Russia than he does about America.
Senator: PLEASE be the Maverick you have been. The Maverick in Republican Land we need
if you don't know if u trust him, u don't. No benefit of the doubt for prez. Do what is right for democracy.
-This Pres. is different- act accordingly -USA not USSA!!
Please @SenJohnMcCain reconsider confirming Rex.
Watch my full interview w/ @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC discussing incoming cabinet, US-#Russia relations & more https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3DMUXIJV4o&feature=youtu.be …
"When in doubt, don't." - Benjamin Franklin
Геннадий Викторович Балашов
 Нас делят мовой, чтобы народ не думал о причинах нищеты украинцев
There is evidence about Russian subversion and we all know you've seen it.
Exxon John is back.
You see approval rating for what's going on? You guys are all going to be history!
PLEASE Don't do it! You must want oil too! Obama had 3 picks denied! Trump is insane!
What is wrong with you? The People are SCREAMING no Tillerson!! Sanctions! Trump!
Donald Trump is a Russian puppet, so are many in his administration, they are traitors. @SenJohnMcCain @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC
no respect for you anymore as an American Veteran you always make bad choices palin
What will you do to combat the lying from the White House?
Wondering what oppo Russia has on YOU,Senator. This about face is disturbing and disgracefull
Please Mr McCain Tillerson has a 500 BILLION Deal with Russia for drilling oil AS YOU QUOTED "RUSSIA HAS
COMMITTED WAR CRIMES" NO one in our government should be in bed with Putin or anyone in Russia! PLEASE DO...
THE RIGHT THINK FOR OUR GREAT COUNTRY.. please no to Tillerson
why did u vote for that Russian man? Not cool.
you need to know this we the people elected TRUMP for a reason his words are our words.
Please, senator, do NOT allow Putin's errand boy Tillerson into the new president's cabinet. You KNOW he's a Putin plant!
@USITA_forum @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @YouTube at what point will you put Country over party?
Disappointed in your Tillerson vote.  He is Putin's choice, not ours,  and thought you would stick to your principles.
GOP contrl gov they destroy the economy, middle class, ethics, &violate constitution.
Everyone in congress can be bought for a dollar. All rules & norms broke for Trump.
My grandfather & uncle both Tuskegee Airmen are rolling over in their graves.
Why are you voting for Tillerson? #traitor
I support Trump and I support you like you support veterans - not at all.
So disappointed u are sticking with party vs. People.   U no theses cabinet r not good
John U say Putin is not our friend yet you support Rex.  That's what Putin wants.  Shame on you
John McCain say NO to Rex Tillerson!!!
How can U support Rex T you're giving Putin what he worked so hard 4 interfering n our election
Why would you support Rex that's giving Putin what he wants? You're putting party over country
Putin worked hard to get Rex. Putin & Tillerson are the mastermind and Trump is the puppet.
l thought you were a maverick. Now I know you're bought and sold. Disappointing. AZ deserves better
sell out! What kind of a man are you to let the foxes in the henhouse?! We're doomed.
You'll be 86 next election and the will be your legacy. Sad.
Making our sworn enemy with nukes aimed straight at us richer is smart?
Tillerson will make a fortune and so will Putin if Exxon/Rosneft are allowed to drill.
business as usual. Gen Flynn himself is subject of intense scrutiny. What happened to you sir?
Let me guess. The sanctions will be lifted. Rosneft will get to drill in the arctic and
continue to question/analyze. Don't agree with all  your decisions, but your stance on many positions is refreshing.
Say NO to Tillerson!
Stand up Senator. Trump called u a loser and made fun of your service. He's dangerous
why MCCain hate Russia?
He eats all the bullshit CNN said about it.
no taxes no votes no ACA no PP no criminal charges no UN no Medicare no SS no  voters in 2020!
Drain swamp not fill swamp vote no Tillerson and Sessions birds if a feather smell together
Nah, I'm good.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
"America Carnage Speech"
Please vote your conscience.
Thank you for putting your country above party.  You give me hope for USA.

I really cannot believe that you gave in to Tillerson. I'm disappointed. I WAS so proud of you. I THOUGHT you were a patriot.
ur concerned abt Russia but will pass Tillerson? U break my heart  They said ur a stand up guy, Prove It! Don't get conned!
E tu, Brute? Were you also offered a piece of the pie ?
PLEASE DONT PASS TILLERSON!!!
Well done Comrade @SenJohnMcCain! @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC  Vladimir is glad to have you on board, & exited you have no real teeth left
Shame on Lindsay Graham. Shame shame shame. #traitor
Please lead the charge on Trump's alleged Russian ties.  The American people need closure on this mystery... not endless speculation.
So ashamed of lie about Tillerson. His connection with Russia is real. Sell out
so disappointed in you.  You could've been one of the good guys. #nottillerson #resist
Supporting Tillerson confirmation? So disappointed. You used to stand for something noble.
you should be prosecuted for what you've done!!
It so sad and disappointing that you have not FULLY disavowed all aspects of Trump's candidacy/presidency.
Sell out.
have you lost your mind?
Criminals: Fossil fuel #polluter mafia #climate deniers: #Trump, #Tillerson, #Perry, #Pruitt, #Carson, etc. --- @SenJohnMcCain
Yet you support Tillerson Mr. McCain? Amazing how fast they were able to buy you off. #Hypocrite
Dark Money!
You are a sell-out. So much for your integrity. Guess everyone has a price - what was yours? @SenJohnMcCain @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC
thank you for being professional, courteous and classy on the show
youre the 1 person I thought was a patriot. You sold us out to Putin & Exxon. You're a traitor to the US too
You over Trump any day! Timing is everything...
I am not surprised by your support for Tillerson. You Picked party& power over the American people. Pathetic!
benefit of the doubt? Was you investigating Russia just for show? Well trust this - this move will show in the polls for you
Weak ass
Senator McCain, I admire you enormously but don't understand the Till vote. Not like you.
Your voting for who?  Man, your such a fraud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea7d695rEno …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSmDlCYyLL4 …

America can count on McCain when pigs fly
McCain says on @ThisWeekABC he'll vote yes on Rex Tillerson for State.

Here's what he said earlier, per Houston Chronicle on…
Please put the American people before your party and power. We deserve better than Trump's Alternative Presidency!
BE CLEAR Senator. Those woman in the March were NOT all Democrates. BE VARY AWARE, the GOP are also PISSED
no thanks!
what is that? https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/193 …
remember what the baffoon had said about you!!!!!! Do the right thing!!
I implore you to stay strong and vote your conscience. Tillerson is a mistake. Why give Putin another win?
Senator don't tolerate treason.
@2020pleasehurry @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC @YouTube NO THANK YOU!
#TheResidence #WomensMarch #JiveTurkey!
Benefit of the doubt! McCain you are the check, the balance. Trump needs to prove himself not get a pass.
Tillerson? Really?! Remind me what you stand for, because I'm very confused.
shame on you!!!!
Why?  I can't imagine anything you could say to justify this to the American people.
supporting Tillerson is selling our souls St dept spreads democracy & defends US not sell them to the highest bidding oil co
why not include our 350K funding to disrupt Israel elections along with Russia invest.
Are you using Tillerson to appease Russia in order to buy time for a military buildup? 
@SenJohnMcCain @GStephanopoulos @ThisWeekABC
you sir are the very epitome of a Rhino
Remember people when it's time to vote to get these old cronies out of office.
Tillerson..REALLY?! How disappointing. Sometimes you're more mercurial than Herr Trump.
you support Tillerson? You've gone to the dark side. I had more faith in you.
Shameful. Tillerson is Trump's gift to Putin & entirely unqualified to lead foreign policy. You owe trump nothing, us better.
Screw you "maverick "! Go find your balls that u left in the bathroom! #PutinPuppet
Tillerman NO for America, he is for oil/ money/greed/russian buddy - SAD to see you adopt the same values!!!
john mccain you sold out,   WHY?  Have some ethics...
you are disappointing your Constituents more and more. Is that the legacy you want to leave  behind? You work for us!
Mr. McCain don't stop short continue to stand up to your party & some of these awful cab. picks
You support ALL of his team unequivocally?
Senator, how can U support Tillerson?  Is supporting your party more important than integrity?
Do not approve Tillerson, he is a con man just like Chump!  Another Putin buddy!
Thanking you for your calming, intelligent remarks. I was grateful for your interview.
Can't believe you'd ruin YOUR legacy for him. This is what we will remember when you're gone.
Do they have kompromat on you too?
Sen. McCain YOU were supposed to be the most sane one. Does Putin have something on you too?
selling us out to Russia.  Truly disappointed in you.
I guess pigs flew! Tillerson? U kidding? I guess convictions fly, too-out the window!
Sir, you are regarded as a hero. You put America first. Please, I implore you, do the same now.

please do not vote yes on Tillerson.
You said you want to see DT's tas returns. How about Tillerson. How will you know if he divests
I watched and am very dissapointed that you will approve Rex. W/ties to Russia & no tax returns
Money over country as usual. You didn't hear a thing the women said yesterday.
Why couldnt you spend 5 mins with the veterans who wanted to talk to you about Tillerson - you instead let them be arrested. Disgusting!
What a pathetic show of ass kissing I have ever seen.
Sir, you saw the stark differences between the crowds. Vote against cabinet picks.Continue to be a patriot!
You should be ashamed. I never thought you would put party before country.

