Watch all that fairweathered love Dems had for you disappear. Thank You Senator. We need to get back to working order. Go Rest senator
DJT last summer: McCain's not a hero. Cult45 begin attacks on McCain
DJT this week: McCain's a hero.
Cult45 once more love McCain
Hypocrites
Are you in a cult? I will say a prayer for you DM! Bless your heart!
Keep pretending not to understand, that way you won't need to think critically, engage in discussion or challenge yourself. Stagnation FTW.
And now, Mr. Maverick (who's exempt from Obamacare) gets to ride off into the sunset while working people suffer.
How horrible that now, seemingly nearing the end, you show yourself for what you really are.  Shame on you, sir.
I apologize for this tweet senator. You showed courage tonight. Thank you.
Your words:“...any serious attempt to improve healthcare... must begin with a full repeal & replacement of Obamacare” Liar.
While you keep your healthcare, you just voted for millions of Americans to lose theirs. Truly disappointed in the man you have become.
I humbly stand corrected. Thank you.

You really didn't know Mo Udall at all. You just proved that today.
I rather have to walk this back...Mo would've appreciated the work/grit to do that, and lamented it'd come to this.
What would Mo Udall do, Senator? I think we both know he'd be hilariously scathing of Graham-Cassidy.
Oh sit down and shut up....NO ONE CARES.....  you made your position VERY CLEAR....
Your party is working against the people! Are you listening to yourself? That's exactly what you are doing.
Wow! I'm a liberal and I was very inspired by your speech! We need more bipartisan work done!  #JohnMcCain
My little niece w cancer is deeply disappointed in you. Thanks.
Party before country always, eh John? Party before the citizenry too.
Keep your empty fucking words for your hollow heart and hollow party.
I hope you get better but I'm so ashamed you would deny millions access to coverage you yourself are using.
I am so moved by your speaking today!!! WOW!!! You earned my respect today
...seriously?!?  I Hope you live long enough to see the pain you've just inflicted on Us
Thank you!!!
Have you no empathy? No ability to imagine someone fighting cancer without the benefits you enjoy? Are you entirely without conscience?
Disgusting. Easy for you with all that care huh? You've become a disgrace. #shame #aca
I have just lost all respect for you. 
#ACARepealDebate
we are extremely disappointed in your vote.  How would it be for you if you immediately lost your health care ?
He'd be dead and couldn't have voted to kill 20 million plus
I used to respect you... now? You are just another gop putting party above country and screwing up to 32M out of ins. I hope you're proud
John is a mean bastard who is not a lion of the Senate, he is a cruel man and will be remembered (if at all) as such.
I hope you continue to do well. You are a true hero! My fear is that many of your party will not hear your words.
We can't let 22 million people lose there health care. #45 never speaks in a positive tone, no matter what he speaks about.
Don't let him keep us, the people, down. All the Republican Senators have to do what's best for the country.  We the people, demand it!!
Shame on you, Senator!
Every Veteran will be harmed by the travesty of democracy you perpetuated today. This will be your legacy. Sleep well.
It is absolutely unconscionable and depraved.
WAy You Voted YES Makes Your Speech A Bold Face LIE. You Should Have Voted NO. You Have Lost All Credibility As Your Speech Opposite of Vote
Out of the hospital with excellent health coverage, only to come back with a vote that will likely kill thousands. Hypocritical
Please be the statesman we all need.  trump needs to be removed.
you are now no longer an American hero.  You just voted to take health care away from millions as you battle brain cancer.  Disgraceful
Thank you for your speech but disagree with you about ACA. 18 mos. of debate and amendments before it was voted on, we remember, you should
I didn't like your vote but your speech was beyond outstanding. You are a true American hero and I am thankful for your dedicated service.
And how sad that you returned to tarnish your legacy by voting to deny millions the public supported healthcare you have just been using.
Outstanding comments to the Senate. God Bless you Senator McCain.
So very sad to hear you vote aye.  Then again you did vote for 45 too.  Bye John.
I guess you gave up your soul. In hindsight between kissing Bush's ass, promoting Palin, and now kissing Trump's ass, it's obvious but still
Thank you! It was a speech that was needed! For both sides. So again thank you.
Once a hero, now a coward
Wonderful and very needed speech.  Thank you for having principals.
I would certainly hate to have cancer when I lose my insurance because you repeal the ACA.
This was a bad choice. Good luck getting any sleep. Knowing what will happen to the people of AZ I ask, how could you? How could you?
You should really be ashamed. You led a very honorable life filled with service to the US yet betrayed it today.
I hope your tumor bursts out of your skull on live television you heartless, spineless monster.
that's a terrible thing to say. i wish you hadn't said that.
That's cool. I wish he hadn't voted to strip care from America's neediest citizens to fill the pockets of donors but wishes don't come true.
I agree. His decision sucks balls, but he's one of the few GOP people that I think would stand up if Trump tried to go full Mussolini.
You're wrong. All of these monsters are so beholden to power that they'll do anything they're told no matter what the cost. They are evil.
Calling the entire GOP "evil monsters" is not going to help solve any of our problems in America right now.
No, only this will
Do your constituents not deserve the same healthcare you are afforded?
Are you not morally responsible for representing the desires of your constituents?
Your vote was absolutely a vote "just to win." Perhaps you need to reconsider your speechwriter.
.. and "to hell with" your constituents desires, too, apparently.
If you won't vote for it as is, then you should have voted no, and presented a bipartisan bill, NOT CREATED BEHIND CLOSED DOORS.
If failure seems likely, then why move forward with it? Why not insist on hearings BEFORE you vote? Actions speak louder than words, Senator
Cooperation does NOT mean supporting a bill created in the dark, by only men, with no Democratic input. That's what you voted for.
It is an honor to serve the American people. Remember that over the next few days, as you reflect on your vote - against our wishes.
A sick person who steals from the sick
Ouch! But it's true...
Nice job today. Here's a cake.
Now I must walk back this snark. Nice job yesterday for real. Here's a for real cake.
Blah blah blah lies lies lies may u choke on all the money u received from Rothschilds&Soros.I don't know how ur family can even look at u
I'm glad your government provided healthcare allowed you to get on the floor to take our healthcare away. I'm embarrassed for you. Shameful.
I take this back. Thanks.
Sir, .@MeghanMcCain .@cindymccainVoters demand ur testimony on ur .@FBI #FARA crime in paying for #FusionGPS fake dossier
You were good to your word, Thank you. I hope we can get to the place you described in this excellent speech.
Your speech doesn't represent your vote! Hypocrite and I no longer trust you!
That was some hardcore world-class grandstanding.  You ought to retire and focus on your health and family.
This will be your finest hour if you speak out to kill the skinny bill. #SkinnyRepeal #killthebill #mccainhero
Commy
You made sense when you spoke. Don't depend on the House to further what you call a "disaster". If they pass it under pressure, you voted.
just words. no action.
@SenJohnMcCain  Did you just say "Blah, Blah, Blah "?
One of the most significant political speeches made in 2017, and in @SenJohnMcCain’s career. 

All politicians need to watch and learn!
I'll be speaking on the Senate floor following today’s vote – watch live: https://www.c-span.org/video/?431793-101/us-senate-procedural-vote-advance-health-care-bill-underway …

I'm sure your insurance is better than mine and plenty of poor folks who rely on Medicaid. Bravo, you are a true American hero.
I take back my complaints from earlier this week. Thank you for putting Americans above party. Thank you.
Your return to "Regular Order Speech" would have more meaning w/ - NO vote.  That would have assured Regular Order for this important Bill.
Thank you Senator McCain - Regular Order is what we need
Unfollow, we see who you are
Ok, I take this back tonight
I can't believe the disservice you just handed to millions of Americans. Where's your humanity? Especially now.
Sir, as your colleague, I just want to let you know that in Denmark the conservative party considers you a hero.Get well soon
Hvad er kriterierne for at blive betragtet som en helt af partiet @KonservativeDK i denne sammehæng?
Krigshelt og markant forkæmper for NATO og det amerikanske engagement i Europa. Det er folk, som McCain, der er skyld i, at vi er frie
OK tak for svar. Tænkte nok det var i det bredere perspektiv. Undrede mig bare lidt over sammenhængen med healtcare debatten/afstemningen.
TRAITOR.
How could you possibly side with Trump when he talked about you like a dog. I used to have much respect but now nothing but shame.
I would love to say you're a man of honor & courage,but you really showed yourself today.It's sad that you're willing to support such evil.
Shame. Shame.
It's disingenuous to claim that the ACA was passed without Republican input. The bill was bi-partisan, though no Rs voted for it in the end.

Ted Kennedy came back to Congress  to vote to expand HC McCain came back to vote to take it away
Your last vote will be against the American people. What a fitting legacy.
McCain has stepped up to help American people.we thank you McCain
You are a pathetic old man that never got over losing to a black man, so you take it out on everyone. Thanks for making things worse.
This will sadly be your legacy now. Not war hero and patriot, but someone who helped rob people of human rights and healthcare. Sad.
But I can say uniquivically that I truly believe you have America's best interests at heart. Please, don't betray my trust.
My thoughts exactly
It's hard to criticize a guy with brain cancer except when he's working to take away health care from other guys with brain cancer. https://twitter.com/trayf/status/889923581513256961 …
I am watching your address to the senate. while I have never been a fan politically of yours I have always admired you as a person. thank ..
Shame on you Senator. Don't the U.S. People deserve the same quality of healthcare that you hav which we pay for?
It's a shame that the content of the speech doesn't match how you voted. I truly wish you well, sir, but that's a huge disappointment.
I don't understand why someone who is fortunate enough to have good health care when he needs it would assist in ending it for millions.
@ralphb47 @SenJohnMcCain because he's republican.
I was really hoping your diagnosis would give you some political courage.
Shame on you John McCain. Just disgusting.
I am deeply disappointed, Senator. You were a hero all those years ago...I believed today that you would fight for us again. You did not.
Since you don't care about my life I don't care about yours either. Now go out to pasture.
Glad to see Obamacare is good enough for your tx, think about that while millions die because of your vote. #shameful #disgrace

You were amazing but I wish you would have voted no.  Trump no thinks he is the King of Health Care.
Funny you'd think someone in your current position would have a little empathy. You're a fraud who sides with Trump at every chance
Very nice speech today
2 funny. All the people who voted for Trump & McCain are the same people who can't afford to lose Obamacare! Ironic. Blame the people's vote
You voted yes! Shame on you! Once your cancer takes you,may you find comfort with the devil!
#NotAHeroAnymore
You had a chance to stand up and do what your speech called for. I'm so sad. You were my Sen from birth to 22 & I am so disappointed.
Sir you are no hero!! You are a disgrace to America! Betrayed those who really needed  you and you turned you back in US.
Disgraceful, sir.... just disgraceful!
Every word of which is a lie, like every cowardly word you've said since 20 January. Just resign and go home.
Last week I was sad for you, but glad you got excellent health care. Today you let America down. I'm just not sad for you anymore. #notahero
I now do not consider you a hero. I used to. I thought because you needed healthcare with your situation you would do the right thing. Evil
How could you? 
I'm ashamed I stood up for you and defended your honor John McCain!
I'm a retired military officer and I'm absolutely disgusted and horrified by your vote today, McCain. You've ruined your name in history.

McCain's last act as a statesman is lying to Americans begging him not to take away our healthcare accesd. Coward. https://twitter.com/BostonGlobe/status/889932214821154817 …
Why can't the American people have the SAME healthcare coverage as you have now???? What makes you different than the rest of America????
You make me sick.  You really do.  You have the best care available yet don't care that others do not.  That is vile, unAmerican and petty.
Shame on you.  You are NOT a maverick.
@SenJohnMcCain you could have been a hero to the entire country.
You took away our healthcare. Yet, we pay for yours. A tragic and unfair swan song for a man with many years of service to America.
Why did you vote for repeal? You have health care-TRICARE. What about 20 million Americans that will not?
You decided to put party above country while keeping the Cadillac congressional healthcare. Go back home John, damage is done.
GOP has robbed millions of Americans of healthcare while giving billions back to the wealthy. Go back home John & face your constituents.
Save your words for your constituents in AZ. I doubt you will face them in person. So much easier to face a camera isn't it?
You could have been a hero but you have voted to take away healthcare from millions who have paid for yours.
You don't care for your constituents, at all.
I still pray for your healing, but I am disappointed in your vote. It would have been better for you & all of us if you had stayed in AZ.
Too bad you don't afford the same care to the American people that the Viet Cong extended to you, coward
His cancer is a preexisting condition. Let him pay for his own healthcare
You make me proud to be an American. Thank you for your service and thank you for your beautiful words. You are a hero many times over.
History will judge you not by what you said, but by what you did.

You should be ashamed, sir.
Well done Senator. Will your colleagues listen to your sage advice?  I truly hope so for the sake of America.
Your vote is indefensible and U know it.  Not with a bang, but with a  whimper you exit.
Your words mean nothing. Your actions are what matter.  Unfortunately for us your vote shows you are as empty as your words.
I'm sorry for your diagnosis. Now, imagine someone getting it who doesn't have insurance. Your independence has always been a posture
Maverick? No, heartless hypocrite, yes.
Sen. McCain, I wish you complete recovery and thank you for all your service, but don't destroy the ACA!! Millions will lose coverage!
You should be ashamed! The tax payers you're stripping healthcare from are paying for your cancer treatments!
Too bad all you can do is talk the talk.  YOUR vote just cost millions the right to fight cancer, just like your doing. Spineless murderer
You disappointed me, sir. After the blessing God gave you. The opportunity to make a difference. Now you'll be remembered for those who die.
Jesus, dude, what is wrong with you? Came back for that? Lame.
Nobody cares. You hate the American people, you made that very clear a few minutes ago.
Fraud
You left the hospital paid for by our taxes on a flight paid for by our taxes to vote to take away our healthcare to save money. Good job
Thank you Senator.
Wonderful speech!
I want to have compassion for you right now, but it's really hard. Your "yes" vote is deeply upsetting.
Thank you!
Your speech was excellent , your vote a travesty of your words.
Coward
I hope you vote to give all Americans the same health care you have!
I can't believe someone in your postion would do this to the citizens that are in need!  Sad!
I am sorry you are ill.  But, you SUCK!
Shame
I thought you were a decent man until today. Voting for this show you have as little honor as the the rest of the Russian loving GOP.
Shame on you! You want your legacy to be taking healthcare away instead of improving it!! I thought you were a better man than that!
So your dying vote will be to disallow Americans the right to the same healthcare you are receiving.
Use your power to argue for better than the ACA, not worse. You know the importance of health care!
You just voted to begin taking health insurance away from millions.  Now I'm rooting for the cancer.
Shameful vote today
This is the price to pay for selling your soul to those in power.
Truly disappointed in you. Yet again, it's party before people.
How are you enjoying your hc to treat your cancer, sir? Sure would be nice if all Americans could have that! #shameonGOPSenators
You have sold your soul. I am done.
It's sad that while you enjoy quality healthcare, that you vote to deprive 34 million Americans of it.  Shame on you.
Enuf said...

You are embarrassment to this country & should be ashamed of yourself. You have obliterated any positive legacy you might have left behind.

Great to see you back. I wouldn't expect anything less from such a true, fighting patriot
I'm proud of your strength I pray for your battle but I love President Trump and you need to support him
Shame on you. I hope your vote today is what you're remembered for.
