You should pray 4 @KamalaHarris  and stop interrupting her and disrespecting her. Your behavior yesterday was despicable.
LMFAO, Kamala Harris is a lying degenerate, both her and McCain are senile.
John "the odd father" McCain..  Marco "Fresh face, same rotten ethics" Rubio.. @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio
I voted for you. I voted for Trump, now please do what we put you both there to do.  Put America back on track. Trump is doing his part.
John McCain is a republican traitor we can thank in large part for all the unrest!
Thought you might have a little integrity, no l was wrong. Your just as corrupt as the treasonous Trump and his whole admin.
How about thinking of some more stupid questions like the ones you asked Sessions, general no impact, u could learn from Tom Cotton. No fear
standard response. The big question is what will @GOP do differently now? I'm betting NOT ONE THING.
Please @SenJohnMcCain and @GOP do something different from paying LIP SERVICE to our gun problem. @cspanwj
Gun problem? Just like too many cars causing accidents on the roads?? Get real
standard knee jerk non mutually exclusive remark. When you stop stroking your gun get some facts. @cspsnwj
What the what???
I can explain it to you but I can't make you understand. Sorry.
Praying isn't going to accomplish much. A better idea is to stop taking cash from the @NRA terrorists & start on an assault rifle ban.
We the people deserve to see everything contained in the GOP health care bill proposal. Legislation behind closed doors is not acceptable.
Let K Harris do her damn job! You n the Chair were despicable! If it's a yes/no answer, that's what's expected! Time to retire old fool!!!
You can make @SenateMajLdr show you the bill. Alone or together w/others, you can make him. Don't pretend you can't when you won't.
Do you think GOP was targeted due to their stance of taking away 23M americans' healthcare? Asking for a friend.
There's been no healthcare taken away! It hasn't even left the senate. Jeez
Good to hear you care about Scalise, pay attention to passing tax reform & health care. Dems don't help , don't  placate not about Trump.
Traitor, ur worst than a rino, no support for the PRES means NO support for YOU! get out!
Won't bother asking you to fight for our president. Your hatred makes you unable to respect those of us who voted for him
It's your fault for the VA shootings &other attacks against Conservatives. Uother politicians do NOT stand together for peace. #Dividers
Yeah, but you don't worry about is regular people and our healthcare, do you???
You mrs with all respect you macCain have my respect and you are rigth
Are you praying for the people that are murdered at the hands of illegal immigrants?
And use that knowledge to enact reasonable gun safety measures to keep Americans, especially children, safe w/out taking away anyone's guns
I'm glad that all the victims are okay, but I hope they will know what thousands of Americans experience every day w/ gun violence
This may have been avoided if the nation had common sense gun laws in place. Please put your prayers where the laws are.
Yeah like criminals really abide by laws. Ugh!
So true. Why bother with laws at all when criminals won't even follow them?
Pray for the people who will certainly die when the GOP guts their food and medical programs. Cuts have their consequences.
I bet GOP will not do one thing against NRA. NRA owns the GOP.
You give domestic abusers guns for NRA campaign donations. You reap what you sow.
Work with us call us now God bless America call us now God bless America call us now
I heard your boy #baghdadi was killed by Russia today! 
Time to start WW3 for them stealing your thunder?
Trump supporters are tired of your War Mongering, you need to resign and let younger more flexible people lead this nation. We need peace!
If a veteran is rated Iu and reaches 62 he should be made 100%
White House Petition to Fire Robert Mueller. 

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/fire-special-prosecutor-robert-mueller-failure-comply-28-cfr-452 …
Your party colluded with Russia and u know it. Recently u seem to be acting clueless, PLEASE SHUT UP. GOP ,TREASON
Don't get caught up in this collusion, it's not worth it. GOP betrayed the nation. Keep your integrity. Shut up, I am l
Well I see u sold yourself to the devil for your wife's job UShould be ashamed of yourself I know a lot of people feel the same as i
Rhetoric toward your own party is derisive support your president. You jealous man
Regardless of your political view this was a cowardly act by a very disturbed man.  On this we should all agree.
How is congressman scalise doing my heart and prayers go out to him and his family
and where's your condemnation of the liberal rhetoric that caused this assassination attempt?
@SenJohnMcCain dear Sir,we all stands with @PahlaviReza and we all supporting him.Maryam Rajavi is a lier and they don't deserve anything
Senator thank you very much for feeding the Monster called the Military Industrial Complex
@donaldtrump @potus...take note
GOD BLESS YU Tu
Sending prayers up for @stevescalise and others who were wounded. This hatred and violence is unacceptable. Let's work together to stop it.
How come FBI ensnared this guy in their web of crazies or terrorist ? Oh that's right they only spying on political opponents
Why don't you ask who told this guy republicans practiced there since it wasn't public knowledge ?
You have a daughter and 45 destroyed you during the election. Who's side are you on? Interrupting Kamala.. disgusting!
Apologize to @SenKamalaHarris   
RUDE
You have blood on your hands McCain because of all your Trump hate speech!Grow a pair and start supporting our Republican President!
https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/875276907134242817 … No, McCain has been slavishly supporting Trump, like all the other Republicans. Stop spreading nonsense.
Rep. Steve Scalise isn't the first member of Congress to be violently attacked http://cnn.it/2rwEeWq  
McCain is a pathetic old fool at this point who the left just loves! He belongs in a home for has beens!
Guy on capable making fun of my fav vet (McCain) I will tell you don't ever do that again!  Illinois loves McCain
And you never mentioned anything when @KimWeaverIA life was threatened until she dropped out of race against @SteveKingIA .. #ValueAllLife
Nice of you Sen McCain BUT .. You also supported @POTUS when he embraced & congratulated @gianforte .. encouraging violence #Hypocrisy
Happy to hear #GOP Brats had a little chat with one another. Repubs are coercive avoidance bunch whom relish divisions. #ImpeachTrump
Horrible.  Praying also for @SteveScalise
Gun violence in the US is responsible for over 30,000 deaths per year.  We need intelligent discussions in the US about gun violence.
@RepAndyBiggsAZ The NRA and gun lobby have silenced the discussion about gun violence in the US.  We need gun laws.
Them quit being on the Dems political attacks
Senator why do you feel the need to constantly interrupt kamila Harris
Prayers are nice but time for some common sense gun control? #MomsDemand
https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/875276907134242817 … Agree. Also, this is NOT the first Congressperson to be shot.
Rep. Steve Scalise isn't the first member of Congress to be violently attacked http://cnn.it/2rwEeWq  
Calling on all Decent Republicans. If u want 2 save your party Reform it Resist Trump #COP
Thank you for the sanctions on Russia. Thank you for protecting America. This is what patriots do.
I think it's time for you to take a new clean optimistic approach to your colleagues and #trump. Let's do it.
Wow. You help perpetrate this hate against Trump&Conservatives day after day. With friends like you, Repubs don't need enemies. Ugh.
You should stop playing the "Destroy Trump" game with the lefty loonies then. This fake Russia crap is why this happened. You are complicit
Hey McCain aides..when the traitor goes down so do all of you. You are all complicit in his crimes against the United States.
Let me guess...shooter mentally unstable! Where are you John McCain!!!!!
guns guns
Say a prayer for yourself too! You seem to have lost your way and your mind.
Never shoot politicians, it turns them into martyrs and we have to say nice things about them even if they were assholes.
3 words - gun control legislation.
you and your fellow rinos and democrats have brought on more violence and hatred toward our president that has never been seen before
If only there were a group of people who could pass some legislation making it more difficult for these frequent mass shootings to occur.
Careful what you say...you NRA check hasn't arrived yet this month!
Your treatment of Kamala Harris is despicable.
Quit trashing Repubs and policy you don't agree with.  You have become part of the problem. Repubs need to unite Now or forever lose power
You Sen are a large part of the problem. Stop Praying and get behind the POTUS. Hell I have been Praying for a long time that U are with us.
why do ordinary citizens have assault rifles?
Thank you & I will also pray for those injured. But while I'm here, please show Kamala Harris some respect. You were extremely rude!!!
Omg..this is going to become civil if nothing gets done soon to fix all these horrific events
While u r at it, pray for your soul.  You are part of the hate Trump crowd.
Yes, we all hope they are all OK, but hopes and prayers are not working to prevent gun violence in this country. We need real solutions now!
Maybe start by denouncing people who incite this type of violence. Let's start with @kathygriffin
Another assault rifle sold, another win for the NRA.
Drain the swamp
@SenJohnMcCain What's your stance on stronger gun control laws?
What can we do about this to make sure it never happens again?
Maybe fake news innuendo creates an environment of hate anti Rep &Trump.  We can still report news without facts..I don'tcare #Stephanopolis
You are one of the biggest reasons stuff like this happens & now you want to show concern????
You should also pray for yourself over your Russian connections. #traitors
What Insane McCain is actually thinking...  "this would never happen under Obama admin. I miss you Obama. U made me feel warm & safe".
https://twitter.com/CNNPolitics/status/875276907134242817 … The last Congressperson to be shot was Gabby Giffords, but she wasn't the first either.
Rep. Steve Scalise isn't the first member of Congress to be violently attacked http://cnn.it/2rwEeWq  
To bad your colleagues didn't have guns to shoot back!
Our representatives and senators need constant protection.
Mutual PRAYERS, Sen. John McCain, Please have as best a Good Day Ahead.
Prayers
The GOP wants EVERYONE to have access to semi automatic assault rifles..the GOP has opened the flood gates to hate and racism.
The GOP....
We can be thankful that they had additional protections that the private citizens do not have.
We need sensible gun laws. PERIOD.
USA is totally out of control.. thanks to idiots allowed to have guns. Grow a pair Senator, and legislate decent gun laws, today
This is not the twitter thread to input your political views
Big #ThankYou to the #LEOs for their bravery
First normal tweet from you. Keep it up
Very sad news but maybe now the GOP will wake up & have reasonable gun regulations. There's no need for automatic guns for hunting. #WakeUp
You own some of this for refusing to defend President and Conservatives against Dem attacks.  You are disgusting.
No worries. Scalise has great insurance.
DNC,MSM & GOP members such as yourself have been pushing Trump's illegitimacy for months, triggering the crazies. Happy w your resistance?
Share the blame songbird. Your never Trump rhetoric and playing along with the conspiracy theories has agitated your whacko bird friends.
Dr Potus says he'll make a full recovery.. while you pray .. something amiss here
Sen. McCain-please rethink security protocol for all members of congress-yes even the DEMS that promote this hate filled narrative @POTUS
After they figure out healthcare.
May be a good time to consider banning assault style wespons and large capacity magazines?
How about more mental illness laws.
so terrible
Now when you speak all I hear and see is just another profiteering hypocrite. #trumplies
Exactly, he is showing his jealousy, SUPPORT. THE PRESIDENT
Senator, Please, you are among the group whom can stop this carnage with limiting gun availabili
, we have been begging you for help with personal security from gun fire. We no longer go to city
Take care for your own security, sir.  The country needs you.
just those "2nd amendment folks" taking matters into their own hands John. Your candidates words, your responsible.
You need to pull yourself together @SenJohnMcCain and support the President's agenda.  You are a REAL disappointment. You have let us down.
Hate? Are you awake? This is about right and wrong.
And prayers for sensible #GunControl laws to protect all Americans!
Open Carry for all Americans whom have no criminal records. We'll be a safer nation.
Condemn the hysterical media, pundits, DNC and celebrities who call for violence with their "art."
Praying for them too. Guns violence real terrorism in this country.
I have a feeling it's the beginning of the end.
Done praying until you do something about Gun control.
