Congratulations! @SenJohnMcCain, you’re the number 1 ‘Lifelong’ Russophobe https://on.rt.com/8og2 
Oh, please. Just stop with your BS.
we all know trump is their no. 1 friend, senator.
Friend and employee
Trump derangement. As Ling as he’s in ur head playing with ur psyche. I can dig that. 
About two years ago Google told me that the Kremlin hacked my email account. I am simply reading books and newspapers to get my info.
That's some high praise senator;)
That is a great honor! Greetings from a "rusophobe" from Prague.
Ha! Well, Senator, I'm very proud of you. Another badge of distinction for you. Did we ever think we'd live to see such days? All the best.
Well you can't really deny it 
Keep up the good work. Putin knows you're untouchable by him. It drives him crazy 
So does Fake POTUS!!
So glad you're in the Senate, sir! Wish you were in the White House.
We need more republicans like you
Wear that badge proudly and keep up the good work.
The commies love you!Gret job.Tell Hanoi Jane hello.

Senator, glad you are a patriot! Keep it up. Appreciate you and your lifelong service to our country.
Should we bomb em John? Ur solution to all foreign policy problems is just bomb them! Too many have died & worse, survived w/scars so deep!
And guess who's #1 on their top 10 American public official kompromat charts.
This is mesmerizing. It's like what #Trump will look like at 90, once the coke finally makes his nose crumble.
You're an idiot to be speaking of this countries president and comparing him to YOUR habits
It's country's, not countries. Here you go: http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/apostro.asp …
Thanks for the lesson that wasn't asked for. Go tell your mommy she's calling you
What about that dossier John?  U are a Traitor Globalist RINO Lying POS  How's that for recognition #HanoiJohn #Songbird #TokyoRose #Soros
We love you and your phobias, Senator!
My experience: If Kremlin doesn't like something, I find it uniquely positive
HOPE this is sarcasm, john.
They are getting well deserved payback for supplying the missile that downed your Skyhawk.

McCain has lost his mind along with his ability to follow up on promises made to his base. He has betrayed the ones that voted him in.
Senator you are a true American hero thank you for your service again and again
yet another reason for respecting you
Good job sir!
Senator, you will forever be my hero
A true American hero. 
How did you really get that dossier
We may not be on the same side politically, but you're a patriot who goes all the way for Americans. I trust that. Take comfort in your great service to your country, you've made a difference, we'll not be forgetting soon.  God bless.
Congratulations, Senator.  I'm a proud sister of a Vietnam LRRP Veteran, and your service alone is enough to have my respect. But you continue to outdo yourself on a daily basis. 
When he ran for Prez 9 years ago, he came off as an angry old man, Then!
Congratulations No. 1!

Deepest respects sir, from No. 3 :) 

(pro- @Russia, anti @PutinRF - good luck, @Navalny ) 
#NoSleepTilMoscow
It should be like a royal title. Russiaphobe Louise Mensch. Russiaphobe John McCain (more important than "senator. Tons of those)
But we must change to "Putinphobe". Magnitsky was Russian - we want to liberate Russia from this corrupt regime cc @Billbrowder
Good point.
I think that's an award that you should definitely cherish. If there was no reason to be you wouldn't have earned it I'm sure.
@RT_com thank you for remaining a true American patriot. we need you. #ImpeachTraitorTrump now!
How sweet would it be if you were the one to start impeachment of #45??!!
You mean fake 44. Grover Cleveland was not two people, and Hillary won the popular vote.
yes!!
Thanks! 
TRUTH!!!
You're a Russia hater if you block Trumps agenda? They are just open about the fact they own the GOP now.
Good for you!
@RT_com looks like good company, Morgan Freeman? I get why they don't like you, but Morgan Freeman?
Many of us love and respect you!
So when do you act on the Russian puppet in the White House?
I love you <3
My my what u made up about President Trump b/c ur a sore loser and a disgrace. Can't wait till ur arrested for treason
I'm a democrat and just tonight I was praising you for what you are doing for the American people
Actually you are the #1 lifelong hero and American patriot and we thank you :)

I am kinda jealous!  #IWantToBeThe#1LifelongRussophobe
Amazing how personal defiance towards a countries' best interest =accolade from another's countries best interest #russia #mccain
thx
Senator, I wish trump had 1/4 of your integrity!
So glad you made #1. We need you now more than ever. 
yr real friends(illuminati) are those rewarding u with Cancer
