
White House decision to let Russian photog into Oval Office seen as significant security lapse. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-to-meet-russian-foreign-minister-at-the-white-house-as-moscows-alleged-election-interference-is-back-in-spotlight/2017/05/10/c6717e4c-34f3-11e7-b412-62beef8121f7_story.html?utm_term=.bbb1aa80a652 … https://twitter.com/bartongellman/status/862492872976850946 …
of course it was I hope if 'bugs' were in OFC they belonged to US
You deflect more than you service the sexual assaulting President. Always party over country with you.
Are the resources used for wild bison similar to domesticated cows?
Open it up for hunting...
Oh, like how the BLM addressed the native wild horse population? Disgusting.
And you're fine with the dismantling of the EPA?
We need tax cuts, fix the healthcare, build the wall,  fix the VA, Education, rampant drug use in America, etc. BISON PROBLEM????????????
You are failing in DC with all your GOP chums...why not thin that herd and leave the wildlife mgmt to biologists.#Bison @NRDC @puppymnkey
yes it's good to know u care... really good
U have an incomplete legal process. This never went to the Senate for a complete vote. You can't skip half of the legal process. @KirkNason
Time for u to retire..PAST TIME...NOBODY CARES WHAT U THINK..MAGA
Leave these beautiful animals alone & get to work! We need an independent investigation immediately!
my sincere gratitude for ur NO vote to prevent the roll back on environment!!!
Cool...murder everything in sight
Now what about unmanageable democrats.  Step up and support our @POTUS
When the chips fall YOU @SenJohnMcCain are going to be held accountable for your aid in treason against your country. We're coming for you.

Maybe they can tackle the Senate and House next.
Unmanageable? Maybe they need more room. Do something about that.
Why do the humans have to manage this? More killing?
I'd be more encouraged if they were taking care of the bull shit in the White House.
Thank you for voting to protect the environment
Busy wondering if anyone w/ ethics is going to hold Trump accountable for colluding with Rus. to get rich and win election. Appar. not you.
Could there be some dementia going on? Just askin
What's it take to become a volunteer hunter?
Can you get a leash on your dad, PLEASE??
This is not important right now.  Health Care IS.  Get on it.  Stop being a crybaby liberal.  Prioritize!
Seems like someone's spinning a lot today on Twitter. Wonder why?
That is horrific ! I'm disgusted you support this!
MILLIONS of humans can visit and destroy the land with trampling, litter, pollution, septic/sewer usage, etc.But 1,000 Bison are a problem?
Go away McCain.
While the rest of America is very discouraged you are not moving forward to address unmanageable herd in White House
Thank you Senator McCain for voting down Obama era methane repeal!
How about retiring John
How about plans to address an unmanageable POTUS. Independent investigation needed now
I am going to adopt one of the bison and the bison is going to take your place in the Senate in 2022
Really? Are you asleep at the wheel or do you have a closed head injury. We have a serious problem that requires your attention. Now
Weren't bison there thousands of years before there was an America? And shouldn't you be demanding a special prosecutor in Trump probe?
They should have been moved to SD
Hi, you need to impeach the president. You can use obstruction of justice as the charge if that suits.
"Overpopulation of Bison" couldn't they move some to Yellowstone?
Pres Trump just fired FBI head because he'd asked for more money to investigate Russia's interference in our election - but sure - Bison 
But you don't know why Comey was fired ???
Come ON! Don't you care about our country's sovereignty? FOCUS! #ComeyFiring #Trumprussia
Seriously? How about paying attention to our crumbling democracy? Ethics violations, Russian ties, obstruction of justice. 
Leave the bison alone!!!
John, this is nice but our democracy is under fire by Trump.  Focus
#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate#ShutDownTheSenate
Hey John. Can you get your party to stand up for America and get the Russians out of the White House. Special Prosecutor needed
Independent Prosecutor - That is the issue now to be addressed.  Not a bison herd.
Are you silent about Trump and Russia or is it because you have been brainwashed by Trump?
Have to look at bison herds to feel encouraged?  Truly dark times.
Nobody cares about this. Tell us you will fight Mitch for an independent person to look into Trump and Russia. Get in the game John!!
Senator, with respect, there is no such thing as an "unmanageable herd" of anything
that means WHAT exactly? So far NPS doesn't have great track record! Lose fences, add predators et voila!
U are encouraged when U wake up and can figure out which is your left shoe and which is your right. Now where did you put your feet? Resign
Let me guess: You're happy about 'cause the plan is to shoot some of 'em.
Not humans.  Not missiles or bombs, but still.   (c:
Why don't you do something about the unmanageable bigot herd running rampant in the White House? I can't believe you're tweeting about bison
Boo!
Jesus, John. You are one of the people I am relying on to do something about the, you know, important things
So glad you're focusing on the serious issues plaguing our republic at the moment. Can you tell us about todays deals on Amazon next please?
Please tell me this is your cover story while you work on #trumprussia and #SessionsMustResign   We had GRU media @WH today & no US press
National heroes should move to protect this nation and the constitution from unmanageable red invasion in wdc #Trumprussia
This encourages you? How about allowing natural predators like bears and wolves?
So you are moving on as if our country is not in a CRISIS?  Where is your sworn commitment to our CONSTITUTION?  RUSSIA
Oh PS THE BISON WERE HERE LONG BEFORE YOUR POMPOUS BUTT!
Concerned animal lover here . . . Please elaborate on the plans for the "unmanageable" bison.
Glad you have your priorities in order Johnny. Russians in the White House literally but at least Yosemite is good. Were u once a good man?
Glad to see you've got your priorities straight. I keep thinking "is this all party before country" and it's really hard to answer "no".
...and that is the issue of interest at the moment? #doyourjob
Please Senator. Focus. Russia.
Maybe you'll grow a backbone & call for an independent investigation into #TrumpTheIdiot & Russia.
So let me get this straight GOP President fires Head of FBI investigating him, bashes fellow Senator & Mexico Bans US Press mtg w Russia &U?
What policy do you support that resembles a republican McCAIN? Besides sending young boys and girls to endless wars?
What about the unmanageable Russian spies in the White House?  Can the @NatlParkService help with that also?
What is the Statute of Limitations on Treason? Because I think you are guilty John @SenJohnMcCain
I looked up definition of cranky old man. You were it. And Bitter
Cause what else would you be focusing on right now...
Big fan of the Parks BUT REALLY??Thinking the possibility of a surge of troops used as distraction may concern Sen. Armed Serv Comm Chair.
Yes, because we all know that like bullshit, too much bisonshit shouldn't be tolerated. Speaking of which, DO SOMETHING ABOUT THE BS IN WH
Maybe in this day and age Congress needs to culled?  I think maybe that would  make America great again. #balllessgop #gopcowards
you're a really shitty maverick
What about the unmanageable herd at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave?  What are plans to address it?
Ok that's great. Now, about Russia...
Trump sellout. What's in your browser history?
Hey John thanks for letting us down today with your vote. What a joke. Retire John. We don't want you
Senator where do you stand on Russia/Gate ? Are you with the AMERICAN People in defending our country or not? time to stand up!
Who the fuck cares about Bison right now? Did you lose "Maverick" card in the wash or something? Where's your courage, Senator?!!
Trump stole it and told him to be quite or he's next
You should be saying "Bi Son" to the unmanageable president.
Mr. McCain I am quite sure the @NatlParkService will excuse you from the bison pblm so you can protect USA!!
Better get those .50 cals ready. "Addressing" only means one thing. If only we could have the same folks visit the unmanageable Congress.
How about us investigating the unmanageable Nat Park Service.
Independent. Investigation. Now.
Donald Trump is a thug and a dictator.  Please do what you can to protect our Democracy!
Resign!!
Just when I start to think you're ok, I read this. Horrible! why not come up with some birth control plan, instead of just killing bison?
RUSSIA.
It's their habitat...not ours.  It isn't "unmanageable", it's natural breeding.
THIS is what you're worried about today? Bison?
oh for god's sake, pay attention to DC and the traitor + fraud installed in the White House. Rambunctious bison are less dangerous right now
Seriously, Senator? Bison? I'd focus instead on your colleague from Kentucky and the future of the republic. Putin is laughing at us all.
Focus, Senator, focus. Traitor in the White House.
The traitor left Jan. 20th. Oh,I'm sorry, he's back 2 collect big $$$ for speeches after his loooong vacation. Comm. organizer can't shut up
I think you're mistaken, The unmanageable bison herd is in DC
This, THIS, is what you're tweeting about today?? 

Sir, it's time to be the patriot we all believe you are and DO SOMETHING. NOW.
Are you a true patriot or a trump patsy? History will judge you.  The US citizens will judge you. If trump gets away with this I blame YOU.
Unmanageable!?!?
And exactly what is wrong with nature managing the herd size? All about control isn't it 894/899?
This is what you tweet today? Bison? How about the unmanageable WH? How about the unmanageable McConnell?
What about our unmanageable prez? Who is in charge of reigning in his corruption and idiocy?
Better ecological work could be done by banning fences in all of rural Arizona
Great, what's the plan to address the herd of Russian colluders in the White House, Congress, and Senate?
FOCUS John, our democracy needs u.
Killing Bison - our national mammal - that is what concerns you today? - I'd think it would be the tyrant in the White House. #ImpeachTrump
Actually, megafauna like bison are critical to rehabilitation of the flora to pre-19th century conditions
Wanna focus on that treason at hand, Senator? #Trumprussia
Russia?  Comey?
Glad you care about bison herds, but see if you can prioritize herding fellow Republicans and lead call for Independent Ivestigator #courage
We need you to stand up against this administration in all possible ways.
Right McCain! Stick to things for which you have some knowledge, like Bullshit!
not interested.  what are you doing to ensure that an independent counsel is called to investigate @realDonaldTrump and his administration?
Your Jeff Sessions vote says everything.
Seriously pleases focus elsewhere.  Far weightier matters - Russia investigation, need your attention. Rome is burning.
Totally, this is top of my list of priorities right now too.  #russiagate
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR.
Chatter about you buddy boy...Russia.Comey.Dossier.Sedition.Treason.....sound about right...traitor?
C'mon guys, he needed some good news 
Sen. John McCain of ARIZONA
Nobody cares about the damn bison. Get independence counsel for investigation or GOP will go down faster than healthcare bill
Whole lotta shoes gonna drop off those bison.
Go to Rod Rosenstein's office and slap him upside the head until he appoints a special prosecutor.
There are god damned giggling Russians Cossack dancing in the Oval Office.
And our President has been dipped in orange shellac and pledged allegiance to our mortal adversaries.
What the fuck is the GOP doing about the destruction of our precious republic?  Embracing it?
Is this how Senator McCain ends his storied career, hemming and hawing how to respond; worse: kowtowing to Russians?
Get in front of TV cameras every night and tell people their president is a Russian asset and lay out a plan to remove him.
Leak every dirty detail of 45's collusion with Russia.
Is this a joke?
Stop killing the wolves and let nature take its course.
Day late and a dollar short Senator.
Uh, John. We kind of need you to pay attention to issues that affect the living humans here. HC reform, tax reform, deport illegals.
yes this is clearly the issue that needs your attention right now
Let me guess, they're gonna let your ex-running mate fly around in a helicopter and pick them off?
Just throw the President into the herd to break it up
Okay, but Russia in the White House today tho
What are you going to do about Trump?  You voted to confirm Sessions - it's up to you to get us out of this mess.
He voted to confirm Sessions AND Tillerson.
