Please do not pretend it is primarily  moral concerns that guide US foreign policy, as long as the USA back the Saudi government.
Then maybe you should stop enabling your buddy Trump. He needs to go, he's a danger to this country. I know you are a patriot
Wish my heart could say that but now a days it is questioning ur statement
Standing up for Comey and the environment? GREAT job on the methane bill @SenJohnMcCain . Like when Vasili voted "NO" in the Missile Crisis.
Well you shouldn't have voted to confirm him.
@CNN @MSNBC Love for his country is evident.To vote for someone that doesn't respect,love their country is puzzling.
Moral concerns & human rights must be an essential part of our foreign policy, not a departure from it.

Read more→ http://nyti.ms/2prfGOu  
Then why do you vote with trump every single time? BS.  And how about some moral concern for our domestic human rights, being eroded daily?
Our constitution must be protected and defended, safe from Tyrants and Dictators, within and without!That is the oath you took! #Trumprussia
Yes, but we don't want TERRORISTS !! You have bodyguards and are an #Elitist. You don't live in the REAL world of American citizens. #RINO
You mean, Team America, world police
I too was held captive, w/no human rights for a time. So I believe u when u speak of rights causes, liberty and freedom - it belongs to all
No more foreign aid
Ewe don't borrow money to give to others.
@POTUS Invited RUSSIAN SPIES N2 the 2016 ELECTION. @GOP @Reince COMPLICIT  OBSTRUCTION. This TREASON. #trumprussia #RussiaGOP
Lead the way Senator McCain before Trump finds a way to fire you too.
Vote and represent all Americans by these words.  A sane mind, voice and strong backbone is needed ... investigate !!
Mitch doesn't think America deserves the fairest,most thorough investigation. Does he realize troops die for love of country? "small thing"?
Unless that puts our troops in harms way. Then we need to do whatever it takes to keep our troops safe.
Please make sure that Healthcare Bill dies in the Senate. Congress is incredibly naive if they think insurance co won't screw the patient
Funny, because your foreign policy just seems to get lots of people killed, maimed and/or destitute.
Twisted corrupt old fool, your best friends are some of the worst abusers on the planet.
Do you ever get tired of talking into the void? I mean that sincerely and with all due respect. I don't think they're listening, senator.
I don't he gets his own hypocrisy and complicity. R's should be lecturing anyone on freedom in 2017, or 2007, or 1997, oh u get the idea.
Why aren't there more Republicans and Democrats like you? This country would be better off!
Can we share that with the president?
I liked this piece, but wished you had emphasized the importance of human rights in domestic policy, too. We used to lead by example....
The rule of law is foundational but is daily ignored by the WH.
Thx for this statement. But it should stand on its own, not be qualified by worry about how our nation will be seen in history.
Sen. McCain, thank you for twittering such jokes following your open support of Kievs nazi-terrorists and islamic terror in Syria
The US must stop wasting taxpayer money on nation building. Veterans die (100 more in Calif) waiting 4 care. I'd worry about failed AZ VA.

Citizens voted for Trump... Values? What values? A warrior is someone who has the courage to stand up for what is right and just!
Russia, John.  Russia.  #trumpTreason #GOPLies #PutinsPuppets #AllEnemiesForeignAndDomestic
Thank you for providing selfless leadership where there is nothing but self interest.
Then explain why we are taking liberty away from Syria? You say one thing while doing exact opposite. You're a warmonger.
But your party has no regard for human decency at home. Why do you go along with that?
Just stop. Everyone knows you're all talk and no action.
Whole heartedly agree!!  So what are u going to do about Trump who has no morals or ethics?  Country before party!!!
What a load of crap.
Please take a stand for America and the world. Stop the train wreck in Syria. If we don't help our allies then evil will rule the world.
You predicted a train wreck in Syria and it's happening. Assad killing innocent people, Erdogan killing Kurds & Turkey shooting at US troops
How about our domestic policy first! You sir are losing supporters because you won't stand up to Trump!
@RealLaurieDhue  so that's why obama gave iran all that $$$ bcause their a pillar of human rights! Hahaha
Mr. Secretary are you listening!
You are starting to sound more American! It's never too late.
Eff u snakeayne
Beautifully and powerfully said, Sen McCain, and once more you impress me, a liberal Dem.  Thank you for speaking up.
How can a moral argument be made for other countries innocents when in our country we choose not to protect the most vulnerable i.e. Unborn
the morally bankrupt cannot bring morality to the world. stay home before doing more harm.
We sure could use those values here too.
I agree, but our trickle down political system has the worst presidential leadership ever imagined. If you don't fix this who will? Help pls
Is this a parody account?
"Our values are our strength & greatest treasure." That's what #ValuesandVoices proves. Did you read your letters?
Reading these replies from the lefties. Warmonger McCain has found new friends of convenience.
McCain is a ghoul with blood on his hands, by the gallon. The subhuman should not speak of human rights. Beyond his intellect.
Unless they are coming here to do our country and our citizens harm
While I agree with you, your premise presumes all Americans care about this. #Trump does not; he solely cares 4 himself unlike @BarackObama
I totally agree. Wish we had inspiring tweets like this from our POTUS. Keep up the good work senator.
it's your party (GOP) you can cry if you want to, cry if you want to.
What about the Yemeni civilians, including hundreds of thousands of children, we're helping Saudi Arabia murder? Are they not human to you?
-why Sen Graham more worried about the unmasking than Trump's Admin ties up the Russia??
Nice pretty words - Such a pity you people don't and won't apply them when it counts in USA .. pathetic politics there Senator
When is your wife @cindymccain starting HER job at Trump State Dept?
Yes. But what is moral and humane changes from case to case, and is weighed differently from heart to heart. YK
"but let's keep bombing Yemen into starvation because I never met a war I didn't like" I think you left that part out
Fabulous editorial. I'm really glad you're a senator. Talk some sense into Trump!!!!
Ok good. Now get your ass working on AHCA. This shit should have been ready to go @GOPSenMajority should be a shamed.
Bravo!  You are on target. Just read Sanburg's Lincoln + Ron White's US Grant; POTUS should too. These men truly cared about human rights.
You voted for him
I certainly hope that your thoughts on Human rights carry through to your input and voting as it relates to Healthcare
Thank YOU for standing up for #humanrights--which we have championed as a country up until the #Trump era. History will remember this time!
The Attorney General just threatened Sally Yates via Twitter. Is someone going to do something about this?
Okay. Let's talk about nature and God's creation, shall we.
The Paris Agreement has disappeared from the Department of Energy's climate change page http://buff.ly/2pJUK7F 
Except of course for the "law of the jungle" - Bush's total disregard for #InternationalLaws & our #SignedTreaties
Beautifully written. Perfect article.  Thank you Senator McCain.
Well said @SenJohnMcCain. Now please put your votes where your words are.
Moral concerns & human rights must be an essential part of our DOMESTIC POLICY, not a departure from it. #fixeditforyou #doyourjob
Thank you, Sir. Thank you for being a patriot before anything else
Looks like that isn't even a part of your family's policy. https://twitter.com/Flodbolge/status/861612468342226944 …
Yes very cool, now please... RETIRE! Give us break from your non Trump CRAP!
*YAWN* Wake me up when you actually do something instead of just talking about it
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,US foreign policy always raised voice & concerned against human right violation in world
U didn't care about that during the O admin.
Still a hypocrite!
Then get rid of Trump.
Thank you, Senator.
America without a foreign policy guided by our ideals just isn't America.
How does your philosophy square with your actions toward undocumented workers living and working peacefully in US?
Jezzzz, you don't give up. The hypocrisy of your statements is mind blowing. How can you even fantasize about having moral high ground?
#moral concerns?#TrumpRussiaCollusion? Multiple #ethics violations? #POTUS lies everyday?#Kushner (s) selling visas to Chinese investors?
If you believe in what you say, your votes should reflect that. But instead they prop up Trump's kleptocracy.
So what are you going to do about it? When are you going to supply some leadership?
Speaking of moral concern! Do you have any? If so then why you bombing Syria and Yemen!
If you were concerned about human rights, you'd stop taking money from Saudi Arabia.
How about those should also be part of our healthcare system Senator. How about that over profits for you and your friends?
You're right, you and @SenSanders both champion #Humanrights in your campaigns. #McCainSanders2020 let the old guys turn this country around
Agreed. Hope about health care for us too.
#buildthewall
Get trump out of office. You can see and feel the destruction he is causing to our nation & world
Thank you for your important and inspirational message in The NY Times, today. I consider it a MUST READ for all Americans. Thank u sir!
Moral concerns and human rights - Action is more important than words show us - stand up against treason. Don't be complicit with congress.
Moral objection without any action of morality or objection is vanity.
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=T_cfJIXEbMQ …
Correct therfore you should stop arming terrorists and advocating for endless wars.

Also first consideration in DOMESTIC  policy. Act Right
But you basically support a President who doesn't agree w your article! Thx for trying ...
You are a courageous American hero. It's your duty to do all you can to see Trump removed from office. He is a danger to our republic.
I used to have respect for you despite political differences. Not anymore, you sir have sold US. Vote for #moralcorrectness
My only question- how do we reconcile our personal morality against zealously furthering US national security interests? Not always synced.
Good luck. November 2018
Honoring alliances = key component of standing for morality. We can't continue on this path:
Trump was angry because McMaster told the South Koreans that the US would honor a pre-existing deal, not renege as Trump had threatened 4/28 https://twitter.com/joshrogin/status/861621352326889476 …

"Trump screamed @ McMaster on a phone call, accusing him of undercutting efforts to get S Korea  to pay fair share." https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-05-08/washington-loves-general-mcmaster-but-trump-doesn-t …
Absolutely, but please don't forget about the human rights of citizens of US who are about to lose health coverage? Fix and stabilize ACA!
John God Bless you & your family & your courageous service/sacrifice to our country-wish human rights were important in Islamic nations @VP
Like this guy you support John?
that it is unable to foster it very effectively.  Nonwhites have not proven their ability to sustain liberty.
The philosophy of liberty was invented by white people, no other race can lay claim to its creation, and so far the third world has shown
Ya! And ignore the human rights of US veterans and homeless. Ya spend our money over there instead of here.
We may not agree now with how the founders treated those distinctions, but they knew races were different.  Not everyone is the same.
No this is wrong.  The founders recognized racial distinctions and even wrote them into the constitution.  Sorry, but completely wrong.
You are my favorite Republican ever
Sir you are a bit of a Hawk for my taste. But u r the only Republican with balls to stand up to Trump. Keep it up!! Thanks
When you start voting "no" instead of pontificating you'll have moral authority
What are you going to do about the collusion MESS and appointing an independent prosecutor!  Or are you going to do party before the people.
Will you retire already!
Please go away the world is tired of fake  US moral concerns and human rights.
????? then quit supporting and voting for them
You are a true statesman and I can only imagine how different our world would be were you to have been POTUS on 11Sep01 Thanks for all u do!
Seriously? Coming from you, McCain, who greedily takes  from Saudia Arabia -- country with one of the worst human rights records on planet!
What a crock
Where was your morality when you stopped the search for the missing POWs at the wars end
At what point has Trump admin ever been moral? Started campaign calling Mexicans rapists, went downhill from there. You supported anyway.
Maverick McCain would have fought Trump during campaign. You capitulated. Resurrect maverick and take action. Platitudes are hollow.
so sad how many times you helped me out in AZ needs now you just want to sit back and line your pockets if you done step down with honor
yea and you support a Dictator president and what he is doing to our country he could not even call France to congratulate them
Good Op Ed in the NYT. TIllerson is a small part of a bigger problem of an administration that is clueless.
Mr McCain. U seem to be filled with pride & envy regarding the presidency. Please pray & forgive those you are bitter towards. God forgives!
all talk! No action John McCain American hero
how about here at home. Not seeing much of that here. What is your definition of moral?
Remember the watergate coverup? Are you willing to go to jail to keep R's in power? Americans will remember your inaction. #Trumprussia
Given the choice between saving a life and saving a $, McCain would save the life and Trump would save the $. That's what's wrong.
You really think you will find enough snowflakes to fight in all the wars you want? Get a grip. You are delirious
We all saw Tillerson's position on Russia -- and human rights -- from our house.   Why, then, did you vote to approve him?
Glad to have voted for you in AZ! Our greatest strength has always been our values. We lift up our values and we lift the world!
Its morally reprehensible that R's, including YOU, are supporting a traitor in the WH by not calling 4 independent investigation. Complicit!
well I think TRUMP has a very different view than most people @MSNBC
too bad you don't extend the same care to the US citizens. what you Rs are doing to healthcare is criminal.
so why are you,  @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr not taking action against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and his policies?
God Bless you Sir this is so so True
National security, safety, and maintaining our constitutional rights that foreigners want to take away from us must be an essential part too
McCain pushes for interference all over the world that results in humanitarian crisis among other things. Then cries human rights #hypocrisy
Seriously tho you are all talk and rhetoric. You have not once backed up what you preach. Just tell it like it is: Party over country.
You're useless.
Try calling for an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia over the war in Yemen and you might not seeem so phony
Your wife getting an important job in the government seems to be essential part of your foreign policy...no talk of Russia lately....hmmmm
So you're arguing that we should stop bombing civilians, funding terrorists, and rejecting refugees then, yes?
This drivel will only work with your right wing evangelical hee haws.
Yet you stand with Trump whenever it counts. Who stands with Putin and Dutuerte, among others. You stand with the villains on this issue.
Wrong. You're weak.
Well Sir!You may shove that quote up into your arse. Your support for terrorists are well known; your actions speak louder than your words
Love Trump 3 years and 8.5 months at least!!!
Thatsall and well but when the imagrents start demanding everyone think their way and tax our welfate system.  Want no go zones hats to far
What the hell would a member of the GOP know about moral concerns? Your only concern is self-enrichment.
Agreed. Why did you vote to confirm all of Trump's foreign policy involved cabinet members & enable him to run roughshod over human rights?
You and your @GOP have lost all the moral high ground and should maybe just not talk about it anymore. No one believes you
how about making human rights a part of domestic policy and making sure all Americans have healthcare!
McCain, can you just work at your core job, in Congress to just help the common people to have better quality of lives? No more talk shows
Then stand up and for once put your vote where your voice is! Stop voting party over country. Or does that wreak Cindy's chances?
Too bad @potus is on the path to ignore this statement. He wants to destroy all that is good in the USA with his bigotry.
Less talk more action. You sold out.
