Sir, it's mental care services that are most valuable. Simply holding away drugs won't stop a suicidal vet from taking his life anyway. :(
It will have the opposite effect. The government now wants to tell doctors how to treat patients. @SenJohnMcCain can't fix AZ VA Sad Joke
Legalize Marijuana
If U care about America U'll stop this push of #TrumpCare before a CBO score. Trump just wants to check off campaign promise. ppl wil suffer
sick of you McCain you are no republican, retire, or change parties.
Retire McCain retire
Medical marijuana is a great way to provide safer and better relief for them.  Plus earn tax revenue
It would help if they could find a job
I have a great job thanks
That should be up to the doc not the goverment
I can't get any opoids from va for LONG TIME chronic pain from rappel tower fall. Va won't prescribe cuz I use med marijuana. Suffer daily!
In addition,mandatory programs for patients while under prescription opiods w/counseling, blood tests, support groups & follow up testing!
Create secure national record of opioid sripts so MDs can access/identify possible abusers. Ramp up investigations of MD overprescribers.
Will you vote for Trumpcare so Vets won't be able to afford the care theyneed/earned/deserve??
How about the Poppy fields in Afghanistan Mr McCain? I think you know what that is all about!
Thank you for your hard work @SenJohnMcCain and this problem must be solved with systemic reform and honoring those who serve.
You've saved a lot of vets in AZ making it impossible for them to get medical attention. Now You've probably just upped the suicide rate.
Sir.  My veteran medically retired wife takes opioids 4 her device related injury. She needs to be on cannabis!  Make it medically legal now
Or stop trafficking heroine in from Afghanistan
Please help refugees trapped in limbo. We have hope in U.S. homeland of #Refugees, the greatest & the most powerful.
45-days of hunger strike at @UNHCRGreece office. The Organization is not responding. EU is even killing admitted #Refugees. @cochetel @hrw 
Bipartisan is the key to how our gov should be ran
Yes !Yes to protecting the men and women who sacrifice it all for us. And, yes to protecting the wellness rights of all of us, or no point?
Good Act to help our Vets, John
I would bet you've had your own battles with opioids! You need to step down or step way from the Republican Party.
Physicians who are over prescribing need to be held responsible. Pharmacy records need to be edited for review.
Sure lets take away an option for those mangled and delimbed. Overdose numbers are BS due to a lazy coroner system we have in this country.
Thank you, it has been needed for a while!
We seem to be very concerned with this in Afghanistan The opium fields
True!
Know what might also help? Allowing them to keep mental health coverage. How about pre-existing conditions as vets can have gaps in coverage
Legalize Medical Marijuana for Veterans.
If you want to learn more about medical cannabis check out this free guide http://www.dr.tl/waterintoweed 
So U want to tell Americans what meds the can/should have, U want to control women's healthcare, but U won't support ACA.  Hypocrite!
When the GOP prices Americans out of basic healthcare where will you be standing?
Start a bill to allow veterans to b able 2 use pot. If you take away our opioids, the suicide rate will quadruple!! I'm sure u take them.
AHCA's not a football game, Republican win, Democrats lose. The field is big, takes up 50 states. And the players are 318 million Americans.
Does your 92-year-old aunt in a nursing have to die before she reaches her lifetime dollar limits? What additional premium to live longer?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain !  This is the primary root cause of the beginning of drug addiction.
Bring them home..stop the endless wars..do whatever we have to to take care of them..we are not safer..nothing but heartache
You could fix the #VAChoice program too!
But does it offer valid alternatives? I'd say you intend it but your Party are not the most moral or conscious politicians.
@KatTimpf what most of us having been asking for since Nov 8 is the respect that should be shown to the office of the President that's all!
@KatTimpf you can't get why people would want #firecorbert after his joke about @POTUS shows you are out of touch with a lot of us
Agreed. And to all, not just to Vets. YK
I just need to say it again @cbs needs to #FireColbert it's time to pressure his sponsors like they did to Bill O'Riley time for him to go!
Any chance you could just improve their heath benefits
That would address all not just 1's with bad outcomes. All Vets matter
@trish_regan @MariaBartiromo @LouDobbs @POTUS John McCain a true friend of other Veterans.
Please, please tell @LindseyGrahamSC the Trump Punch not worth drinking. Seems he doesn't have same concerns. Are there bad pictures?
Do we really want bureaucrats tell Doctors how to do there jobs because that is what this is & it's scary & with no proof it will help
Congrats on this one. This is definitely needed.
Yes, opiods r bad. But suicide rate has way more to do than that. Address the problem not the reaction or usage to deal w/ these problems
Excellent work. We must look after our Veterans & help them transition from life in the forces to life on CivvyStreet. Keep up the good work
Thank you Senator....
ONE size fits all mentality! It's NOT how to treat patients in REAL PAIN! You'll see what I'm talking about soon as you open your eyes!
You've done less for vets than anyone else ever
Perhaps spend more money on trying to end wars before they begin would be a god step to take better care of veterans. Stay out of Mid.east
We should stop this nationwide. For vets and citizens. Big Pharm is poisoning our country.
