Learn??? Seriously??? The armed Forces need to be retraining these men and women to be responsible!!#shameonourcommandees
What did we learn from the Forrestal? Don't let someone who graduates 894/899 from Naval Academy fly jets. RETIRE Brutus
No shit mcpain. Hey anyone see that other ship 1' away?!? No, were too busy wondering why mcpain calls himself a R when he acts like a lib
Senator, are you really going to vote for Graham-Cassidy and take away healthcare for nearly 50,000 Arizona vets who rely on Medicaid?
But do they have good #Healthcare ? Vote NO on #CassidyGraham bill.
Please vote to dismantle obamacare asap.
You refusing to repeal Obamacare is really what is unacceptable.
Now can you please do the same for health care?
Return to regular order in Congress. Stop putting party over what is right with health care!!
Don't ruin your legacy by voting on this bill that will devastate our health care ESP since GOP is highjacking regular order!!!!
AND PLEASE THUMBS UP ON THE NEW HEALTH BILL THIS TIME!
You don't even live in Arizona.  Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  Fix the ACA.
GPS jamming and spoofing?
Prayed you would vote No and God answered! Don't let millions die from lack of healthcare.  NO on Graham Cassidy!!!
Accidents happen, sometimes avoidable, sometimes not.  ALL Americans need and deserve insurance.  Keep being the HERO.  Do not repeal ACA
How ya doin with the VA Senator ? You've been in Senate for 30 years? How've you looked after our Veterans?
What have you learned from the REGULAR ORDER on this new bill? Your speech was bullshit.
Fix them and Obama care too. You gave your word. I am praying that you come to your senses.
I was so proud of you for standing up to trump's bully tactics. Please don't be a coward now!  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Is that why the rumors have you harming AMERICANS John, WTF?! You fight in the same blood,same mud and you'll do this?!God won't like this.
You had enough needless accidents yourself John....good thing your important daddy looked after you!!
& You need to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
You remember what happened on your ship.. 133 dead sailors
Amazing, it speaks volumes when liberals refer to @SenJohnMcCain as one of their own. 
@POTUS @GOP
What about the accident you caused!
Agree,  but the newest, cruel version of Trumpcare will cause many, many more people to lose their lives.  Please, vote NO
Please vote no on Graham- Cassidy. Pre-existing conditions not covered. Lifetime caps could mean a baby with heart condition hits cap by 1.
Agreed. So are needless lives wasted with this so-called "healthcare bill". There is no health in that bill. Please keep your promise.
@SenJohnMcCain as a Navy mom I am very worried about these "accidents." Are we investigating any link to Russia's GPS spoofing capability?
This coming from the guy that killed 133 sailors and soldiers.
the GrahamCassidy bill will create a greater loss of life 

please vote no!!   I wont be able to afford the subsidies outlined

I will die
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy
So FIX them.
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Why do we have to beg you every few months to vote against murdering us? Your words last time will be lies if you vote yes this time. Honor.
Vote no on graham Cassidy disaster!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
You learnt from yours?
Please consider the lives you hold in your hands with the healthcare vote. I've been fighting S4 metastatic cancer for 9 years & pray 4 more
PLEASE DO THE RIGHT THING REGARDING HEALTHCARE, SENATOR.
HOW ABOUT THE 137 SAILORS WHO DIES BECAUSE OF YOUR WET START EGO EVENT? HMM? WHAT SAY YOU SONGBIRD!
But you support the Graham-cassidy bill?  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1350374981739089&id=250156355094296 …
No 2on-the-job training when it comes 2our military. Need to start fully prepared. Stop "cost savings" virtual training.
36 MM w/o insurance and if they get cancer like you, they will die. But not you. We pay for your ins & your worth  over 100mm. Shame on you.
Please save the ACA.   Innocent children, elderly and poorer people will suffer.  There has to be a better way than Graham/Cassidy. Please!
You are right, if care so much about vets, then why would you take away needed healthcare to vets!
Maybe there needs to be #AttenuationToDetail
Such a remarkable statement from behind your congressional safe chair
Senator, I beg you to stop the latest Trumpcare Scare - you may be the last Brave & Caring Senator in Republican Party! Please save us again
With all due respect for those Navy lives Mr. McCain, #grahamcassidy would give a similar result. Needless loss of life.
OBAMA care is failing. Vote with the repubs, not dems. Get rid of sweet illegal deal Obama gave you and your staff.
Please don't vote to kill us @SenJohnMcCain
Sir, please. Do you read these? So many people are imploring you to vote no. Save our healthcare.
Poor training, not military budget that caused these tragedies. U know that, Sen.Warmonger.
Call 4 regular order & committee's on HC. And put all of Congress on the same plan! Not gov't pd ins, which is Medicaid!
Than the the bill you voted against this summer. You're a great man, show us you're on the right side of this issue. We ask for a NO vote.
#NoDeathcare VOTE NO!
We should be talking about this, not sentencing people with cancer to death with that awful bill.
SENAT WE MUST LEARN FROM ALL TRAGEDY! WE MUST LEARN TO REALLY SEE THRUTH !SOMETIMES THINGS ARE NOT AS THEY SEEM !GOD ALWAYS SHOWS TRUE LIGHT
.more training longer training continued training vote No on healthcare bill
You will be responsible for ruining our health care system with socialized medicine.  Is that what you want YOUR LEGACY TO BE?
Senator, the American people ask you once again to do what's right & vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill.  It's no better & in some cases, worse
Naval accidents kill dozens. You are about to kill millions with #GrahamCassidy now. Please stop this atrocity. #howdoyousleepatnight
Removing healthcare will cause needless loss of life too. Please don't do it.
Send Troop ships to St Croix before it is too late!
How about the loss of life due to the #GrahamCassidyBill VOTE NO!!!
Please don't vote with #GrahamCassidyBill ..vote no ..don't turn your back on #Americans ..compassion please
Accidents in the US as well, and then ceased. I kept moving east..
Or, in your case because of family name boy talk about white privilege.
You must vote against the republican healthcare bill if you care about Americans.  Vote NO to protect the most vulnerable.
Well, they got you out of there. So that cut accidents by half.. Maybe if we weren't so interested in placing people in jobs bcoz of sex
Just like loss of life d/t lack of insurance is unacceptable.  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Please please save healthcare.  Please save lives.
Sen McCain, repeal Obama care. If you vote NO on the repeal, you had lied and dishonored your campaign pledge & remembered as a liar.
Resign
How does Trump threaten N.Korea and Iran when we can't even operate our ships in peacetime?
I hear @SenAlexander is working on a bipartisan fix for current law.  As opposed to partisanship, which you hate, work instead with him.
Let's save more people lives now
I so agree, senator.
What about the lives of Americans w #healthcare ? Talk about needless loss of life.#Killthebill. What's your legacy Sen.McCain?
Please save us from #GrahamCassidyBill
PLEASE VOTE AGAINDT REPEAL & REPLACE!!  PLEASE!!
Please vote NO on the devastating Graham-Cassidy bill. A sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order.
CASSIDY-GRAHAM healthcare bill will cause needless loss of life too. Acceptable? Most cannot handle $140,000 surcharge for cancer. Lucky you
Gee, ya think John? You're worth every penny.
NO on Graham-Cassidy.  Worse than the last bill you voted no one.  Vote NO
Think again! All he wants to do is stick it to POTUS! HE'S A  LOSER! U DO NOT HAVE THAT CRAP O-CARE....THAT WE THE PPL HAVE TO HAVE!
Don't give away my healthcare. I don't want to die so money can be funneled elsewhere. @SenJohnMcCain can remain the voice of reason. Please
New Trumpcare will also cause senseless loss of life. Stay the hero vote No on Cassidy-Graham!
Yes Sir, WE must! Please let's also do the very same 4 the people. Please vote NO on ACA repeal. Let's be the force 2 LEARN, Fight, & FIX!
Yet in 2016 14,990 rapes reported & you enable military rapist with $84 million in viagra. Military is supposed to protect innocent & weak.
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy, sir.
You should know! You caused the deaths of 137 sailors on an aircraft carrier when u showed off a screwed up landing.
So no tweet about how you want to strip healthcare from millions of Americans?
#AreYouAPreExistingCondition many of us are. If it is not covered under this #Trumpcare plan, please #VoteNo
How are you voting on healthcare? Will you and @JeffFlake ignore the wishes of your constituents, again? Do the right thing. Vote no.
...yet the senate is ready to vote to kill healthcare for us lowly peons. Have you been humbled by your recent woes, or are you still eager?

Listening to the hearing, not one question on the growth of missions & training.  "Funding balance for asset allocations is out of whack".
You have had oversight on this for how long?
Please vote NO.
you are irrelevant:  resign so you do not create more damage to america
Please vote no
We need health care as much as u do
Just think of the others with cancer that will not be able to afford treatment &will die

But let's not understand root cause or hold anyone accountable. I'm sure more inflated defense spending will help...
No shit.
McCain acting like a baby. McCain Holds Out as GOP Wages Last Push to Repeal Obamacare http://www.newsmax.com/Newsfront/john-mccain-holds-out-GOP-wages/2017/09/19/id/814362/ … #Newsmax via @Newsmax_Media
Really John! The prez just gave an epic speech at the UN and this is your topic?
Yes, preventing naval accidents is a no-brainer. But what about your position on #GrahamCassidy?  Please do the right thing!
you're  a traitor to the republican party. and a damned OLD one also. retire so we don't have to see you or hear you anymore. nobody cares
They occurred under your watch. Like the Phoenix Veterans Hospital let people die, also under your watch and in your backyard. U go to Mayo
Agreed. Please also save health care.
You know what else is a needless loss of life? The passage of Graham Cassidy. Stand up for what's right and vote NO
how about that speech, that's a president
Vote NO! I have so much respect for you that could disappear with one vote.
No duh! #retire already. America is sick of hearing anything you have to say.
It's to late for you McCain
Did you
Thank you Senator - Wishing you the very best in your continued fight with cancer - This former Cancer Survivor is praying for you 
Vote no on the health care. Not a single working class family will ever survive a cancer diagnosis. Death to teachers, police,nurse fire,etc
Still no middle class(now minority in 46 states) agenda from establishment Republican McCain. Always military and war
Needless loss of life due to lack of health insurance is unacceptable. We need to learn & FIX this. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
Please don't agree to this health plan my family's life depends on it
The grahamcassidy bill will do far more damage to Americans then funding the ACA
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
What are we going to learn about you Senator? Are we to learn that you care about Americans or that you only care about the GOP? VOTE NO!
Better training
Amen!! We must also 25th Amend POTUS and not pass upcoming healthbill.  Hope you are feeling well Senator.
Also unacceptable is needless loss of life because of lack of affordable healthcare,  if Graham-Cassidy is passed.  #ACA #CountryOverParty
Legislation...and then you vote in favor of this attempt your words and the values you've exhibited are rendered mute. Respectfully
I am 71 year old female Minister's Widow who served in Korea. Plz not Korea again! I am still fighting for VA benefits. Now this Graham???
Same thing will happen with health care. People diagnosed with cancer will die. Please vote against. Know how lucky you are
Please support American's and their need for healthcare. The majority have preexisting conditions and don't want affordable healthcare gone!
Nation will say same of your "dear friend" Graham's treacherous healthcare-it will affect Veterans. YOUR Party has few Patriots of Nation.
I genuinely respect you and the ideas you stand for, but when you claim that the senate needs to return to regular order in order to enact..
How about needless loss of life because of the ACA appeal, @SenJohnMcCain? Vote no.
Fix the ACA! How many Arizonans rely on Medicaid? How many have preexisting conditions?
Focus on training war tactics mission readiness and not social experimentation transgender acceptance
Graham-Cassidy will also create needless loss of life. All for a tax cut. Is that really what you want your legacy to be?
The needless loss of lif if you vote ues will be greater.  My dad was a Naval Officer-  I stand for him and ask you to vote NO.
People losing healthcare will cause needless loss of life as well. #voteno
Are these accidents or is there a foul play. Senate must investigate this very thoroughly.
Please don't quit on us now. Do not vote to repeal ACA. Please do the right thing.
You killed more with one pull of the trigger on a carrier in Vietnam...is that the day Satan took your soul?
What about the loss of life from lack of healthcare?
Sir, how are you a "yes" on the latest repeal/replace bill when it would adversely affect so many veterans?
Sir...if you vote in favor of this new attempt to repeal ACA, your words and the speech you made on the floor of the senate meant nothing.
Let's make sure hackers are not part of the problem Senator.
Putting Americans through this Repeal and Replace BS is horrifying. I cannot believe we are at this point again. Shameful
How about you start with thumbing down  the #GrahamCassidyBill .
OFFICIALLY ZERO BIPARTISANSHIP
@Lawrence Breaking News: McConnell has cancelled hearings on Lamar Alexander/Patty to force Senators to vote on #GrahamCassidyBill
"Fix em?"  How?  Better, stronger military?  Actually what is happening.  Obama hold overs?
Yes sir you're right, but you should've been watching @realDonaldTrump embarrassing speech! It's time to get him out & You can start it!
IT'S OFFICIAL. ZERO BIPARTISANSHIP. Are you going to vote based on your previous statement or are you going to violate your own pledge?
On this we agree - taking HC away from children/elderly/disabled ... not do much
Do you consider Graham/Cassidy a NEEDED loss of life? If not; why are you supporting it?
and you need to vote NO on the ACA repeal!
Makes no difference anymore...Trump is destroying the earth.
Do something fix something.  Retire would also be acceptable
PLEASE #VoteNOGrahamCassidy. My stress level can't take another attack on ACA & medicare caring 4 2 elderly ill parents. #GOPisHeartless!!
What about needless loss of life from lack of healthcare?  Why accept loss of life b/c PED, poor,or elderly?  Inconsistent message
Like the tragedy of people with cancer not being able to afford insurance & having to die because they can't get care?  Like that?
PLEASE don't take our care sir....it's ur legacy. I implore u!!!
And while we are at it let's properly fix this health system. It will be here long after Trump is gone #dotherightthing
Sailors in some cases have been working over 100 hours per week. We are removing some from their duties. Are we recognizing the heroics?
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy to ensure health care for all
And vote NO on repeal.
Please vote no on the Graham-Cassidy act. Imagine being diagnosed w cancer not having money to pay for care & losing all assets to treat it.
Needless loss of life because of #Trumpcare? Should we address that too?
Come on, Senator McCain, don't fold under Cassidy-Graham.  You're too good for that.  VOTE NO.
I tried calling this morning, his mailbox is full.
I would keep sending Senator McCain tweets if his mailbox is full.  Thank you for doing your part to save the #ACA.
I have been. Senator Flake too.
Thank you.
You're welcome. I'm disabled and have a congenital heart defect. Open heart surgery next month. I NEED my healthcare!
America needs to do better for her citizens.  We will continue to fight for you and everyone in this country.
Thank you @Don59029530La  <3
If you truly care about Veterans you won't vote for #GrahamCassidy.
I hope I am wrong but I have a feeling Putin has a hand in this and the hearing loss in Cuba plus tampering with elections.
Well, John, what needs to be done is to get rid of all the SAPR and sensitivity training and get back to training Mean Warriors!
And save ACA
U think naval alert systems were hacked? Cheapest method of warfare (& election fixing). 8 of Trumps CyberSecurity Council resigned. Fixit!
Aye - I met one of your old shipmates at a VA in Des Moines. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1967_USS_Forrestal_fire …
Are you going to turn your back on millions of vulnerable Americans and vote for #GrahamCassidy or will you show compassion?
