Both of you are heros!!!
Good men!
Correction sir, two heroes.
Greeting to both gents from Bosnia.
God bless you both
Kemal Z.
If you are a trump supporting republican, you are not an American
Sweet picture
#patriots
Beautiful photo of two true American heroes. Get well Senator McCain.
@FoxNews HAPPY BIRTHDAY Senator Dole. You're in my top 10 list too.
You would know @SenJohnMcCain Happy Belated Birthday @SenatorDole
We should protect CIA and defend Free World,NATO and Israel.Trump terminated special operation of CIA without consent of Senates.Putin did!!
We should protect CIA&defend Free World,NATO&Israel.Trump terminated special operation of CIA in Syria without consent of Senates.Putin did!
you think dole is a hero. More evidence you have lost your mind. Resign
Happy Birthday
Nice pic.
I long for this caliber of men and women serving America!
You both are the solid steel strength of this country, and your courage under fire continues to move and impress us
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain. Hope to see you soon.
how in the world can you explain as to why you should both be considered heros?
From outside the USA  this is laughable .
Another true hero.
I miss you Dole Bob Dole would not have been a yes man
God Bless YOU Senator McCain.  Our fathers were friends in London '64-67!!  Praying for you and your family!!
these bad mannered creeps attack women because they look different than Republican men.
Yeah! Bob Dole is a veteran. I wish him many happy returns too. To you John McCain, I wish you a speed recovery from that ailment.
The future of the Republican Party.
Two more establishment toads,both are worthless.
both are heroes
2 great people
Day is done, hope you had a nice birthday. I think you will never know me but I will remember you for your good work. It is nice to be none.
Best wishes to both of you
Get Well Senator McCain and Happy Birthday Senator Dole. Thank you both for your service. May not agree with you politically, but Proud!
Have you at long last, No Decency Sir? Call trump a TRAITOR! Call Republicare the death panel it is! History will judge you on THESE ISSUES!
Nice! Can you enjoy a cordial yet! If not send me a receipt and I'll by the first one! .... On a Friendly Dem
@shar76 What a different time when Sen. Dole was in Congress. Still fighting but nothing like now. Also, our Presidents weren't like Trump.
Coming from you? He must be right up there with Dick Cheney.
Today's paper calls you a fighter. Last thing you fought for was Immigration Reform. You went back to being a RUBBER STAMPING Republicoward!
Happy birthday Senator Dole!
Now or NEVER sir! Will you go down in history as a HERO, or a coward, afraid to call our fascist pedophile POTUS out for the TRAITOR he is??
Sorry about your diagnosis, Senator! NOW will you insure your place in history as a Country B4 Party HERO? Or as a COWARD afraid of tRump?
Bob Dole (R) and Birch Bayh (D) fuel innovation and jobs to this day via their bipartisan 1980 legislation. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayh%E2%80%93Dole_Act …
I thank God everyday he did not become president.
Two great Americans. We need more people like these men.
Bob Dole is a statesman who was brushed off by Trump & honored by Obama at Jan Inauguration. A pig took over & we all must unite to save Am.
VID Trump Obama—inaugural
NBC Todd—Trump did same thing, both of them giving Doles a lot of time. LIE
NBC Holt—sigh
Dear Sen. McCain, you are a true hero. Don't doubt that for a minute. I send to you Sir, my deepest wishes for a quick recovery. #DumpTrump
Have a little chocolate drink with your birthday cake and you're sure to realize the future birthdays will bring more of that prosperity!
Yes, a Hero!  You have long been an inspiration and remarkable public servant, Mr. DOLE. Have a wonderful birthday! I've grown up under you.
May God continue to bless, your body , mind and soul.
I Appreciate all you did for us, didn't always agree, but both of you did a good job, Thanks!
Obama never gave y the chance to be President.Tic Tac
These two have sacrificed more than any haters. Honor always rises above dishonor.Their place in the pantheon of American heroes is secure.
Happy Birthday to our Maverick and War Heroe. God bless you, Sir.
Happy Birthday Senator Dole
These are two tough sons of bitches. I don't agree with often but can respect non the less
Missed @SenatorDole as majority leader! He & I became friendly & we both grieved when Dr Halverson left the US SEn as chaplain. ! u, Bob!
It takes one to know one. Two amazing warriors who have served their country well; happy birthday to Bob Dole, good health to you, John.
Happy Birthday
Where have all the real men home watch hack saw ridge those were real men
Even though I think you're more democrat than republican, I pray for a speedy recovery. Godspeed Senator
I wore your father's POW bracelet at age 18, God Bless You, John and Your Family - Always!
I see 2 American heroes in that picture.
Looking good Mr Dole!
@jmartNYT @SenatorDole I see 2 national treasures.
Mr.McCain. you sir are a true american hero also. We thank you and wish you the best. We really need more people like u ..country over party
I dont like all your hetzt agains russia, but get well.

Russian press is rejoicing that due to lobbying by the White House, US oil & gas companies, the new sanctions against Russia were softened. 
A couple of American hero's who actually served.
Godspeed in your recovery Senator McCain. So you can look as good as Senator Dole. Beautiful photo.
john .a friendly advice about your health proplem..tomorow go in elder Ephraim in Arizona.

Hi
Mr. McCain, I'm sure you'll get your health soon.
Because you have a strong will.
My prayer is with you
I also have cancer
good luck
Two great Americans.  Thank you both for your lifetimes of devoted public service!
Both of you are American heroes and we desperately need more of you in this sad age of polarized politics. Best to both of you!
@SenJohnMcCain I'm praying for you.  I lost my Mom to this in 1992. They've came a long way on research since then.
McCain will surprise everyone and vote for the BCRA within days.
Watch BCRA be voted on
Wishing you all the best Senator  and American hero be well
Aloha, Senator Dole and Senator McCain: You are both true American heroes. Mahalo for your service to our country.
True gentleman and great examples of American political maturity and principle. HBD Sen Dole!
Correction: I believe there are TWO true American heroes!!  Best wishes to you both and a speedy recovery for you, Sen.McCain!!
Senator McCain, Our country needs you. We know you won't give up. Prayers coming your way. And a very Happy Birthday to Senator Dole.
You are both , losers , could not make it to the Oval Office .
Happy Birthday!
Geez, I was hoping McCain had died. He's still alive??
As you are my friend@SenJohnMcCain
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/888965704854024192 …
Wishing for at least 30 more birthdays for both of you!
You guys are inspiring. Thank you for all your military and public service to our country.
Ear Senators help Poland to save democracy, we have to get our judicial system free from communist opression
When a hero tells you you are a hero, your definitely a hero.
McCain,after being released from captivity to the plane,went on his own two,and on receipt of the award to Nixon went on crutches.Good actor
@jmartNYT @SenatorDole Bob Dole has a wonderful sense of humor.
These men are heroic patriots. We all owe them our everlasting gratitude for their personal sacrifice and public service
Bob Dole knows Birthdays! Happy B'Day, sir!
YK
Hope you're feeling well Senator McCain. Take care.
I hate the fact that they are aging. Where are our young(er) political heroes?
You two can lead the Republican party back to normalcy.  Dump Trump and make America great again.
This photo reminds me of when I didn't like republicans because of policy, not because the party went insane.
We want to wish you many happy returns.

Two American heroes! Thank you both for your lifelong service.
Not sure if your being modest our not... but I see two heros in this picture
Oh man, tbt when the opposition was respectable.
May God bless you both, Senators! And Happy Birthday, Senator Dole.
happy birthday @SenatorDole!
@CNN @SenateDems Is U.S. National Security Safe w/Russia & China now Comprimising @POTUS @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP ? Can They Invade America?
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole.A handsome picture of 2 American heroes, proud Veterans & great public servants. Thank you both. 
You both are, thank you for being the courageous men you are
What happened to your party?
Happy BIrthday Sen Dole (should presidents, vice-presidents, and US AGs lie as much as our current ones?
John. God loves you. Repent from your sins and ask God to come into your heart.
Senator John McCain, you are also one of true heroes of the USA.
Two honorable men! Happy birthday Senator Dole!
#FakeNews
The American heroes whose service to this country is a model for all to emulate. Thank you.
Another great man
Sir U are a hero. I respectfully disagree with Senator Dole he is the original obstructionist Republican, starting with Clinton in 93
Happy BD @SenatorDole!  Enjoy your day & your visit w @SenJohnMcCain
Good to see two gentlemen. Happy birthday, Senator!
God bless you.... and the millions of Americans you are taking health care from
I voted for both of you.
Feel better soon. You are the voice for the people!!!
2 great America's thank you for your service n god bless you both
Dole is a true American Hero. U on the other hand "Songbird" r a Traitor n a disgrace to this country
Happy birthday, may God bless you both.
Thank god you two didn't get your insurance dropped for preexisting conditions. It's a shame neither of you believe we deserve the same. 
Are either of you concerned that Trump will pardon himself and stay in office?
Nope you are both rinos
Don't you dare step down!
Happy birthday, Senator Dole! When my husband became part of 10th Mountain, iit was an honor to serve in the same division as you.
TWO American heroes. Your dads are smiling.
Class act!
Prayers up!
Two American heroes. What are you two rascals up to? Vietnam and WWII veterans.
happy birthday Bob! John get well
that makes 2 in one photo-immense patriotism and longevity of amazing purpose driven lives!!! @POTUS @VP @SenateMajLdr
And all the best to you.
Two great Americans. Thanks
What will you do when Trump has Mueller fired? If you love our country, you will vote for impeachment.
You and Dole are war criminals. I hope you live a long time John. And wish you all the things you did to other ppl around the world.
Happy birthday!!!
@NavyReading @SenatorDole James 1:17 EveryGood Gift EveryPerfectPresent Is From Above...What Do You Think
Yes, we need more heros about now.  Blessings to you both
Both of you are Great American heroes!
To @senatorDole May this Birthday bless you and be all you wish it to be Sir
Stop Protecting The sunni Arabs and the pay to play treasons of democratic party #stateDeptTreasons
You both are statesman that the US so desperately need;I can't support this adm.,yet please get well Sen. McCain & Happy Birthday Sen. Dole!
Wow, if only we had politicians like McCain and Dole in charge today.....
You should learn from Dole's life-long standard of integrity, John. Yours is sadly lacking of late
Seriously? Let's ask what role he played in staffing this dysfunctional administration.
Can we please clone the two of you?  Heroism, leadership, courage-great Americans
As a Yellow Dog Dem, never once have I thought I ever would find solace in a photo like this. God help us.
Best wishes and healing, Sir!
Dear Mr. Senator McCain! We all pray for you! And we love you! Please, recover! May God keep you!
Happy Birthday Senator Dole.Hand salute.
Thank you both for being authentic even when it's unpopular and always putting America first...need more like u both now #impeachtrump
Two true American statesmen.
Good health, with love from Ukraine!
Two American heroes. Thank you.
Perhaps greater patriots or champions of freedom have never sat together than when Washington & Jefferson met in our nation's earliest days
Not from my party but both always showed class & TRUE love and dedication to country and ALL it's people. Two courageous American heroes
Takes one to know one!
Happy birthday wishing you all the best praying for you
Two great Americans. Giants always, and even greater now in an age of tiny hands.


I don't agree with their politics, but both are patriots who love their country.  (Unlike the current Colluding Grifter in Chief)
D


Two heroes! Thank you both for your service to our country.
U guys arent heros according to #blotus!
Happy Birthday to another great patriot and public servant. They don't make them like you guys anymore!
You have a lot of people fooled ! How much money did u get as a disabled vet, but well enough to run for President!! I know and it was ALOT
Feels weird for me to defend Republicans from one of their own, but, what the hell?  Disabled vets shouldn't run for president?  #DimBulb
Get well soon, we need you to fight this Putin regime in the White House
So many new treatments..you got this Senator McCain! 
RrerrdsfxxxxxxxdxdDxxxxxxcxcxxxxcxd@d
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday Senator Dole and my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family Senator John McCain. My husband had Glioblastoma.
Happy Birthday to You @SenatorDole Wishing you lots of Blessings 
Two #AmericanHeroes
Happy birthday, former Senator Dole!
