You were a traitor as a POW. And you are a traitor now. Retire or be humiliated in the next election. Your choice.
Wont make it to next election 2022
You taking about Senator John Fonda Mc Stain?
No  go find Tokyo Rose propaganda info.
Why can't the same be done for healthcare @SenJohnMcCain? -- bipartisan and delivering the healthcare support we need and deserve. #SaveACA
Unbelievable ppl want to save a program that's cost over a TRILLION DOLLARS to currently cover <12m. Makes sense to you huh Chris?!
Your facts are off.  and yes it can be fixed.
That's it? No citation, no "valid" numbers to refute?Just another self righteous Low IQ regurgitation w/no basis in reality? #NoSocialistUSA
Thank you @SenJohnMccain for your NO vote.  You get it.
Yep, that's it.  No valid argument, just blissful praise for a guy whose brain is ravaged by glioblastoma as you call for socialist tyranny.
Again thank you @SenJohnMcCain and @SenatorCollins for making the right choice on healthcare for America #SaveACA
Yes, thank you for forcing taxpayers to prop up this useless, but profitable, way to kill off poor people you've herded to self destruction.
Vote against the Cassidy bill! People will lose coverage. People will die that could have lived - children, parents. What else matters?
Unbiased data shows that 22,000,000 will lose coverage under #GrahamCassidy. For many of them bankruptcy, death, or both will be the choices
So your number is 14000000? That's still 14000000 more than today. Tell me how that's a good thing.
The traitor to the country and people has spoken again because of his hatred for Trump! He is a democrat in Republican clothes
Everybody knows u got off easy wen u F'd up bc of ur pa & grandpa & that u r a selfish traitor songbird but there's special word 4 u: #KARMA
Thanks For Passage Now Pass Obama Care Repeal
#FY18NDAA contains improvements for VA healthcare outcomes. I urge @SenJohnMcCain to reject #grahamcassidy and work to improve the ACA.

Yeah. Right, McCain
Loser @SenJohnMcCain
You lied for 7 yrs about repeal & replace! @potus take Cadillac Healthcare and make them go buy their own! A taste of reality for congress!

You are a liar. A traitor. And a sellout. Guess what?? You don't think God won't bring ur secret dealings to light @SenJohnMcCain?? Karma.
Thank you!
Plain english.
Powerful. 
Go find a 6 foot deep hole and lay in it
Let's #bankruptMcCain w/a #classaction on behalf of all constituents who voted for you based on LIES
If you REALLY feel that way about our Military why did you let the Phoenix VA get so out of hand. You have been a SEN for years, did nothing
YOU also passed 2012 NDAA, indefinite military detention of US citizens on US soil w/out charge,rep. or trial. 's 6th Amendment? #TREASON
Quit playing. You have never once had concern about America's men & women in uniform.

Traitorous phony.
You are a bitter old man and you are not serving the people of Arizona.
I hope whatever reward you are getting for turning your back on America is worth it. You will have to answer to a higher judge one day.
You need to step down
We hate you.
John is still in his cage
hey john, how about you come clean on yr sleazy betrayal of fellow soldiers in vietnam?  Come clean before the cancer gets u.
You are a feckless leader and a liar. You let pettiness rule your decisions. Do what's best for America and not ur pride!
Traitor
Hey, McTumor, I REALLY hope it grows aggressively and eats your entire head ASAP and then Gov Ducey can appoint a REAL Republican.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your crotch, and your arms be too short to scratch!!! You are failing America
#GrahamCassidy
The NDAA was the second nail in the coffin of our constitution. The first being PATRIOT Act.
You don't give a damn about Anybody. 
Your ego is bigger .
We hope you retire soon 
We are not going to miss you !!
I will pray for u when u meet your Maker and have to atone for your vindictive evil jealousy.
Since you don't have this god awful crap what the hell do you care! Hell you don't even use that horrible vet care the gov runs.
#MAGA Yes!All these privileged bureaucrats should be insured with Obamacare. They love to force laws down our throats then exempt themselves
No.  That's not what it does.  Nor do you give a shit about Americans especially the military
You said you'd lead the fight to repeal Obamacare: step up and offer your alternative.  We need to see your plan.  Where is it?
You sided with the enemy in Vietnam. I see you're doing it again.
By the way you should be getting your care at the VA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE NO BETTER THAN OUR VETERANS!
You are a fake! YOU don't care about our Military, our Veterans, and/or the people of America you are a #TRAITOR
How do we keep having $ for more when you don't vote for any vets or troops to get the SAME healthcare you get? They ALL deserve it!!
You are a plucking traitor to your state, party and country. And to think I voted for you for president. I'll have to live with it!
You #AntiAmerican #Traitor. Song Bird of Vietnam. #HanoiJohn
Traitor
Are u seriously trying to ruin this country ? Or were u just LYING every time u said repeal and replace? Which is it??
That which you would piss on for for the right price. Traitor!
You don't care about me or my family!! Your only goal is to stop @POTUS anyway you can!! Revenge is not sweet! #ShameOnYou!#LuckyYouNoOcare
BS 
Are u having fun betraying your voters on the exact issue u ran on, u liberal con artist?
the only people against this new bill are #Democrats - I see you're one of them. Once a traitor, always a traitor.
McCain cares more about working with the corrupt democrats than getting anything done.  The hell with him!
So....where's your bill? Considering you are "leading the fight" and all.  #Liar #PolitiHoe
His evil has no bounds. People are drastically hurting under burden of Obamacare yet JohnFraudMcCain plays political games due to vile hate
thank you thank you
You're a traitor till the end.
You sir are not thinking clearly. You went to war for us all. But now the same ppl, you r causing great suffering! Brain is not clear chemo
Months of bipartisan work and "normal order", just as you called for on the Senate floor.  Why are you sliding backward on health care?
Please stand by your wise words about "regular order" & bipartisan efforts with regard to healthcare? Please vote NO on Cassidy's hasty plan
How about supporting veterans by ensuring their health care? Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy and save vets who depend on Medicaid.
You said REGULAR ORDER and BIPARTISAN SOLUTION to health care is only way 
Please don't be a hypocrite Sen. McCain ! Tell your friend NO!
Please help honor the service of our vets by standing behind those at risk of losing their Medicare.
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Keep AZ health safe with protection of pre-existing conditions, coverage of cancers, elders needing care, working poor, sick children.
Great. Now kill Graham Cassidy. If you vote yes, you will be remembered as the Senator who stripped health care from 30 million.
We spend 55% of our budget on military, 12X more than any other country. What are you afraid of? Not getting big $ from contractors? #Cheat
If u vote for Graham Cassidy, u will be a bigger slimebag than POTUS
@SenJohnMcCain - Please keep the ACA! A friend of mine has glioblastoma and will go untreated without it!
Always Bi-Partisan when it's pork barrel spending. 20 trillion and counting....
Funding for military but not healthcare? 
John McCain Faces a New Test of His Principles https://nyti.ms/2jDUrKC 
Senator, please, stand firm to your call for regular order and vote no on #CassidyGraham.
a few lobbyists now have pointed out that there is only 90 seconds of debate time left for Cassidy-Graham
And then lying weasel McCain advocates for transvestites in the military, proving the senile fool has no clue or is grandstanding. FU McCain
You live to fight another day because your pre-existing condition is covered - millions will die when trumpcare gets rid of mandate!
Do not vote for trumpcare, millions with pre-existing conditions will die!  You have a pre-existing condition-imagine no brain surgery?
Mr Senator, thank you for your commitment to freedom and stability. Strong U.S.A. with strong military can largely contribute to these goals
What happened to going back to REGULAR ORDER on HEALTHCARE @SenJohnMcCain? PLEASE DON'T VOTE FOR CASSIDY/GRAHAM BILL!!
Now get to ACA & fix it or pass it. Tax cut for middle class & the wall.  All R important
Thank you!
Vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill senator!
Thank you Mr. McCain for fighting for our military men & women. God bless you
None of this matters if you vote for #GrahamCassidy Fix #ACA. Protect Vet healthcare. Safeguard prexisting conditions. Time 4 courage again
Sure but isn't it excessive? Meanwhile we debate that we don't have money for healthcare and education. This is effed up.
Say NO to #CassidyGraham. No debate. No CBO score. 32M lose coverage.
BUT CAN YOU DO ANYTHING FOR ALL US REGULAR AMERICANS
Take the scarf off your face or I will just consider you another looting terrorist deserving of NOTHING!
Then support the Dems and vote no on Graham-Cassidy health care bill.  Do not ram this through.  It will hurt millions.
All men and women? What about our ACA? We deserve Good Health Insurance also. Not to have it taken away. VOTE NO on R AND R.
You were a hero last month. Don't F things up now.
They also need the Obamacare. The  American Woman and Man in uniform that keep our country safe. Think in them. Protect them. Help Them.

@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
Please persuade your peers to also adopt a #bipartisan healthcare solution.
JOHN MC CAIN is not representing the z Republican agenda. His vote will be a DISC. A Democrat in sheep's clothing
Speaking of bipartisan ..can you explain why Ducey's position on healthcare should dictate your conscience?
I give the POTUS 100% of the credit.
I can't think of this after you said you are supporting a healthcare bill that will literally kill people or bankrupt them.
Graham Cassidy puts veterans and ALL Americans at risk. How can anyone support a bill with no CBO score? I hope you are a NO
Only one 1 Uno  vote
So let's go for a bipartisan support for healthcare.  Vote no for backroom deals
#NoForGrahamCassidy
SENATOR IF WE REPEAL ACA MARKETS WILL SURELY COLLAPSE !AND THERE WILL BE PROTESTS AND UPRISING WORLDWIDE DEPRESSION !
But will the sky fall?
PLEASE VOTE NO STAND UP TO 45 YOU ARE OUR VOICE VOTE NO #TRUMPCARE DO NOT GIVE IN WE ARE COUNTING ON YOU PLEASE THROW THIS OUT #Impeach45
Military retired pay garnishment due to divorce. FSPA.DOD violates 10 USC 1408 not STOPPING garnishment when ex spouse REMARRIES. Vet bias
Wow! Money for wars over the healthcare of the nation.
Shameful. Disappointing. It's not up 2your state gov., it's YOUR call. Don't cop out.
What happens US military friends and family if you vote for the Graham/Cassidy bill.  HAME on your for "order" in senate. I'm disappointed
NOW U R EVEN DEFLECTING FROM OUR HEALTH CARE? SHAME ON YOU! why DO YOU REPUBLICANS HATE AMERICA so much that u are wiling to see people die
Bipartisan legislation and regular order are how healthcare should be determined. Don't pass the buck to governor. Do the right thing.
*huge windfall for military contractor donors is merely coincidental.
This delivers support to your benefactors in the MIC and if you are so concerned about personnel, maybe you should stop the wars.
Family life will be ruined with the loss of a home due to medical bills. Lives will be lost due to caps on insurance. Sounds grim? VOTE NO !
#SaveACA don't sentence my grandson to death
Yet U are insuring they will lose healthcare coverage. You're a charlatan. Are U capping your lifetime coverage? Your family's? Shame on you
ACA was bipartisan with months of hearings, 100s of GOP amendments, yet you again favor stripping healthcare in the middle of the night.
None of that will matter. Your support of transgender soldiers won't matter.  None of it will be remembered if you vote for Graham/Cassidy.
Fact
this is how healthcare should be done- remember that
This is the way to govern.
Your resignation would deliver America's men & women the support they need & deserve - small businesses too.  Just leave.
What about the ACA...how worried should we be?
We have the most advanced military in history and the largest military presence know to man. Hey let's make it bigger. Who needs healthcare!
Lets face it if a bomb is ever actually aimed at AMERICA, the military (high ranking) & officials  will run & hide in their undergrn bunkers
Military spending 1950-2005. Now we're up to $700 billion? I feel safer already.
Haven't you heard... PatriotMissle sites and personnel to Isreal. Iran has threatened since Obama deal will be nixed.
His donors are happy. He just coats it with patriotism to hide the fact that his donors got some serious government contracts.
Thank you. Now deliver the health care coverage to Americans they deserve - just as you are deservedly receiving! VOTE NO ON G-C!
John, please intensely review the CUTS TO
VETERANS in the Graham/Cassidy Bill. Vote NO for VETERANS & for AMERICA
Yes. But Graham/Cassidy isn't  a by-partisan healthcare effort which you said is necessary to get your vote. Please stand against this bill.
It's passing those who own congress money...you're such a Nazi, radical islam, commie loving liar.
Now give America some decent healthcare
MCCAIN : A GLOBALIST: REFUSES TO SUPPORT THE '16 ELECTION RESULTS & TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA! SUPPORT AMERICANISM NOT GLOBALISM!
You must do the same thing with Healthcare.
And once again screwed those who previously served.
Thank you for pressing for a bipartisan approach to government.  Lets get the grown ups get to work!
Now how about sinking the effort to pass Graham Cassidy. Every American needs the HC like you have without worry.
@AmericanLegion @disabledvets_ There Ra # Veterans that need help also.  Like sufficient $  2live on with the increase i7 grocery 5-8%
Please, Sen. McCain, make sure any healthcare bill u sign meets yr same standard for overwhelming & bipartisan support.  lives depend on u
John McCain, never vote NO for any war to kill. But won't vote to repeal Obama care. We can't afford Obama care. Do you believe in karma?

Everything except the money? Promises and no results. RETIRE Brutus
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Sen McCain,  please don't vote in favor of Graham-Cassidy. Don't take the medical care you received away from millions of other Americans.
Our men & women in uniform deserve a commander in chief who's not Putin's puppet. Trump's a racist, liar & criminal with dementia. Impeach.
Hey Persisted,go live in a Nazi state,your fascist claim sucks!
The US spends more on defense than the next 8 countries combined, but we fail to support our retired veterans. This money should to vets.
I hear u the millions of Vets are listening
was proud of you when u voted no that last time this idiot repeal came up America was proud please make us proud again fight
Where's the Trillions of dollars frauded from the Pantegan ? Don't act like you don't know?Crimal Traitor !!! MIA are cursing you by now!!!
Bipartisan healthcare is also a good idea. Scrap #GrahamCasiddy !

The face of a puck!!!
Will you be able say the same for healthcare?


We knew,he's a liberal in a pant suit ! He rivaled the Bush,Obama,Clinton criminal agenda
Save your breath,he's not listening
Now, save our HEALTHCARE!

Bastard,Viet Nam Vets hate his ass
#GrahamCassidy &/or #RepealAndReplace = No.
#MedicareForAll = Winner, winner:  dinner.
#FY18NDAA
 history duly notes the diversion.
You can pump more than half a trillion dollars into the military but can't rather pump it into basic social services. 
#Sickwordlyorder
Are you keeping your insurance? How much is your out of pocket? Can we get the same insurance that you get?
please do not vote for the Graham-Cassidy bill. People with preexisting conditions will lose their healthcare coverage. Have some compassion
Don't worry he won't vote for it, even though we need it. People already have suffered enough from Obamacare!!
You apparently don't have a pre-existing condition or a child born with a disability. Or you're rich and just don't care.
You have no idea what my situation is! I can assure that I know very well the real deal about pre existing conditions under new plan.
Nice work sir now please help vote no on Cassidy graham bill devastating for pre existing condition and cap on med bills pleas please please
Congratulations . This is a big win. Now that Trump has his Military well funded he will be using them on American Citizens .
I know,he's a creep that profits big from war!!!
VA is funded already,Daaaa
If you cared about keeping ppl safe, you wouldn't vote for this health bill.
How about fixing it if not a good bill,!
Now vote no on the GC bill & give American men & women in every state the support they need & deserve. Don't betray the poor, sick & elderly
except for the #trans ones right? Fuck them right? They don't need our support...right? Wrong. #FY18NDAA
#restoreregularorder Vote no
Too bad you couldn't do the same thing for the rest of the American people with OBAMACARE. #SupportOurTroops #MAGA
He did,Liberals, couldn't have a better ally
Congrats on your bipartisan win!!     Now, PLEASE save Americans by saving their healthcare!! (Again(-:)
I bet if you produced a bipartisan and well vetted health care bill it would receive huge support- and better yet- help people.
He's talking trash!!! Redirecting fire is his way to stop investigations on himself
Supposing that the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is really so brilliant, why attempt to sneak it through on a narrow Republican mandate?

And yet u lied to Americans when u said we must repeal Obamacare-just lied !!!
All the time,lies,lies,lies
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain .  I would be curious about your thoughts on the Ken Burns documentary.
#RestoreReadiness AND #RestoreRegularOrder #NoToGrahamCassidy
@dougducey strips away healthcare from AZ cits. 
AZ 48th in ed. Bad schools (charters to blame) bad job prospect, bad insurance. Thanks GOP
Dont vote for Cassidy-Graham
It was done with bipartisan support. Is #CassidyGraham done the same way ?
