You seemed very confused. You know that the Clinton e-mail and the Russian intervention investigations are 2 different things, right? #Comey
obviously NO he doesn't
Yeah, sure seemed that way.
I ALWAYS try to give McCain a lot of leeway based on his history and serive to country...but wow he lost it
I'm a vet. While respect for service is warranted. The respect isnt lifelong. That requires lifelong dedication, something he lacks. Fk him
If you interfere w/ Kamala Harris again you will lose women vote - don't be a chauvinist
Did you offer lame questions about Hillary cause your wife was getting job with @realDonaldTrump quod pro quo?

Trying to get to the heart of Russia's interference in America's election? Or, trying to cover for Trump?
Over people's head? No one understand what you are saying. It's like U wondering around on stage when running for office. Dementia?
Whole thing was bizarre. Bizarre as your choice of bat shit crazy Palin
Why has POTUS who swore to protect US from ALL enemies, foreign & domestic,...............
That was a joke...what questions? You do much better when you are slamming our president overseas. #sedition #treason #songbird
Interrupting Senator Harris's questioning during the Comey AND Sessions testimony was very rude & disappointing. <smh>
Please look within and see if there is anything just and true in your heart. You're doing a disservice to the citizens and country. Sad day
Why did you try to silence Sen. Harris today? Does a sharp, young black woman make you nervous like it did Sessions. She is us.
That was truly embarrassing.
Ko tas Makeins tādu labu pateica? Viss ASV Tviteris par to uzsprādzis. :D
Nosksties!
Šobrīd nevaru, bet laikam tas būs vēlāk jāizdara.
Tās ir 5 minūtes.
Nja, sāpīgi.
What? You are losing it  Clinton's emails investigation & hack are 2 sep issues
Sorry about your stroke today that we all had to watch on live TV. #retire
Way to embrace the "BUT HER EMAILS" crowd and not ask any relevant questions about Trump/Russia - which is WHY YOU'RE THERE. #forshame
I think you mean "attempting to interview."
U sound like a #traitor What happened? To heck with your legacy?What do they have on u? Is it just $? We already know that, it must be worse
You might want to try asking halfway coherent questions next time.
Badly John.  Can you focus on national security instead of partisan politics?
Yes, but why is your 1st question about Hillary?
To clear the garbage from the other senators who made an attempt to point the finger at Clinton instead of the entire campaign!
You appear confused/bad attempt at a GOP pivot/distraction won't work/your party is complicit w everything Trump
..feel sorry you were forced to demonstrate how badly your mental capabilities have deteriorated.
And you apparently don't understand the difference between "closed" and "ongoing" investigations.
You really failed us here.
And you did as piss poor job!
You're truly lost. Go home to your rocking chair.
Someone please call his Nurse
Ask Comey if any other POTUS loved Putin, had $100 M in laundered rubles, made Bank of Cyprus launderer head of Commerce, Tillerson @ State?
Did Clinton have a dozen points of financial contact w/ Putin Pals? Son in Law w/ Russian bankers? Surrogates promising end of sanctions?
Ur line of ? makes no sense - r u drinking??
So glad you brought out the fact that Comey had cleared Hillary but wouldn't even say Trump wasn't under investigation. Good Job, Thanks
Senior moments! Loosing his mind
You clearly have a fundamental ignorance of what is going on!!!!
Holy crap. He called  Comey President more than once. Poor soul. He's losing it. Totally incoherent.
...6 yrs to go?  By then he'll be calling me Potus!
If you only had more time, you could've have proved, beyond a shadow of a doubt & with geometric logic, that those strawberries were stolen.


You forget your meds?
ok you made no sence ..time to retire maybe go fishing in the dessart
Your not making sense. I don't understand what you're doing. Did you stroke? These are two seperate issues. I love you McCain, but WTF?
Where the hell were you
Mr Huge Talker?
One opportunity to question Comey
Your time was a complete waste of energy
Thank for nothing
Thats nonsense and you seem to be struggling.He announced that just the investigation into the emails was closed. Period.
You did a ridiculously awful job. No one knows what you were talking about. Extremely incoherent with no logic whatsoever.
What the fuck was that?
you did a horrible job by the way
Watching now. You are trying to muddy waters vs seeking clarity.
Lordy I hope there are tapes
Oh you know it sister
Thank God your time is UP you looked like you have no idea what you are speaking about...#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I thought you sounded confused and referring to senator Clinton was irrelevant.
Was looking fwd to your questions. Unfortunately, very disappointed. What the heck were you talking about?  Strange. :(
President Comey...my first question,  "trombone elephant red boat nose."
Quieting, interrupting, and gaveling @SenKamalaHarris is unacceptable especially when coming from an honorary member. #selllout
So how did that go for you?
Ur an old man who's not fit to shine anyone's shoes. U have taken money from Soros, Clinton, and BO. U r a traitor&shoukd face firing squad
Comey lied about several things.Why didn't he report Lynch for telling him to call Clinton investigation a "Matter"? Covering for libs!
Re: Sen hearings: Didn't appreciate your repeated condemnation of Sen Harris for interrupting. No rebuke for male senators, eg. Sen Warner!
So know your wife got a job for your "questioning" - I thought you were better than this - I guess I was wrong
Time to replace John McCain as soon as possible
If u spent as much time in the senate as u do twitter, we might could get something done there!
McCain, I used to hve respect for you but no more! you are impeding the search for truths concerning the gop and russia. You are un-american
and to uphold the Constitution; why has he not demanded to get to the bottom of the Russian meddling matter?
It's unconscionable!! Maine 
You need to stand up to Trump. He is making a chump of you, and you are letting it happen. He is a weak fool.
Now I see why you dumbed down. B/c your wife got a gig with this corrupt administration...huh?
You were awful!!!
You mean you're being trumps lap dog? You're a sell out.
And here I thought you were a patriot. I guess not.
He's a sellout & a traitor. Give his wife a job, and he'll stand down and let the Russians take over. SHAME on you Senator.
It's like you don't understand the two investigations were not the same. And he answered your questions. And you kept acting like he didn't
I respect you greatly. If you has not chosen bat shit crazy Palin, I think you would have been president back then. That being said- what ??
What was going on with you? Were you trying to please Trump because he gave your wife a position in the WH? That's what it seemed like.
Are you okay?
I hope your recovery goes smoothly. I thank you for your integrity, even though I often disagree with you.
John in all honesty, please take a leave of absence, maybe get some medical advice. Thanks for your service but it's time to rest.
Sorry that I was correct John, get well soon.
You doing ok @SenJohnMcCain AZ worried about your fragility, senility and incoherency @twwnaz
Maybe a stroke?
Definitely bumbling logorrhea
Someone on Senator McCain's staff needs to get him medical attention. He was confused and not right today.  Very concerned for his wellness
Comey was live, but Sen. McCain, I'm not so sure about you.
Mr McCain, Please retire! Get off the past Clinton train. Your question makes 0 sense, your partisanship is showing. Go see a Dr ASAP! Scary
Seriously sir, what the hell happened there?
I hope you're on your way to ER for some scans. Not sure you realized what hearing you were at.
This will end Russia nonsense, right? I know progressives are apoplectic.
Shame on you for trying to confuse the Russian Investigation with Mrs Clinton using her personal email server. We the public saw through you
We know that @jasoninthehouse Chaffetz, @TGowdySC @ChuckGrassley @DevinNunes are working for the russian KGB now we know you are too

give it up. pack it in. go home. you are no longer needed, valued, or sadly, respected. Maybe all your patriotism was used up in N. Vietnam.
Hopefully you know those were different topics. Clintons Emails and her personal culpability versus Russian involvement.
Can we PLEASE strike your questioning from the official record? Please go out a hero, not what we saw today.  That was painful.
I wouldn't call that questioning, sounded more like dementia.
Yeah, maybe you shouldn't have.
Wow... Just wow...foolish waste of time. COUNTRY OVER PARTY Mr McCain. 
I did. And, sir, I believe you may wish to consider retirement. You seemed confused, unable to grasp simple responses or make a cogent point
Thank you for your service, but...Lordy! WTF are you babbling about?
Seriously did you forget the subject of this hearing?
Your questions show you're old and senile, and maybe have some Alzheimer's. Go home and work a jigsaw puzzle. Russia is our enemy! Get it?
yeah we get it now
McCain links to Oleg Deripaska, Russia's richest billionaire / possible organized crime
John McCain: "I'd like to know what the hell that thing is"!
#Covfefe #ComeyDay #ComeyHearing #ComeyTestimony @cspan @cspanwj @SenJohnMcCain
Your logic for a dbl std does not make sense.Clinton's email investigation was complete. Russian interference investigation is still open.
Did someone check on the senator? He was off and incoherent.
Where you kind of confused? Sounded so.
That was embarrassing. You are off your rocker! (Or meds).
McCain I lost respect I had with you. You are so confused today it's time to retired
Johnny boy, get your shit straight when you ask a question.
To those close to @SenJohnMcCain : Something isn't right. Please get him to a doctor.
I can't find any evidence Comey ever said they would not press charges on Clinton in relation to the Russia investigation only to the emails
With that in mind, i cannot surmise where the implication of a double standard has any basis in relation to the facts.
Were u seriously asking if FBI investigated Clinton to see if she colluded with Russia to give Trump advantage in election?! #WTF #ComeyDay
Yes, the trial is about Trump & you diverted to Hillary. Party over people & this is why people lose respect for you.
I feel bad for calling you a coward. Have you had a stroke or something? I'm being sincere...
One of the few glimmers of hope was you Senator McCain. You seemed to me to to be a representative for our country... our voice
You having a bad 
geritol day sailor? 
That was a shameful attempt to try to link the Clinton email server to the very real & dangerous interference of Russia with Trump campaign
Just admit you were drunk as shit
By the way President Comey? Duhhhh
Your questions were irrelevant and muddied the waters. Hillary and 45 are totally different situations.
And you sounded senile. Asking why Comey was investigating Comey and not Clinton. Referring to President Comey. #Alzheimers
Old man. R u okey? I watched questioning Comey but u seemed off.
Time to hang em up, Johnny.
Are you ok @SenJohnMcCain ? I'm worried for you. It was like you were having a stroke !!
Grateful that even with an overt "in your face" corruption and collusion pass- the highest possible stacked deck-Hillary still lost
It's way past time for McCain to retire.
What is wrong with you today! Bring big up Clinton? This is about the dirty election with Russia! Disappointed in you
I do thank you for your service but what the heck were you blathering about when you questioned Comey, what a rambling mess.
I expected more from you. I thought you had a set of balls...
@SenJohnMcCain spreading #FakeNews about @HillaryClinton. John: Hillary was victim, Trump benefited. #ShameOnMcCain @maddow @cnn @cnbc
What kind of questions were those? You confirmed you are bought and sold party over country.  Heartbreaking.
Term. Limits.
You made no sense. I'm concerned of having senators like you in charge.
Yikes, dude.
I'm truly concerned about you. Please get checked out. Your behavior seemed out of character and unusual. Praying for you, sir.
That was not good. #ComeyDay #ComeyTestimony
You were off your game and sounded irrational.
Your questions are confusing me
You acted exactly like 45.Just lost all respect 4 u&sorry u got my votes in the past.Shocked&appalled unless ur sick
so...you really think that @HillaryClinton may have colluded with Russia to sabotage her own campaign? are you nuts?
W/all due respect Sen, I'm concerned. I'm also gravely disappointed that UR more focused on party politics than an attack on our democracy.
Are you ok you should seek assistance?
sir. i've always respected you, politics aside. Your remarks did not seem to make sense today. I hope you are well.
Giving you the benefit of the doubt and hope you are OK! Go see a doctor. On the off chance you are OK that was really disappointing.
With all due respect sir, and I voted for you in Pres election, what the hell was that today?

Looked a lot like >....
And you've cost yourself your political career as you are either demented, deliberately obtuse or genuinely unable to grasp a simple concept
Yep and we don't know what the hell you are talking about
And you should have recused yourself, because you are rambling and illogical, and making errors
I watched and realized you are not a patriot, you're just another politician. Shame on you. Your questions were crap!
We liked your question about a double standard with Hillary investigation & letting her off and going after Trump team w/ vengeance
Good job!!!
Time for ALL REPUBLICANS SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP. Establishment has opposed him and worked with Dems on FAKE COLLUSION.
Has someone given him a medical assessment? He cannot possibly be so confused that he thinks the emails & Russia are the same investigation!
Yeah we watched live all right. Did you forget to take your meds again. What kind of a BS was that 
Your questions were weak! And about a closed investigation! SAD representation of the people!
I hope you're OK Senator. You appeared very confused at the #ComeyHearing Thought perhaps you were having a stroke or other medical emrgncy
It's tiresome @SenJohnMcCain when politicians KNOW BETTER but con't to back a corrupt person.Trump will destroy this country. Help US
Senator, with all due respect, your performance today at the hearing was a good argument for term limits.
you clearly are way too old to be a Senator any longer, your incoherent sequence of questions to Mr. Comey made this painfully obvious
Sad day, Senator. You USED to be one of the #goodguys.
You seemed pretty out of it dude
I'm worried that you were having a TIA (mini stroke) today, Senator.  I'm reaching across the aisle and worrying about you.
You sure screwed that up! Comey said HRC E Mail investigation was over, not the investigation on Russian hacking in 2016. U looked confused?
Can someone close please check on @SenJohnMcCain?  Honestly seemed unwell.  Nothing to make fun of... unless he's okay. Then have at it.
Are you having a stroke?
My feed while you were on

Wtf is he talking about
Wtf is he talking about
Wtf is he talking about
Wtf is he talking about
You made no sense during your questioning. It was too obvious that you were trying to rope hillary into this to distract from trump.
Sir, I did not understand your questions, regroup
Why would you want people to see this performance.
Every time I think you are going to be a true patriot, you screw it up.  WTH was that all about?  I thought you might help us, but nope.
Lost all respect for you Sen. You clearly have no respect for your own personal legacy. You chose party over a country you once defended
I'm questioning YOU.
You looked out of it. Clinton investigation over her classified emails not over the Russian collusion or obstruction of justice.
He did seem off, but this was purposeful. He was trying to confuse Americans by implying Clinton got preferential treatment. Shameful.
Sir, are you suggesting that Mrs. Clinton colluded with Russians in her own defeat? This is the only way your line of ?s makes any sense.
Saw it! How are you doing? Are you ok? Do you need to take some time to rest and get your thoughts together?
Pls see a professional. If you watch yourself, I hope you then issue Comey an apology for misleading America w your nonsense questioning.
Somebody get this man a snicker  @SenJohnMcCain
He acts like senility has set in.  He's not making sense anymore.
saw it and you came off IMO as a dottering old fool didn't seem to understand J Comey's answers
Senator, Sedona beckons.
What the heck did I just watch? #presidentcomey
So disappointed. I expected so much more.
Just dissapointed that you used your time to make a point that the HC campaign should be included in Russian collusion.  Sounded crazy
Sen. M you're wrong to suggest the Clinton case is the same. 2 separate cases, 1 involving server, one not. Apples & oranges!
July 5 hrc "matter" closed by FBI?  But she was part of election process and yet her matter closed, how, since Russian meddling el inv cont?
Yeah and you called him a president Comey go back to the retirement home you can't understand a simple explanation
Did you have a stroke? If so get better if not WTF?
You didn't do a good job, matter of fact what- the hell did you say? Could you decode it and try again please!
Your complacency to Donald Trump directly resulted in this farce, you think you have any right to look #Comey in the eye and keep it up?
You wasted your precious time talking in circles dude. #lackofpreparation
That was BIZARRE. Are you OK?
No offense but you sounded way off. Kept calling Trump "Comey"! You sounded feeble!
