VOTE NO ON PRUITT!   His agenda is not to keep air and land clean and earth beautiful!
Time for you to retire and enjoy the beauty of AZ. Trump needs real conservatives, not RINO.
take him down. #trumptreason
why don't you go back to Arizona
stop looking at the sky and DO YOUR JOB!!
Hope you protect that Grand Canyon from Trump.  He'd have people drilling for oil in it.
15 follower Soros troll egg block!
To bad you don't seem to spend much time there.
Please John continue to stand up, do what is right and put party lines aside. So few republicans will do this. Thank you!
please help our country like the true #patriot that you have always been! We need your voice and action more than ever!!!!!
patriots don't need to be pardoned by Nixon! #songbird
exactly! McCain is probably the leaker trying to bring down Trump!
it sure is beautiful! Please protect it by opposing @ScottPruittOK nomination to the EPA
then keep it clean vote No to Pruitt
yet so many ARIZONA natives unlucky to have you as our senator globalist liberal
Hey Arizona, FYI:
Yes! AZ is a breathtaking place. Please protect her natural resources from plunder. Support public lands/nat'l parks.
Senator McCain it's time to step down and retire your bias is showing
Had the best time in your state! Really great people!
I would just as soon you stay there as opposed to ur basing the pres. Support him as he supported you
Happy Statehood !
@MeghanMcCain Love being your neighbor, love the Canyon.
Arizona you need to vote this traitor out of office!! He is failing this country, trying to start war with Russia! Some hero.
1 follower Soros troll block!
build the wall quit supporting CIA sponsored cartels and drug running
Happy birthday to our beautiful Valentine State! & Thank u, sir for standing up to that maniac in Oval Office. #ImpeachTrump
Keep the Grand Canyon beautiful - vote NO on Pruitt! #NoPruitt #GrandCanyon @GrandCanyonNPS @AltNatParkSer
NOW If ONLY YOU WOULD PROTECT IT & All the PEOPLE WHO LIVE HERE. YOU ARE AN AMERICAN DISGRACE,
I will have a block party every year on your last day in office! Arizona deserves better than you!
What are you trying to do become the Republican Chuck Schumer stop being an http://idiot.Support  our Trump and our country
Yeah that's all well and good. Get this through yours and your colleagues heads, we voted for Donald Trump. Stop ambushing!!
most did not and for good reason. Or are you a treasonous Russian plant too?
Sure, changing voting protocol after 241 years Mr. 8 followers? blocked.........
Back the Russian backed, Russian elected tyrant? Are you a traitor too?
8 follower Soros egg troll block!
You're "from" the Panama Canal Zone, where you were born.  You live in Arizona and D.C. #fixeditforyou
113,400 miles of heaven soon to be turned into a sh*t pit by corporations when #EPA is terminated.
no one gives a shit about this.  We are worried about national security and the tyrant in office!!  Please!!
I am so pleased with your independent statesmanship recently.  God bless you John McCain AZ is lucky to have you.
why arizona do you keep electing this slow rolling democrat?!
the shame of Arizona. Sells America to George Soros. He should be recalled and replaced. As bad as obamacare.
when do you figure the strip mining and drilling and deforrestation starts at the Grand Canyon Senator McCain...?
GO  BACK!
Demand an investigation into Russia and Trump! #stoppartypolitics #treason
Arizona would be better off if it had never joined the empire. Piss on government!!!!!
Couldn't you find a better picture?
@MeghanMcCain how sad your trip to see ISIS
@MeghanMcCain why are our vets without a be without a home in your state but immigrants have all they need
No to Pruitt!! Save the EPA!
@MeghanMcCain Go away, resign.
@MeghanMcCain Happy B'day AZ
The only reason I'd go there is to take a shit on ur lawn!
Saw you on the news!  Seems like you are not a Putin puppet.  Thank you!
You voted in all of Trump's anti-environment, pro-pollution picks. I guess supporting them trumps America's well-being
Mr. McCain. Please do not split our party over things the Dems blow out of proportion. We need unity. It is not personal!
Congrats to AZ, voters may have gotten rid of Arpaio, but his spirit lives on!
Begin today by representing your state as you are not the voice of our nation.

Respect Our President . 
AZ is. Desert. Waste of land
Your disgraceful, your worse than Mitt Romney. Not that's saying a lot !!!
why are you trying to ruin our POTUS that we elected overwhelmingly and adore. Are you bitter or a obama mole?
please investigate this Russian debacle. We need honesty in Washington
Better not let your EPA leader get a hold of AZ. Look what he did in his own state. manmade ear quakes. Dangerous times
you are a traitor to the Republican Party, you should just Declare yourself a Democrat.
Since VM is full at your Phx office, I'll leave this here: conduct a full bipartisan investigation into Flynn resignation
7 follower troll block! Fucku Soros troll!
It's a shame your support of Trump's cabinet will destroy it.
soon to be the Republic of Arizona
C. You  need to be loyal to our president! How much did Soros pay you? He is a traitor to this country!support our president
John will you call for an investigation into Mike Flynn? We need answers and you must do your job
You rely on jihadis to overthrow undeniably despotic regimes. look the mess u created in Libya, better now? NO!
enjoy it now he has a foreign country that needs American grand canyon rocks , selling of America to any country is treason
happy statehood AND Valentines Day! Follow your heart, for the love of state and country. I know YOU know what is right!
can't you ever keep your thoughts to yourself...
- Maybe you need to explain your meeting with terrorist
Our favourite State when we drove #Route66 in 2014. The Grand Canyon is amazing but don't undersell the  Petrified Forest.
you'll be glad to know that's where we are right now. Living on BLM land in Tonopah
Time for cake and balloons later.  DO YOUR JOB!  Stop tweeting news and start making it!  There's Treason afoot! INVESTIGATE!
Beautiful AZ.  Investigate Trump. Concerned citizen. Thanks
@marcorubio Not sure what grudge you bear against Russia. soviet Russia occupied, killed us in 1000s, we r not that angry
Russia obviously has never been quite democratic. but u do hv allies among all sorts of despots/demagogues?
Foreign regimes meddling has typically been an argument floated around by despots.
if you're done McCain go to the Grand Canyon to the bottom and then pull it in over you. Arizona AKA Little Mexico
Utah, and your screwing it up by playing politics with illegal immigration.
Thats great now work on policies that help the American people all of you need to tweet on the progress you are making
u bet John, this Democrat loves your state and the guts u have for standing up, on dignity of the U.S.
I was born in AZ but now I live in IL. AZ is better
king of the rhino machine you should be ashamed of yourself you phoney
Dear John. Click on the picture and see  "Ear of the Wind, Monument Valley Tribal Park, USA" Patch.
there see that, I thought I saw an illegal immigrant.
happy statehood day. Now please don't ignore my call earlier today about the background check rule repeal. #voteno
We demand a full independent investigation into the ties between the white house and Russia. DO YOUR JOB!
Its time for you to retire. Thanks for your service but your useless now.
just drove through Arizona your roads suck!
Happy Valentine's Day, The McCaiin Family;  Cindy and Roberta McCain's , Happy Statehood Arizona as well  Sen. John McCain
Push for investigation into Trump and Russia.
you r a nitwit! Also a traitor!
Do you remember where Arizona is anymore? With UR Soros Funded Vacation in DC we wonder.
Aren't you going to comment on the Russian spies off the coast?
u want to know Trump's Russia connection? We want the full story on ur Cong connections coward . Unseal the records
thank you for questioning dt's illegal policies. From the American people
why thank you song bird
Oregon, too! @RonWyden
Yes indeed! Thanks for representing #Arizona Senator
Russia.
Thank You, Patriots that leaked info being withheld by the Cheeto Admin.We need an Indep Invest'n like 9/11Comm!Get on it!
Thank god for publicly owned land eh?
yes we are. No go spank some Trump Administration ass and push investigation in lot Flynn!!
You r a traitor!
huh? Me?
we are, now lets protect its beauty and our national parks!
you're weak. Unite with your party and be a man
How about addressing the national security threats WITHIN the White House & removing the CON-ARTIST?
#TrumpRussia
trump is a traitor
Trump is a patriot! You r a traitor!
