we should be getting monthly reports on status of AZ VA hospital from him!! Ugh
Great choice an actor.
.@SenJohnMcCain Of course Tibet is what you discussed! You share the same hatred of Trump and same globalist agenda:
@RichardGere Must STILL have a Gerbil Up His AZK! He Has Zero Integrity PERIOD!!  GodSeesYurEvilWaysGERE @potus
typical McCain spending time with burned out movie star. Better to B finding a way to help POTUS succeed, just shows priority
bet you did.  Let's talk about America
yes let's get our heads back in the sand - what possible relevance does the rest of humanity have for us!!
Why do you only work 10 days a month?

.@SenJohnMcCain must be insane in the membrane 2 think it's ok 2 insult @POTUS. At least he won an election unlike McCain who lost horribly. 
why aren't you meeting with your constituents to talk about the issues facing them?
Americans aren't the only people in the world you know.  We are a global society now and it won't change.
name dropper.
what about issues facing children in Chicago?
My dad a veteran, would be disgusted to know you drop everything to meet gere over vets that have been raped & need help.
I see our tax money hard at work lol
really how about doing your job first before kissing Hollywood

Expel the treasonous cuck John "Songbird" McCain. Who does he collaborate with now? #ExpelMcCain #McCainInstitute = #ClintonFoundation #MAGA 
We don't give a rats tail about Tibet - you should be focused on the people of Arizona - you are not Tibetan ambassador...
OMG! and you call yourself a believer...? In what??
Screw Tibet and screw Songbird McCain.  GO POTUS TRUMP !
you are nothing but a lib lover. What about the American Children???

Investigate
Did you enjoy the "gerbilling" / "felching" session w/ Gere too? #FreeTheGerbils #RodentRights
Good for you! (Come on over to the Dem party. We need you)

JOHN MCCAIN CUSSES OUT & VICIOUSLY ATTACKS Female Reporter Who Asks Question #CNN #CNNTownhall #mccain #johnmccain  
https://twitter.com/zip90210/status/834904713103462401 …
what about issues facing USA! Washington needs to take care of Americans first!#TermLimits
so, how were the gerbils?
Enjoyed your Town Meeting with @LindseyGrahamSC last night Senator. You both have been a ray of hope for the American people.
"Ray of hope" ? The ray of Hope is POTUS DONALD JOHN TRUMP.  Not the weasels Graham and McCain.
RETIRE. RINO. Go work for LIB hollywood
Did you think he was better looking in person like you did with Ashton Kutcher when you got all goo-goo eyed over him? #MAGA
https://twitter.com/gingrich_of_pa/status/837447162661326852 …
Senator Mc Cain, I don't trust many Republicans right now but I trust you.  Help us get to the bottom of the Russia mess.
he let you borrow his gerbil?
oh please.  Only thing he knows is Gerbels.
I have a pix of you crying at the Wailing Wall right after you betrayed the USS Liberty. @LindseyGrahamSC  Such a shill.
you're in your own little bubble. Support the GOP and unity in your party. Stop all this isolationist idealology.
Richard Gere is an idiot. We cannot be sidetracked w/idiocy. Our country is in a mess. Fix it & leave other countries alone.
Why do ppl always post such negative comments? Don't you get tired of being so rude to the Senator? What a burden it must be.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for meeting with Gere about Tibet. Let Tibet soccer team visit Texas #freeTibetsoccervisas
. Just want to shout out and let you know How much you are loved and respected,  we cling to your voice of reason and reality.
We should never let communist China redraw the borders with force.  Not in Tibet, not in East/South China Sea.
He better start meeting with Americans to talk about fixing our issues and problems.
We pay you to work on the Nations business not listen to the problems elsewhere.
what if Tibet screws with our election? Huh, can you answer that?
where did you get shawl ?
Awesome! Thnak you, Senator!
maybe you should meet with @VP pence and talk about issues facing America!
true American hero.
if it makes u feel important. u never help the veterans. so waste time on issues not pertaining to our country
you better start dealing with issues facing this damn country and YOUR PARTY
I am now totally convinced that you have lost it....
u lucky B...zzz luv G..zz
so glad you are listening
So busy working for the ppl of Arizona.
@Tibetans were all the real senators busy
An Officer and a Gentleman? Oh that's right that was a movie. Let's police Tibet now also. 894/899
did you talk about hampsters too?
Tibet? How about our country or any other country....?
Big Deal. Work on the budget, Health, Infrastructure. All u do is waste time. You're such a PHONEY.
TIBET??  WHO CARES??  TRY USA   CHICAGO?    WHERE ARE YOUR PRIORITIES???  .AND ANTISEMITISM IN USA   .AMERICA FIRST!!
Seriously, now ur meeting with Hollywood libs? What the hell is wrong with u?
How about the issues on you talking about our @realDonaldTrump while overseas! You are a un American when you do that! #MAGA
re Hollywood elite! how about supporting our president!
your kidding, right? 
you're taking advice from Gere? My God what has happened to you. You've been letting me down lately.
anything else going on today? ANYTHING!?
maybe something about our AG?
maybe something you should be looking into?
think hard
ahh Tibet, the celebrities favourite cause.
TIBET??? YOU MEAN CHINA.  SHOULDN'T WE FIX OUR ISSUES IN AMERICA FIRST??  WE HAVE OUR SHARE - AMERICA FIRST!!!
Really, Tibet!? America first!!!
you always did Love rubbing elbows with Hollywood.
what about the issues facing USA? You country needs you! DO SOMETHING. USA SHOULD REMAIN FREE!
#freeTibet
Good Job Sen McCain! 
and gerbils
Y don't U resign from Congress I have written U many times about issues & U won't answer any ?'s  have UR Fool staff answer
McCain U take the cowardly way out just like Vietnam Song Bird That's Y NO vets trust anything Y stand 4 or say RESIGN COWARD
Good to see you taking interest in this cause. Tibetans need their country back. Terrible situation there.
oh-oh. looks like we're getting ready to bomb Tibet
Hey John - remember to trash your country - you know, the one that didnt vote for you bec. they dont think your a good guy!
How many Times has McCain met with Russian diplomats.
no one cares
nice but where r u on sessions and trump Russian ties? Ur silence is not ok.
Two libtard nut cases.
What about the issues facing your own constituents, @SenJohnMcCain?!
with all due respect- concentrate on the problems at hand here first!! Get your head out of the sand and don't stick w/party!
You need to force Sessions to resign - GOP losing credibility every day. This was perjury. Period.
show a little class
Hey democrats how do you really feel about America come on you can tell me I won't tell anyone
it would be nice if you met with the president of the you know united States
Imagine necon globaist trashbag @SenJohnMcCain Wants 2 start WW3, then 1st to fall into enemy hands, spews secrets, claims he´s hero #tcot
Yet again, a perfect example of how out of touch you really are. SMH
as opposed to scientists, researchers, or actual people from Tibet?
I'm sure you did democRAT
Oh, that is interesting. America is in trouble and you are worried about Tibet?get your priorities straight. RETIREMENT!!
@WhiteHouse @POTUS JEFF SESSIONS LIED under oath period.  Is this the example moving forward?
Mr. Gere is a noble citizen. I hope he enjoys his trip to Washington and meeting with you. "Come home Mr. Gere. We need you."
tone deaf on the day. Seriously.
Thank you all!
How about the issues facing American democracy? Seems kind of important to me. Maybe. A little bit.
Thanks !
I'm  not a GOP but you are my fav GOP Mr. McCain
Great! Sir, please tell me that scarf isn't for flying. Tibet is very far from Los Angeles or Washington. Snoopy wears his.
Senator you are getting distracted #ACA #russiagate Gere is so yesterday...nice you wanna help Tibet but FOCUS #Resistance
the Tibetan women's soccer team were denied visas to comes play in a Texas tournament. Why?
I am a lifelong Democrat, always admired your sacrifices, admire you, and your friend Senator Graham more today for honesty!
Confused, McCain is AZ Senator, what does Tibet have toi do with AZ?
nothing mccain doesn't care abt his state
America First! You are senator of AZ, not a senator of Tibet!!!
he thinks he's Potus traveling the world he forgot he lost
clowns
looking very fashionable, my dude
People's Liberation Army bomb targets all agreed?
America FIRST!! RINO!
I am a Progressive Sen. McCain but I think you are awesome!
What’s your take on Sessions?
better yet Mccain what is your take on being bought and paid for by Soros you globalist
@realDonaldTrump did you tell comrade Trump your beloved POTUS where Tibet is?
Perhaps you could do us all a favor by visiting and staying there.
senator McCain perhaps this isn't the best time....
We your constituents in would love to see you in AZ to talk about our concerns. Hope to see you in person soon! Thank you.
he doesn't give a crap abt you
Is that how you justify a free lunch
forget Tibet for now.  Humongous problems here at home.
MR.  HOLLYWOOD, puke.
Your tweet shows total lack of understanding of Mr Gere and the issues of Tibet. Try knowing about the issues before tweeting
Some scarf
Just a real globe trotter you have become...Celebtards...realllly? Bet you watched the Oscars!
is Tibet our problem??
Apparently, they think so. Refused to permit the Tibetan national women't soccer team into the country for tourney.
Excellent.  What about the Russian threat facing America?
awesome!
John, u are our only hope in the Republican Party as all others put party of trump over the American people and constitution
Can we get a statement about the Russian/AG situation.  @SenJohnMcCain
soon as Eric Holder takes responsibility for getting this man killed k?
this is what liberals do all talk no work
Um... McCain is a Republican.
Richard Gere! Are You Out of Your Mind! You've definitely lost it.
How about you chat with us regarding the issues that your constituents face? Town hall?
he doesn't care about his constituents he's too busy as you can see
.....do you know what's going on right now?
Please talk to the American people about retiring. #TermLimits
rick I'm not a republican but McCain is one If the last honest ones let's not rush him out
he's a disgraceful excuse for a human
mccain has got to be kidding, hanging out with far left loons . Hey John AMERICA FIRST    AMERICA FIRST   AMERICA FIRST
Sessions must resign Now!
yea right just like Holder and Lynch huh?
