How about you raise taxes on the top 1% to help pay downthe national debt?  That's what the greatest generation did:
Back in the day of Nixon, who released his taxes, I was in the military as an E-5 and I paid almost twice in taxes that he did, loopholes.
#18Voter Civil War to flip Congress of all rhino's who don't put America 1st,Total Repeal/Replace,TaxReform,Wall build,&18 budget by 1Oct17
Regular Order ! Bipartisan solution for health care!  Tell your best friend NO!
Thanks senator. I love your opinion about dying, and it helps us to decide what to do at the end of life. God bless u.
Sir, PLEASE vote NO on this Graham-Cassidy bill.  It will kill all rural counties in EVERY state due they won't have the money to operate.
You need to Repeal Obamacare!
Please vote against the Graham Cassidy bill. Everyone should be able to treat brain cancer if they have it like you can.
COME ON JOHN STAY THE HERO!!  VOTE NO ON THAT TRUMPCARE!!  JOIN JOHN kasich ON THIS!!
How weak.
Mr. McCain I plead with you on the ACA. I was recently told that my cancer from yrs ago has returned. I can't work due to health issues.
I am a single mom who worked hard to put my daughter thru college. She has a degree in criminal justice. I'm raising my 12 yr old Grandchild
If this bill passes I won't get to see my daughter succeed and follow her dreams. I also won't be able to give my grandchild opportunities
I plead with you to have the heart I know you have. People with pre-existing conditions have a right to live as much as those who don't 
They are keeping pre existing conditions! Kno your facts!
I have been a lic. ins. agent for 16 years, so you keep shopping and praising your president, and I'll keep telling ppl abt high risk pools
Graham-Cassidy bill is bad for Arizona, please vote NO.
T Cassidy Graham evil people. Millions will die.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE. GET ON BOARD WITH PRESIDENT.
Stop the latest GOP healthcare zombie. Enough of this abomination. Fix ACA!!
From Earth to McCain- we voted for Republicans, not Democrats. Repeal Obamacare as you promised. You will only be remembered as a liar.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Calling for bipartisan deal when Republicans havevhouse and senate, how weak.  Democrats would never do that if they had house and senate.
ARE YOU CRAZY NOT GOING TO PASS REPEAL AND REPLACE. DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE CAN NOT AFFORD. YOU PEOPLE SUCK
You need to cut the wasteful spending to fund the military and pass tax cuts to increase GDP. You need to support our agenda!
Please support our elderly and their families who rely on Medicaid for dignity in old age. Support the healthcare jobs for working families.
You don't give a shit about anything being bipartisan!!  You're considering voting for your friend's bill, you should be ashamed! Hypocrite!
Please Do Not Vote for the Cassidy/Graham bill to end the ACA.
another way to make sure women are second class citizens, not only being paid less, charged more -now No insurance for me if I get pregnant!
Adding my "please vote no" comment to the rest of them.
2-from those that need it the most. You want to put children  the elderly, disabled, and women at great risk. We pay for your insurance &
What about your illegal exemption for Obamacare! You go on the plan if you like it! You don’t care about us! Retire already
RETIRE!
Do the right thing. Vote No! on this horrible healthcare ill bill. Vote NO. Please.
Please do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. People's lives are at stake. Worse than any war, human beings will suffer.
Congratulations on #FY18NDAA!  NOW, Can we count on you to #VoteNO on #CassidyGraham bill?  Or have they bought your vote?
Our America, though we are proud, been divided for too long, agree w/Sen.McCain, we must do more, never less. Coin has 2 sides, use both!!
AND you MUST VOTE NO on G-C Bill (another chance to play "hero"!) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare #ACASavesLives
Bi partisan on healthcare too...
Please don't abandon the ppl of this country by supporting Graham's bill. It's going to destroy ppl's lives.

Free public college tuition would cost $47 billion. Senate just approved an $80 billion military budget increase. https://interc.pt/2hfNmf1 
Please tell us that you plan on voting no on the horrific Graham Cassady bill
Back to normal procedures. If both sides aren't involved it's not a democracy.
Please Sen. stand with the majority of Americans and vote for them and not for good of your party! America First!
Please vote your heart and vote NO on Graham/Cassidy. It is only a last ditch effort to fulfill Trump's promise to his base. It is 'mean'
I'm glad ur for bipartisanship and regular order. Does this mean ur voting against your friend @LindseyGrahamSC bill? Or is that different?
PLS DON'T LET ACA DOWN!
Now that this has passed, it's time to kill Graham Cassidy. If you vote yes, your legacy is destroyed
WHY ARE U OK WITH GRAHAM/CASSIDY? IT PUTS MILLIONS OF AMERICANS IN HARMS WAY! EVEN YOU WOULDN'T BE COVERED! WTF?
John stick to your guns on Healthcare. Millions losing it is not the answer. What are ur Republican colleagues thinking . This is wrong.
Do what's right Senator - listen to YOUR conscience. Vote NO on the repeal. Revamp health care through a bi-partisan effort.
how about repealing the ACA,  you're a turncoat and by no means a hero, just a old man who didn't win the Presidency and can't be trusted
How about a bipartisan healthcare bill instead of the #GrahamCasiddy bill that will kill millions of Americans? Please #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You are a decent man. How can you even consider voting for the ACA repeal?
Get your money to "defend" but why does your party want to HURT AMERICANS?! First rule of HEALTHCARE is DO NO HARM! The GOP's plan HARMS US!
You cannot vote yes on #GrahamCasiddy 1/6th of the US economy needs more than 90 seconds of debate. Where is the CBO score?
Do really want stripping HC away from millions to be your legacy? And all for that guy @realDonaldTrump ? Putin loves #Trumpcare We don't!
We all know what @JeffFlake is, Flake by name, Flake by nature. If I've spent the best part of a year defending you on social media for this
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidyِ Find a way to stabilize the ACA without stripping HC away from millions.
You'll "reluctantly" vote away MILLIONS of Americans Access to HC. This Is WORSE than the Bill you voted NO on.
WHY?
Please Sen McCain don't let them take away Medicaid. Some of us need it to live! PLEASE!
I can only think and Worry about healthcare right now.   I staycawake at night.  I and so many counted on you before and now
Hopefully you didn't deal for your vote to kill ACA. Vote for all Americans not just your paid off Governor.
Hey John, who's paying for your cancer treatment?  You, Sir, are a hypocrite.
NOW SHORE UP HEALTH INS.  OBAMA CARE WILL COST $$$$, TRUMP/GRAHAM CARE WILL COST AMERICANS THEIR LIVES!!!!
Hurry hurry hurry time is running out to screw Americans and their HEALTHCARE. Sad plan the GOP has to HURT America.
No #TrumpCare

John McCain Faces a New Test of His Principles https://nyti.ms/2jDUrKC 
Start by heroically voting NO again to draconian Trumpcare/ #GrahamCassidy Fams w preexisting conditions & pregnancy(!) placing faith in u
"It would be a tragedy for him if he went back on his word so blatantly." SAY NO TO #GRAHAMCASSIDY. #RegularOrder
Why can't we appropriate money for healthcare?
A part of America died the day @realDonaldTrump became president and now, more Americans will die if the healthcare is passed. Be a patriot.
#GrahamCasiddy would ELIMINATE Medicaid in 9 years??. Please sir, do the right thing... again... for the people.

HEALTHCARE, John. Vote NO to #CassidyGraham It is your ONLY option as it is fare WORSE than prior bills you voted against.
And no, John. Let's see tax increases for the 1% and more who have all of the tax loopholes!
Please vote no for Graham - Cassidy. It's a bad bill.
Please do the right thing & vote no. You know that ramming a bad healthcare bill for political reasons is wrong thing for USA.
Please don't take healthcare away from people. Please don't vote to raise premiums for people with pre-existing conditions.
Congress is too busy talking about Russia. Just like you are!
You can't be trusted
Which of these "Essential Benefits" would you like to give up under #GrahamCassidy, @SenJohnMcCain? #SaveTheACA
How about bipartisan healthcare reform instead of ramming thru partisan Graham-Cassidy that will hurt most vulnerable. #noGrahamCassidy
Sen. McCain: You can/should persuade all your other RINO buddies to "coalesce" & favor "NO PORK" Budget.
Vote no Graham-Cassidy
Not one cent more for the wealthy and corporations.  Stop them from hiding wealth overseas.
Please vote NO on  health care bill
Vote NO on that disastrous GOP health care proposal. #VoteNo
yes.
Please don't vote for Graham Cassidy! It's sure death for both people and our economy. Please!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy it will devastate millions. #VoteNo #CBOScore
The Democrats have him programmed well don't they?
Thank you John McCain. I can't imagine how you feel with your treatments traveling back 4 forth. Please take care of yourself .
Unnecessary wars need more funding but #healthcare doesn't? Health in most important thing for everyone! Kill #GrahamCassidy  !
Plz re-familiarize yourself w/essential hlth benefits. We need our gov't in our corner, not wkng against our health.
Bipartisan?!  The GOP is trying to "secretly" steal our ACA again!!! #SaveACA and then maybe talk bipartisan.

NEW: Graham-Cassidy ACA Repeal Bill Would Cause Huge Premium Increases for People with Pre-Existing Conditions https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ …
Pushing Graham/Cassidy thru w/out knowing all its repercussions is irresponsible & un-American. I can't believe you are either of those. 
Plz help lead the way in seeking to repair ACA. How many Americans in health situations such as yours will die because of $$? Help us.
Sir...plz don't vote for Graham/Cassidy. The "win" the Reps wish for wld be a deep loss for mils of Americans. Fix, don't remove, hlth care.
Stop blaming Barrack your guy aint that flash
Please take a stand to defend Medicaid. Please don't support the latest attacks on healthcare.
Please leave a legacy. Save our healthcare
#GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans  We're watching, John!!
McCain knows it didn't observe regular order, so if he votes for it we'll know he was lying the last time.
Protecting a country with missile and removing healthcare from it's citizens is illogical and immoral, especially for a man in your position
Sen. McCain, every American should aspire to serve with the distinction and honor which you have. Please. Do not support #GrahamCassidy

Please please don't do this- be a hero again with health care, people are so scared
You are better than what the @GOP has become. Your colleagues need to stop threatening lives. My sick friend is terrified. This must stop.
PLEASE STAND UP FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO NEED HEALTHCARE. VOTE NO ON Upcoming healthcare bill. It will hurt millions! Vote 4 what's right.
Your party is morally bankrupt and it's disgusting to watch. This "president." This "health care." All of it. RR would be sick. Just vile.
Why aren't you calling for bipartisanship on healthcare?!?!?!
Can y'all please stop holding Americans hostage with these cruel games aimed at taking healthcare away? Vote no, Senator.
THIS is what Repeal of ACA will do! Graham/Cassidy is s POS and you know it John. 
Senator,u did the right thing before,please do it again.Graham Cassidy bill rushing thru without scrutiny is destructive & cruel.
meanwhile you sold out americans for the stupid #GrahamCassidy bill
#GrahamCassidy is a mess, Senator. Please vote no!
Senator,we need your help.Your party is again trying to shove a bill down our throats that will destroy health care,devastate Medicaid.
Vote the high road against the current health care bill!!!!!
Return to regular order. Remember that? Where's the bipartisan cooperation on healthcare. Return to regular order. VOTE NO
"Bipartisan". Are you going to stick to your words when it comes to health care?

So basically I'd be unable to afford staying alive. #metastaticbreastcancer #ijustwanttolivedammit https://twitter.com/goldengateblond/status/909885912045072385 …
How about a BIPARTISAN healthcare bill with a FULL CBO score? C'mon, Senator, do what's right, not what's easy.
Listen to your people Maverick. VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY.
FOR SHAME MCCAIN!!! Knowingly leaving POWs and PREVENTING THEIR RETURN!!!
Hudson Report - Naming Names: John McCain: http://youtu.be/27BuVXz3Y-I?a  via @YouTube
Reluctantly? So this is to be your legacy? God forgive you.
RED FUCKING ALERT
McCain says he'll "reluctantly" support Trumpcare if his governor does
Now Arizona governor says he supports Trumpcare
 https://twitter.com/dougducey/status/909833548986687489 …
John u know in your heart if you vote to repeal the ACA it will haunt you. You know Graham/Cassidy is horrible! Do the right thing! VOTE NO!
Americans hurting.We got hit by hurricanes & fire.We have MS, ALS, & blk lung.Don't kick us when down-keep pre-existings ACA
It is your job to defend the Constitution & it's hard to maintain "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" without healthcare insurance!

#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Please don't vote for the newest healthcare disaster just coz you're buds w/LG. Please vote with your conscience again. Please!!
Do the right thing on health care, Senator.  Do not cave under the pressure.  Have a conscience, as opposed to your fellow GOP members.
How can you even consider voting for the Graham/Cassidy bill???? No hearings, no score - 32m OUT of healthcare. YOU Of all people???
Awful sanctimonious these days John. Your humbleness has dissipated over the years. Sad to see. Come down off the soapbox for a bit please.
Hey, John, Senators are selling their constituent's healthcare for dollars from the Koch brothers.  Help!
2%....??? Well, it is better than nothing.
Retire traitor!
What about raises for seniors on Social Security???
But, your day will come, maybe sooner, rather than later, when you'll have to answer for your cruelty, let's see how proud you feel then.
You can ensure your legacy by voting no on the Healthcare bill. A bad idea is a bad idea, no matter who comes up with it. Help us.
What happened to supporting a human healthcare bill? Graham-Cassidy bill is inhumane! Removes pre-existing coverage.
If you are going to support Graham's bill, we are back to zero. Now, we can see why they put Graham on the bill. Sucker you. Screw country.
You're now planning to vote for a bill with no dems input, no hearings, and just as bad, if not worse, than the one you voted no on. 4
You came back to Washington and let everyone, most of all the people going thru the same struggles you are, down in the worst of ways. 3
Please Senator McCain.

Do YOU want to evict seniors from nursing homes

@lisamurkowski
@SenJohnMcCain…
Please vote no on this abhorrent new "healthcare," bill
You talked about going back to the rule of order, including dems, holding hearings, working together. It was nothing more than bs talk. 2
#cutmytaxesnow!
Retire!
We saw a fleeting glimpse of the McCain I used to respect.    You came in & struck down a horrible healthcare bill, the right thing to do. 1
If I get brain cancer, I will die without healthcare. Please don't do that to America
I know your buddy Lindsey"s name is on the new HC bill, but this bill is worse than before. Please, be a No vote!
If this is good for the people and Trump supports the bill, this bozo mccain will vote against it. Bozo Maccain the clown, a Trump hater.
Vote no on the new trumpcare, it's worse than the last
Please don't vote to take healthcare from your constituents and the country. Who cares what your gov wants - he didn't elect you.
Amen. They very much seem to ignore the people voting for them, the ones they're supposed to work for.
You are a great man served America well don't fuck the American people
I don't know a single person without a pre-existing condition. Please vote against Graham/Cassidy. It's cruel and is not the answer we need.
I love my country and our Military. I just can not stand this man. He is disgraceful and dispitiable. So sick of me. Please go away. Please
let's hope the next time you receive treatment that you think of those who will be without treatment if you stand with Graham#NoRepeal
Don't others deserve the same treatment you recently received?  Don't give them a death sentence.   Stand strong.
Please be a hero again and vote no on health care bill. Your vote on the skinny bill was a shining moment in political history.
4-count on you. We are not worthy of coverage. Just what does an American need to do to be worthy of medical treatment in your view?@nytimes
Please keep your thumb down on the abomination that is the Senate "healthcare" bill! Don't desert your constituents!
.@SenJohnMcCain plz be our hero again #voteno #CassidyGraham death bill. It's more draconis then last 1.They are not following regular order
.@SenJohnMcCain this is me 2day. Steroid infusion 4 MS flare.16 yrs dx'd 38k/mos 4 treatment I'll hit lifetime cap. #voteno #ProtectOurCare
3- I don't mind funding your insurance, cancer treatment though I don't have cancer, but for me & my neighbors, fellow Americans, we can't
So, you sure you still wanna go down as a lying fraud?
BREAKING: Republican leadership now putting all eggs in Graham Cassidy. Word is no bipartisan deal and no waivers. Strong arm calls tonight.
1-I thought you were a man of honor. I don't agree with you on anything, but honor & dignity were yours to claim. Now you seek to steal HC-
You are trying to deflect attention away from your cowardice support of #grahamcassidy. Healthcare is a right! Not a privilege!
Don't try to take it from healthcare! Vote no on the repeal, there are people who want to live.
Stop Trump care part 2 @SenJohnMcCain
Why is this lunatic still in office?
Please do not vote for the Graham-Cassidy proposal. The poor, the elderly, the disabled should not be pawns in the chess game of budgeting.

Graham-Cassidy bill is bad for veterans, please vote No.
Dear John, I know Lindsey is your friend, but would you mind voting against this 1,000th attempt to repeal ACA because it sucks.  Thank you.
Sir. You lost the moral ground to call for bipartisan anything when you decided Rs have the healthcare answer solely.
Also...this is a matter of some urgency, Sir.
Please vote NO on the healthcare bill coming up...the US needs your sane voice...vote no please
