@FreeBeacon your time has come and gone and so should you ps quietly!
McCain, what have you been doing your whole career for this to happen; NOTHING, but talk on liberal media programs attacking your president!

Yes, that's Arizona's POS doing nothing but lying as usual to the American people, embarrassing!
McCains a lonely turd waiting for someone to flush him down the pipe; drain the swap!
We must repeal
We must repeal
Like repealing Obamacare? Best thing you could do to end sequestration is to retire
I truely believe this is a direct result of the new NCO training standards. No attention to detail, NCOs rely too much on TECH.
You don't understand the meaning of the word repeal
This is frightening for me, a mother with my only son at boot camp right now. Please make sure they take care of our future soldiers
McCain your so stupid you can't even see your President's been addressing what you haven't done over your career, making our military strong
McCain, a dead man walking, wanting to do good for his country...to late POS, you've shown your ex-supporters your true colors, traitor!
@SenJohnMcCain Please retire. You did not help my son (yes I sent letter) when he was in the Army and got injured. Your words are hallow.
If you mean what you tweeted then start talking to Pres. Trump instead of fighting him.
McCain served in the US Navy he knew what it meant to have a commander in chief he's the commander not because you like him. He's in charge
Like when you 'trained' them on the forrestal?
President Trump is a man of action your a man of only words, Trumps done more for the military in 8 mo
 than you have your whole career! Sad
This is first thing I have heard from McCain that I agree with in recent past. Offhand, I blame Congress under Obama (including Republicans)
Where were you for the last 8 years when Obama was tearing down our military?
It's basically too late. Should have pounded this over and over again to your Democratic friends under Obama.
John McCain is a man of great knowledge and integrity. I believe that our congress needs to be responsible and follow his prudent advice.
It is bad leadership, not money. Be a leader yourself by repealing Obamacare.
It's madness
Should think about reinstituting the draft too. It is natl disgrace 3% of 1% of population doing fighting and dying!
Losing more from Suicides!
Why didn't you do that during the last 8 years under worthless Obama? All you politicians did was kiss his ass & are country went to HELL!
I wish you would just go away.
Repeal? Gosh, that word really sounds familiar. Oh, that's right, you used it in reference to #Obamacare.
3/4 of a trillion being spent on defense already. Can we rebuild/maintain a strong military without bankrupting the country?
Yes. We can.
I have to agree with the fake hero on this. Sequestration needs to be repealed. I thought @potus would have done this a while ago.
YES!
The only way to correct the ratio is to wage war
Get real we are lucky to have any military left after the last two democratic administrations policies to depart them
Shame on you John.. you have become poison
Do you believe you can solve any of
your national problem having life long
legislative membership & 1 kill vote.
Everybody wants to be full throttle all of the time. Problem is when you let off the gas and the wheels are spinning at 100mph.
You sound disappointed that the situation isn't reversed...
blah blah blah.  Deet dee dee. Retire already.
Even with a brain tumor a stopped clock is right twice a day
Good luck with that Johnny boy.
Oh yeah. What's this new move? The military has been starved for quite some time (see @BarackObama ) Why now, old boy?
He’s really just mad we haven’t started another war
#Warmonger
This I totally agree with. The military must have reliable, well maintained equipment & superior training, servicing.
You are literally part of the problem. Just leave.
Retire. You have done enough damage to this country.
Senator, did yo broker the Trump dossier? Your constituents demand an answer.
Get real as whole I hate I voted for you l think you are a back stabber please stop go home
We need to get rid of you, a traitor to the American people and to our POTUS. Can't believe you let us down with your NO vote 4 HC.
John no one believes your BS! I for one really don't care what you say one Vote McCain!
Or stop spending money fighting wars we cannot win
Senator McCain, I wish you could tell us all a story that would explain all this "madness". Do u have any idea how scared 1/2 of U.S is? 1/2
I wish continued good health for you. And may you have peace.
Wise up Stand up for our President Trump
Whatever you want, John, just don't let them vote out Obamacare.
Ya about that how many did you accidentally kill in training?
Drain the swamp ....oh yea that is you ...your about filling your pockets your not for the people ...you can't stand us we know who you are
Late to the party but maybe you can do something now vs complaining. POTUS wants a stronger better trained military. Work with him to MAGA
I'm betting you voted for it
Flynn-national security advisor, Kushner -whatever he does and Trump. What do you expect? Putin probably has his hands in our military
Systematic problem across the board. 20 yrs. in the military never seen this many 'ACCIDENTS"before. Needs fixed Sir.
It's cause of drugs that has got people  confused about gender
That is correct, but you cannot be trusted, they trusted you on healthcare, huge mistake.



This is the former Bay Club at NAS Corpus Christi. No money, maintenance, and left to rot. History lost!!  #sad
That would have saved lives!
Combat ready always.
Declined readiness does not happen overnight. 
Why so urgent now?
*Aunt Patty mailed him desert treads from REI to Iraq
killed the unborn, fell away. Jesus, Jesus
Says the guy who will vote for sequestration as he did durring Obama years...
And even more veterans to suicide...
What a "dog & pony" show!
Tell um Senator!!!
So, your goal is to get more kids killed in Combat?  I'm sure 45 can arrange that.
Repeal and replace obamacare you said for years, remember? You repeal nothing.
Throwing money at the problem is not the always th answer! We have to look at the leadership and how well they r performing.
eight Special Ops soldiers at Ft. Bragg were wounded today in training exercise...
Sen McCain what is the average deployment time vs training in a service members career?
What do U know u r a traitor to r troops
8 Army injured @ Bragg; 15 Marines @Pendleton; 17 sailors killed @ sea collisions, 16 killed in C-130 crash; soldier killed Hood accident.
Where in God's name have you been the last 8 years?  Resign!!
Try building the Wall Senator and get rid of Obama Care
Talk to the President John He will always stand up for the USA and make America great again
Why should Trump support you when you don't support him? Quit talking and start acting. You are in the majority. Act like it.
How about keeping to your word and repealing ACA....TraitorJohn....
Ohh senator, nobody believes you anymore especially when you say REPEAL.
I hope that if we must lose troops, we do it more in training than in combat! Train hard, to: deter combat, save $$, avoid collateral damage
the actual issue is the pussification of our military by imposing 'politically correct' BS.
Shut up John.  You jackass Democrat
We must get out of this cycle of constant war..when and how did this become acceptable??
A fascist Russian puppet/pedophile/gangster selling out our foreign policy is a LOT more pressing than more $ for biggest military on Earth!
How much of this is monetary and how much is bad leadership
Help our forces Senator!  They need someone who cares speaking for them!
John was it not the GOP that demanded sequestration in the first place to obstruct Obama? Some of us don't forget stuff like that John.
How is money and accidents connected?
Why don't the military have better trainers?
Is it equipment or personal.
We just had 2 ship accidents
Duh, where have you been last 8 years???
Find a hole and fill it McCain
All you do is talk. It's time to do the job you were elected to do.
Rather than talk about it and other things or betray the people who voted for you resign.
Where have you been McCain
Seems all you know is blowing up stuff. How about spending all that money on infrastructure and health care like you have for the rest of us
Tone it down because the wars you push are not yours to fight.
You are 100% correct! Let's fund it! Then get the rest of us your health care!! Or, use the ones we have to with no pre-existing conditions!
So let's get out of Afghanistan.
So we now find out that you brokered the deal between Fusion GPS and the FBI for the Fake Trump Dossier. TRAITOR!
Fastest way to get it repealed is to say that's what Obama and Hillary wanted. They, the GOP doesn't remember past last week. True!
Ft Bragg, NC just had an accident!Senator, you are absolutely right! The Marines with so many burned in their accident!When will it end?!
Where have u being all these years u are responsible for this mess u should step down and get out of the way
I don't suppose this has anything to do with quotas and statistics Be damned, their qualifications. Only their gender and color matter.
Earth to Mc Cain. By your own words the training WORKS if fewer are lost in combat
Probably would have more soldiers and sailors if you hadn't killed their grandfathers and gotten away with murder.
Well let's not tell world we suck.
Don't want to hear your mouth.
I agree. Please help our men and women. They need better training. This is horrible!!
What does that mean... less men/wmn, more robots?

Let's begin w/ the elimination of waste and greed. 
You're talking to yourself. Even your fellow RINOs don't care what you say after you screwed them over.
Do you want my address to mail me my 5000 deductible for next year? You have enough money don't you
Blablablabla!!! Same demagogue rhetoric. McCain is out of touch!
You are madness! Repeal ? You mean obama care ?? Nop... wait ... 1vote remember what you Did ?
Why not cut out MOST of the 'CONTRACTED' services and TRULY strengthen with MILITARY PERSONNEL instead of the lowest bidder?
