keep helpin john, your the best ally they have.  whats your stand on the NFL disrespecting our nations flag?
He is paid by OPEC to keep sanctions so Europe can't buy oil from Russia.
NO INSURANCE OPTIONS IN ARIZONA ----------> JOHN~!  TKS  :)
That would be the @GOP'S fault
GOP is responsible for not repealing. Dems responsible for Obamacare death spiral.
No, @GOP is guilty of not fully implementing ACA so the competition for customers didn't materialize in each state
Bull. Humana left NE FL oct 2016 before Trump won. ACA is partly why Ttump won and GOP holds the house.
They left cuz couldn't make enough money & the ACA had incentives 4 them but @GOP didn't fund them & this is why we don't need insurance co
Mr. Senator, Please use your strength & standing to remove Trump. We know you see, we know you know, we know you can. Sincerely, America
And yet you felt the need to distribute a false dossier trying to do the exact same thing......
They are continuing the verify items in that dossier. Who knows, maybe there even a golden shower tape!!
I'm sure there is. Hopefully we will all get to see it before the end of the year.
Help us Senator McCain. This administration is bumbling, inept & dangerous!!!
This from a ?? Lawyer TALKING TO A TRAITOR.
Wow Kelli, Colorado let's you live there? That's jacked up.
Kelli ' s a bot
Yeah. I was leaning in this direction but thrown by all of the tweets. Thanks
Wrong.
Your disinformation campaign about a disinformation campaign is pretty amusing. You miss the Cold War, I get it. Move on.
You are doing a great job of undermining democracy yourself.
The American people need to understand how big a threat #Putin is to world democracy!!!!!!!!!
#Chaos and undermining sovereignty of nations coming from the guy that funded/armed/created ISIS is irony at it's finest. #EarthToMcCain

Why hasn't Trump enacted the new Russia sanctions yet? What are doing about it? Much respect, Senator. Thank you for decades of service.
I keep asking the same thing. No response from WH!
Stupid part is 46% of #Americans where playing fool with reality during 2016 election,cz God told them #Trump is his gift 2them! So ignorant
Not my God he told me vote Hilary. By God you mean televangelists who fleece their parishioners out of boatloads of money and are Repub.
Lol, n they keep on fleecing them, while they go 2church thinking that division is the pivotal element of faith n Trump is the bond to peace
Somehow they got their wires crossed about how a Christian behaves.  Trump does not have in any way shape or form Christian values.
Why are we not holding #Putin accountable? BRING HIS ASS DOWN.
How much did you contribute to the cause? Were you promised your own apartment in Moscow?
Please retire
So why did YOU try and influence our election with their fake "dossier"?
You’ll chase him to the gates of Hell I bet.
Really?
Kind of like the Trump Russian Dossier you paid for that was complete bullshit? You’re a traitor. RESIGN
The #1 sower of chaos is John McCain. Maybe you're working for them? Sure is bearing the fruit.
You are a confused man.
You're delusional.
Spike that LMT stock
Everything is not black and white.  John, do we use disinformation campaigns? For instance, repeal and replace?
Please resign it’s painful to hear anti party republicans
SENATOR McCain WHO NEEDS ENEMY WHILE WE HAVE TRUMP!!!!!
Boy this is great coming from a guy that tried to use a fake dossier to trash trump.  How dishonest. Where is your integrity McCain?
Dossier isn't fake
Thank you! We need more voices of reason getting behind this and less #FakeNews
Get pranked again by any fake 'Poroshenkos' recently?
È ancora vivo questo qua?
Le chiaviche hanno lunga vita mia cara amica ...
Hai ragione... 


Sanctions?
Then at least censure this bafoon of a potus
That's if you don't have the balls in the Senate to oust him!!!!
Dude are you still alive? Where did cancer go?
Here let me fix this for you: #Soros disinformation campaign is part of a long-term goal of sowing chaos & undermining democracies.
No Sir, YOU are the one undermining everything you touch. You should have retired long ago, before the evil saturated your brain.
And pence has brother who works for russians.  They all work to destroy America, American lives, our constitution, democracy & our country
And trump is working with putin to destroy America.
You know what this means? The election was a fraud & the winner was the beneficiary of fake elections. WE NEED NEW FAIR ELECTIONS!
Why DON'T you GO AWAY?most conservatives can't stand you&rino ways.Your transparent hatred,jealousy,obstruction to @POTUS is sickening.
Speaking of undermining...you did a GREAT job of submarining obamacare repeal.  You've become a disgrace John!
Obviously. @realDonaldTrump is #PutinsPuppet installed to further Russia’s agenda. @GOP is enabling him & THEM. #ImpeachTrump , sir!
Just do the right thing for USA and get over your resentment on the good President we have. Taxes. Plus healthcare change stop being leftist
McCain, you old pathetic ISIS supporter, the sooner that you and that Graham leave our planet the better for us all. BYE BYE!
Your continual campaign of disinformation is worse than Putin's and caused chaos in USA
Please, please be working to remove the traitorous Russian puppet from our Whitehouse. He's an affront to everything we stand for #SOS
Yep Facebook was complaint and if Congress (@GOP) doesn't impeach @realDonaldTrump They're complaint to. So we must change congress to #MAGA
Why did we think wewere untouchable
Perhaps someone can convince the idiot in the White House?
25th amendment now Senator
Please work to protect our elections. Oregon uses hand marked mail in ballots. It works great. I am worried about voter machine hacking.
What is GOP going to do about it?
McCain through it all help us to find more information on Trump trouble ways cause he is destructively harming this beautiful country.
#Putin's Puppet @POTUS is delivering the chaos Putin wants. GOP leaders are enablers. Deafening silence from Ryan & McConnell. God help us.
Yeah. Let's hope all your diabolic hypocrisy is due to your malfunctioning brain.
Same disinformation technique you used for your reelection? REPEAL AND REPLACE! You need to resign and be with your family, relinquish power

Good grief Johnny, give it a rest already.
Hey Johnny you are the most disgraceful man in the country you are a traitor and a thief # Vietnam #Keating 5
You are the only #Warmonger Im worried about stop being such a hypocrite, u and gram are the first to undermine governments
Thank you for acknowledging this. We're under attack, and @gop doesn't seem to care.
For Gods Sake Please Tell Me Why We Are Not Impeaching Trump?
Trump's people bought into Putin's plan- Now we have a PUTIN-ocracy. Get rid of RUSSIAN OPERATIVES in the White House. Hold new elections
Agreed. What is Congress doing to prevent this from continuing? Sham voter fraud  commission yet another waste of taxpayer dollars.
GOP has backed Trump at every turn on every confirmation knowing they were chosen to destroy our government and purposefully hurt AMERICANS
You're joking? That's the US modus operandi. The evidence is there for all to see #Afghanistan #Iraq #Libya etc.
So explain to me how your fellow Senators do not take stronger action? I understand the gelding Speaker of the House being weak, not Senate
Hypocrite. Stop taking advantage of uninformed & easily brainwashed Americans. Please retire. Americans too good people. But, Politicians...
Nobody works harder to undermine this country than you do, scumbag @SenJohnMcCain .
Please remember senator, freedoms just another word for nothing left to lose.  I want to out on the right side of history. How about you bud
Sink that rickety bathtub he calls an aircraft carrier
then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT instead of TWEETING
Really? So what is the goal of YOUR disinformation campaign against MAGA? Sub vet here who's lost all respect for a once great man. Adios!
Dear McCain thank you for your words but please know that the Russians are in your party. They run the GOP.
Before anyone new of Russia and her campaign Trump was already saying “FAKE “ news.... now we know the source
Resign Rino liar and crook
.. but the whole world believes Putin. We're winning 
And the Russians' campaign's name is "operation f**king moron"?
And u and the GOP fell RIGHT into the trap
Please tell me we're doing something about this, but we haven't heard anything because it's classified.  Please?
What are you doing in response to Putin installing TrumpRegime? How are you defending the USA?
@FarEasterner Crazy talk from a crazy man. US democracy is a sham that will disintegrate on its own.
Senator: I realize you’re in the fight of your life, but our nation needs you again. He’s a bully. Hit him hard everyday.
Indeed and it worked. Sadly critical thinking skills and discernment are not our strong points...
USA's disinformation campaign is part of JohnMcCain’s long-term goal of sowing chaos & violently undermining democracies with Regime Change
I just wish you had convinced @JeffFlake to see the light on Trump. @RepSinema will be a welcome replacement for him.  She fights 4 us all.
And your president from YOUR party is carrying on Russia's mission.
Join the resistance, John!
The only thing Putin is guilty of is legally expanding Russia's economy before bankrupt Obama slammed brutal trade sanctions on Russia.
God said it is better for a man to tie a milestone around neck & fall into the sea than to mislead his ppl. John you mislead many of HIS ppl
He succeeded in puting his vile, divisive, racist, corrupted & lying a***hole as @POTUS which u still enable.
@MalcolmNance
Everything you wrote applies to USA, not to Russia, and you the bastard that sells itself like an old prostitute....
Don’t let those Commie bastards get away with it, Senator...and by Commie bastards, I mean these shitbags!
hey john, let's get an independent commission going. strike up the band.
Good to hear from you.  Hope you are doing well.
Thank you for acknowledging, sir!
Wait..I thought we were the ones sowing chaos & spreading disinformation to undermine foreign governments & promote regime change. #NK #Iran

Too bad Trump ignores it. 
Too late. Trump and the GOP, by them not calling him out, has already sold our Democracy to the Russians.
Which demands an answer to the question, why is DT trying to deny the fact that Putin's disinformation campaign even exists.
How come we don't do this?  Are we this bad off?
Thank you sir, for standing up for Americans. We desperately need you right now.
Putins winning. Chaos is showering down on us just like drumpf experienced
Trump administration & #Congress MUST PROTECT OUR ELECTIONS & DEMOCRACY
DO YOUR JOB!!
What will it take for you to stand up for the country that you fought & almost died for
Short-term version worked pretty well.
@GovernmentRF 
How is @Russia responsible 4 brokn justice system,racism&chaos in US,
When cops r exonerated even when on tape killing blaks
@GovernmentRF 
How &why US can't protect civil liberties of blacks &right of protest?
How is @Russia responsible4 broken legal system in US
@GovernmentRF @RT_com 
How race problem in US created by rogue cops,killing blacks daily without any arrest or trial is Russian fault?
@GovernmentRF 
How can a different view point by @RT_com is disinformation
While complete lies about civilians death by US is frd of speech
Truth!  Thank you for saying it like it is Senator McCain.
@GovernmentRF 
Hope @StateDept will also close down @CNN & @BBCWorld for showing unauthenticated &twisted  news of US war & civilian deaths
Hope @StateDept will ban @CNN & @BBCWorld for running fake news of Russian meddling without any evidence or source like it plans 4 @RT_com
Here,,I'll do you a favor since your out of the loop..! Don't fuss call Gus! 
Alrighty then
@RT_com 
While @Russia plans 
But
You have invaded countries against all Intl. Norms on false narratives
Killing millions of civilians
Fear projectors, panic impassioned, purposeful power pursuers as lifestyle practice >>>>compassion, dignity, mutual respect of humanity?!
Sir-works only w/traitors helping them. How did GOP become party of Putin? Time 4patriots like u 2turn in GOP traitors 4sake of  democracy
They also sew division.The media fuels this
&UScitizens receptive2 Turner Diaries mentality/prejudice/projection/lifestyle practice-particularly perpetually panicked fear USctrl loss?
There was things in that he didn't agree with..but never the less.., you where where and are a fine man..according to my late Mike. !!
Thank you for calling them out. #LongLife
Sen. McCain, please tell @POTUS!
A Muslim. My Husband cried and said..I got my Maverick back. He proceeded to tell me stories about you..do to reading your biography
My late husband always admired u but then he kind of didn't like you. Until the day when you stood up for Obama and said no ma'm he's not
And trump was his short term goal ...
...And enriching himself and @POTUS #RussianCoup #TrumpRussia 
Once more in your life Sir..be the Maverick!! Save the country you fought and suffered for. !!
Why do you care you're a Democrat
Thank you sir. Please don't let them destroy our country. We need you to be a hero one more time and remove them from office.
Was not colluding..my mom lived through Hitler. We all stood at the ovens..we saw the movies..we saw the horror. It's getting f..ing scary
And @realDonaldTrump has no plans to stop them, and apparently neither do you or the rest of @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
see Mercer, Dugin, Bannon.
Yeah and his buddy Donald is helping to become the world power!!. Russia lost once because of US and England. But than our potus ,not coludi
And yet the @HouseGOP let's it continue. #Complicit
The 2016 election across the board was compromised - it must not stand and you know your party - the @GOP has too many folks compromised
With TRUMP AS PUTIN’S PUPPET! Where is the Republican Party? Ooh, that’s right- Republicans going right along with Russians
Has been since 1917
And 60M of our low info American electorate allowed Russia to put the  in office.
Trump HAS helped him
How about talking to the @GOP we all know it only your party seems to deny it.
Maybe undermining democracy is like undermining communism - just expediting the inevitable downfall.
He's doing a pretty good job...
And our president has normalized this, essentially condoning Putin's efforts.
Unfortunately, what used to be the Republican Party doesn’t seem to care.
Putin can rest on his laurels. Trump and the current GOP congress have done an excellent job of "sowing chaos & undermining democracy".
so when will you move to impeach and convict trump...who is a russian mole?
Well it is working and the GOP are supporting it
"...undermining democracies..." You give Americans little credit, and that is shameful on your part!
Get Ready!!!#Hezbollah leader, #Nasrallah, will speak on Sunday and give proof that #Washington has been aiding #ISIS all along these years!
"My candle burns at both ends,  it will not last the night,
But, ah! my foes, and oh, my friends,  it gives a lovely light." - E.S.V.Millay
Ahem...and which party played right into Russian hands by DEMONIZING Hillary???
yeah and ur weak party let's it go over fear of a mean Trump tweet. ur the ONLY one with balls
How much longer will you put up with chaos in wh???  When is enough, Enough?  Now birth control? Dacas Trans  Mexicans Muslims. Who is left
#RepealDickeyAct
Demos reacting like Russia wants
Maybe they will assist in your reelection loss
Thank you Sen McCain 
I totally agree..Putin is working on a long term plan & it will not be in our interest. It scares me w/2 g/sons, one Army. Trump has to go!!
Why did Nixon pardon  you for treason?
John McCain is an asshole!!!!!
Seems to me like trump is a willing participant in it. Bigly.
Vietnamese civilians wish to thank you for the tons of Agent Orange you dropped on them.
I'm telling you John your treatment is clogging your brain matter RETIRE FOOL
Where do u get all these ideas... May be ur pleasure trip to Vietnam?
You are the one with the propaganda! 
By the way, we aren't buying it
Yeah well it's been the same for liberals in this country. Yes I mean you
call the doctor... SOS
Why, did you turn your back on your fellow Americans?
@realDonaldTrump being POTUS supports #Putin 's long-term goal of sowing chaos & undermining our democracy #ImpeachTrump
Russia is a non-issue, a dead issue. Get over it!
I want you to know, generally, the majority of American's think the @GOP are fools and incapable of governing. Too late to #TheResistance
Also, none of this is new. President Obama (The guy you loved to hate) warned all of you. Mitch said 'it would look partisan' did zero.
Your potus is helping.
I think you will find that is exactly what America does.
I agree, and sadly it's working under President Trumps reign.
The American pubic is ignorant of how deft Putin and his FSB can spread seemingly innocuous disinfo. >> Poll: http://bit.ly/2fn0SNa 
