You lost me at defense spending bills being inadequate. Compared to whose? What is this myth based on? Paranoia, corporate greed  & fear
mongering. We need peaceful diplomatic humane solutions. Not more we are #1 puffery & threats of military might
You, McConnell and many others are the old guard, with old self serving thinking. Time for many of u to go home. Spend time with family
TerryV, I don't agree with McCain on much, but your thinking is much like Obama's which is the reason we're in the mess we're currently in
How so?
And I'll take the Obama reference as a compliment. Don't bother replying to my how so. Believe what you believe. I believe what I do. Peace
Terry, in the scheme of things @SenJohnMcCain has been a reluctant ally. We need him until Trump is gone.
I like McCain and respect the man. I disagree with much of what he says though.
You stuck us with #Obamacare probably permanently. Conservatives don't give a shit about what you have to say anymore. You need to retire.
So sad... 20+ million people are "stuck" with health insurance, mostly the same so called conservatives you talk about. Poor people!
And many millions more have lost our doctors and seen our premiums go up thousands per year. Despite the Obama lies.
Based on what facts?
Personal experience and the ability to read.
Plus - maybe your ability to read is not targeting the right content? Reading the wrong thing may leave you with a wrong understanding
Or perhaps you are wrong? I'm going to go with that.
And so you choose to remain wrong and uninformed instead of making a basic effort to inform yourself. Easy answer. But factually wrong.
How about Congress get their heads out of the Billionaires asses, and do what is Best for the American People not the Corporation of US
You implying this Trumpian dystopia=bad, but old way of doing things may not have been awesome either and, perhaps, even caused this? Weird.
Negative. This is a direct result of latent racism and closeted bigots who were on the down low now being emboldened to by Der Fuhrer to
emerge from their lairs and attack American people, values and the Democracy. This is "what trump hath wrought". A visual record.
The trump followers on a rampage. Trump and his racism and hatred of President Obama is responsible.
This is what trump has unleashed. These ignorant rednecks now feel free to come out into the open. The next generation of hate in training 
Dear AMERICA these people are infinitely more dangerous than ISIS thanks to trump and his henchmen.
This is as traitirous as Trump's  actions with Russia. These people are attempting to install trump as Der Fuhere and themselves as his 
This truth: "a president who has no experience of public office, is often poorly informed and can be impulsive in his speech and conduct."
Poorly informed and lacking the intellectual curiosity to learn more.  It's truly astonishing.
AGREE!
Look at McCain throwing down. He would have been a great president in 2000.
No way he is a ragging lunatic. He doesn't even help his constituents with health care.
Where was McCain during  healthcare vote . Voting with Dems
Yes - because it was a half-baked awful bill. He did the right thing.
Not like anything is going to get done when everyone in the party has there own damn agenda. Poor example of working together.
I voted for you Mr McCain, but this is the reason people also voted for Trump..... we don't want congress to get back to "normal"!


Its time to get behind the POTUS and support his agenda- tax reform, repeal replace obamacare, NK and false Russian collusion.

Sen McCain  you are not the http://president.You  ran and http://lost.you  can make a hundred speeches
Feel asleep after the first 3 paragraphs
Lmao
Just so you there in Congress know who your working for. Get rid of citizens united $$$, everybody knows that's code for the Wealthy buy off
Start impeachment. Action!
You are an ignoramus, John McCain, and it is you that must be removed from Congress!
@potus Mr. McCain, your time is UP. You have enriched yourself at the expense of Americans for far too long. MAGA. Trump 2020.
If you won't demand his resignation, could you at least demand his tax returns? You aren't his subordinate.
He won't release his tax returns
because we might then
demand his resignation.
I hope we can send him to prison!
Still your President
I have never referred to him by that title. Unfortunately it's true. I have no respect for him. #blantanlyhonest
Never respected or trusted 45.
Then you need to get your "friends" on the other side to stop with the resist and obstruction
govt is supposed to be "of the people." if served >2 terms, you're no longer people, but are part of ruling elite that Founders despised
You supported 100% of McConnell's filibusters and helped the Garland blockade. Now you want regular order?!?!?! #GOPhypocrite
it's time for you to pop that head out of your ass and vote health care program in
You need to retire...
Well said sir. Hopefully your Senate colleagues see the wisdom of your arguments.
Country before Party...Just revoked my R registration...get me back.
Agreed, minus spending on defense. Now please convince a few of your Republican friends that 52 votes is not a super majority or mandate.
Time to do something about it, John.
God bless Mr. McCain
you literally promote nazis
You legitimized Sarah Palin. Move aside.
No shit, it's about time.
Meghan is so blessed to have a dad like you, this country is so blessed to have a man like you
Two words: Sarah Palin.
It's also time for the GOP to get off the trump train and start doing for and representing regular Republicans
Thank you for this.  It is beautiful.  Thank you for trying to fix our country!  Good luck with chemo, I hated it terribly myself...

you guys do know your praising a guy who has a brain tumor getting chemo and lots of OxyContin focus on health shld not be voting 4 us
Have access to his medication administration record, do you? Even so, he's 100% correct and thinking more clearly than 45 has or will.
Reg order? That is doing zero, getting $$, letting Dems run over Americans. U need to retire, let progress happen. If u luv America at all!
So your feelings are hurt huh? Can't take the truth from a REPUBLICAN Senator? At least there is one Republican Senator putting Ppl over 
party. Suck it up duffus. American ppl mean.everything. The Party means nothing. You are one very unpatriotic fool. Senator McCain stands 
We The People . Trump and your ilk only care about cutting taxes, destroying the ACA, privatizing SOC.SEC and making America white. So 
FOXTROT OSCAR. If you can't accept An America that takes care of all the people like leave. Antarctica is nice, lots of white everywhere.
You make me proud to be an American. Keep at it Senator, we need you to fight for our country now more than ever!
Interesting that you say congress is returning to "gridlock ", after YOU cast the deciding vote to keep Obamacare in place! Retire already!
How does voting "NO" to replace this horrendously expensive, benefit-shrinking Bill help your Constituents?!?!
Nope, nope noppity nope nope.

Too little, too late. 

We have to get the tangerine toddler out before he ruins our country.
What order this is most pathetic Congress I have ever seen WE WILL RESTORE SOME MORE ORDER REMEMBER 2018
#MAGA
I think it is time you retire.
#RetireJohnMcCain
do you job, pass immigration reform.  It's Congress that passes the laws, remember that idiot!
I admire Senator John McCain for his objectivity and leadership!
Bitching about Trump again. Anything else, John?
Thank you for your service Return to Order you speak of does not include you. We The People elected Our Leader. Enjoy a healthy retirement.
You lost any credibility you might of had on health care vote! Stay home for good rino!
Time for you to just go away.......say Hanoi, right songbird?
The only way we'll return to normalcy is to change leadership in the White House. You, sir, have the power to start that process.
We keep waiting for our established government to fix this: impeach, fire, lock him in a closet. Do something before bombs come our way!
This new #Trumpcare bill is not regular order, please don't let this op-ed be a lie! Please don't let partisan politics cloud your judgement
maybe they should start with just putting in some regular hours.  The amt of time these folks take off is ridiculous.
Since the time off is MEANT to be spent meeting with constituents, I'd say the time off is necessary. I just think we need a law that
makes it a REQUIREMENT to meet with them. Open town halls, no closed, open to donors, only, meetings
#Retire GET OUT OF THE WAY SO THE SENATE CAN DO WHAT WE THE PEOPLE NEED! You FAILED US ON #RepealAndReplace
time you return to the Phoenix VA
Yes. We need action. Change parties.
Who cares? Does congress actually do anything. Democrats hate our country and republicans are weak and incompetent. Keep up the good work
It's time Seen McCain start exiting politics - quietly.
It's time for y'all to impeach this man before he completely destroys America.
What has he done to destroy America, everything I've seen has been positive, maybe you mean the media's lies are destroying America....
If you buy into the idea that legitimate news media lies, then that says everything that needs to be said about how he's destroying America
Matthew, I guess you think CNN, MSNBC, NEW YORK TIMES, WASHINGTON POST are all ligitimate media that can be trusted! Not biased are you?
Not biased. I'm an educated person, capable of critical thinking, unmoved by rabid propagandistic punditry that the Right has perfected.
Wow, good luck with that!
Cant tell you how nice it was to read your oped.Am so weary of our erratic president's rhetoric.Yearning for measured & rational leadership.
The president is borderline dementia
He's just an angry, mean person. He may not drink, but he has the characteristics of a really bad alcoholic.
That would be nice but GOP leadership is corrupt and owned by Russia and wealthy donors. #impeachGOP
You got that right
It is time you recognized the People Voted In Trump as @POTUS. Get over it and start working with him! #GivePainAVoice
The majority of those who voted did NOT vote for Trump. Also, the people voted for the members of Congress, too, which is an equal branch
of government and NOT subservient to POTUS.
It's time for you to take a knee. You've done enough damage!
Senator, Thank you. Can you now put in a good word for @JoelOsteen Thx.
Oh the regular order in the Senate with the gridlock 60 vote rule Pres Trump right GOP establishment has turned election victory into defeat
Yeah. Right. Your party is leaderless. Lawless.
Enough talking. Show us! There are traitors in the WH, and in Congress. To do nothing is to be complicit. Where are the patriots?
TIME FOR YOU TO FIND A HOSPICE COMPANY, SONGBIRD...
Its time for you to stay home
what a mess congress is! Little work and no results! Sad.. need new faces!
Thank you. Praying for you and your family
Try it on health care too where markets have been shaken by bluster and impulsive rhetoric. The ACA was a good start. Build on it.
Good start to what, socialism? Works great in Venezula.
U answer to the public.The ones u lied to about repealing.I hope u survive cancer & run again,so you lose your election.Thumbs down to RINOs
Hahaha, says the obstructionist.
Senator I wish you well but Congress is not working. Our President has been hard at work for ALL of us & you @SpeakerRyan have been blocking
Hard at work on his golf game and attending feel good rallies on safe cities
No Sir I think you may be confusing Mr Obama who golfed while one of our journalists was being beheaded, certainly not Our current POTUS
Do you also believe in Munchkins
I do since I have 5 children, 9 grandchildren and 2 great grandchildren. I also love the Wizard of Oz. Oh were you trying to be funny 
Frances. Your picture does you justice.  That's funny.

Time to rid of  Rhinos
May your actions continue to speak louder than your words.
the U.S. has tryed to reason with Kim, N.Korea Never 
honars ANY agreement. if someone fired a missle in to your backyard what would you do?
You are a fake Democrat.
Maybe it's time elected officials return to not criticizing @POTUS while out of the country? #Shame #Shame #Shame

Its time you return to normal order, because your crazy like a liberal.

You're a war monger. Go Independent. Conservative only in an election year
Op-ed theme is 11out of 10. Now please stand up 4 those ideals. The time to RESIST the subversion of our rep democracy is now.
