What happened to learning valuable skills while serving? Seems as though service men are not being taught needed skills while serving.

Too bad it ignores most Vets, like me. Montgomery Bill, sep 1992.
Your service to this county in ALL you have done will be remembered forever! As the wife of a 23yr veteran, I am so proud of this deal!
You know if does not help you are your children right. Only new enlistes
Yep! I know that! Obama signed things that helped us and our kids, and this will help my oldest and his future children since he's joining!
What law did he sign that helped you and your kids?
#ForeverGIBill still left us gappers out.  From the end of your benefits to start of new GI bill are too many Vets.  Close the gap.

Hay how did you vote on that @SenJohnMcCain 

Before you liberals start attacking me check the rolls!
The POTUS is A BiggerTangibleThreat to this Nation Than Putin or Kim Jong.  Anyone who CanConnect the Dots can See that Trump should be gone
Doesn't seem like this really does much for me. Unable to use it in time for economic reasons, so I lost it. I never cost you anything
And wants to go back and get my degree 1981-1985 service. Please help me understand this new bill, I'm also American Legionnaire.
OK sir what about vets who were in during Montgomery version of service, who didn't put money into the system like me? I'm 55 with no degree
I doubt it, your record for voting has always been NO for helping military members, families, or Vets You lost your way!
Let 'em give you hell. 
But you came through w/ that last vote, even though we were all worried, still the the hero. Congrats on the bill!
Mccain,as sick as you are you shouldn't be this nasty. What's going around coming around. Your punishment waiting around the corner.Traitor.
Go away!
Only thing you've been on the right side of.
As a vet, this is an open ended unfunded waste of tax dollars. A feel good bill from a do nothing congress,it only adds to our debt. Goodjob
Sure enough canary man
I am a veteran and I don't like you or your record in the senate. You need to #retire.
McCain go crawl back in the hole you crawled out from . This country does not want you any more . You screwed us over now it is your turn
Toot your own horn why don't you? Because you don't do anything else right.
The GI bill is bs!!!
Trump will take all the credit for it. Bigly.
Give blue water veterans their earned agent orange benefits
I give trump the credit
Way to Go!!!
I hear ya song bird!
.. What about the rest of America? Because we didn't unconstitutionally invade a country we get no handouts?
He not for veterns,hopefully he rots in hell for his misdeeds.
Lol girls,#McCain no war hero,but a pow,that road the curtailed of father#Maverick think not all stolen money under Obama.
McCain knows that saying there's a sucker born every minute and he thinks we're all suckers
And why after being trashed by the Russians he insults congress I think he is compromised and that leaves us weak.
That's good.  As a vet I am very troubled by the way the president is using veterans for political purposes. It's so plain to see.
#Veterans deserve this & more! Thank you to all who continue to support us after we no longer wear our #combatboots #army #navy #af #marines
I got my college education on the GI Bill, bought my first home with the GI Bill. Vets deserve every bit of help allotted to them.
Thank you Senate for passing #ForeverGIBill, it means a lot to Veterans transitioning back to civilian life.  For all the Veterans.
Thank you Senator!
Veterans still struggling in Arizona but ForeverGIBill is a BIG thumbs UP! 1st
Maybe you should have voted to replace Obamacare. Traitor
Yeah, but screw their healthcare!
They should have passed the repeal Obamacare but you were a Benedict Arnold!
It's a real achievement, thanks to the extended effort by the Senate. Good teamwork.
Nice to see you actually vote for something that you campaigned on.  #RINO needs to #Retire
It's funny how all the dems love McCain. Why is that? My husband is a vet living in AZ paying double for healthcare because he voted no.
Long time coming, thank you sir!
I paid money for the GI bill, had a great job for 9.5 years and needed to use it but it expired before processed, overnight homeless vet,
Great John passing shit for people who get very good health care and a college paid for, but screw us middle class folks right Hero
cute McCain. He shouldn't sign it just cuz he doesn't like http://u.lol  sound familiar John boy?
Why are you on Twitter u need to get that think in your head fixed because you are making bad decisionsGOD will show his hand for your lies
Just make sure DeVoss doesn't try to renig on this too.
Too bad you let the Country down with your Health Care Vote.  You need to be part of the Republican team and not the Democrats.
He is an AMERICAN first and foremost. As we ALL should be.
You stood alone in the health care vote. A set up from beginning to end.  You are a pos
Bubba gump.
Bottom line should always be, if you serve your country in the armed forces, this country should ALWAYS take care of you and your family.
Vets have been given so many empty words, so many promises not fulfilled, I just hope this isn't more of the same. Vets deserve the best.
Well I only got to use my gi bill for 1 semester before time ran out.would be nice if they would retro.
THANK YOU JOHN McCAIN!!!!
Nice, but why isn't this retroactive to us post-9/11 vets? With medical problems, it's hard to complete classes.
@realDonaldTrump I hope congress and media is happy for putting us on a collision corse with russia over fake collusion hysteria scary
Didn't you vote against Sen Obama's GI bill for fear college education would reduce military personnel?
I noticed you're Tweeting a lot here lately, and yet, you still don't communicate with your constituents. That says something.
I applaud the efforts underway for your recall
Wonderful!!!

Sell out
Stumping for votes
retire
Credit where it is due. This should be passed. Those who serve our country, the country should serve in return.
Thank you sir!

Our veterans deserve our best because they gave their best for our country.

Our country needs a person with strength and courage to speak on our behalf. That's why we look forward to your return. Prayers said.




@SenJohnMcCain Nobody is interested in what you do or say anymore. Fool me once shame on you

You forgot Senator that hundreds of thousands of ur Vits are homeless & experiencing psychologal problems from ur wars of option !!
.... Yes one of those vets with psychological problems is john McCain
Thx you for driving my father would have never gone to college being from a poor immigrant family without the GI bill
https://backchannel.com/thousands-of-veterans-want-to-learn-to-code-but-cant-7ed60c167a61?gi=d702dc73ead …
Seahawks should have run the ball. #FireHannity
Outstanding, and well deserved! Let's hope @realDonaldJTrump signs it and doesn't get cheap & want tax cuts so bad that he vetoes it!
Your legacy is saving Obamacare.  Sad embarrassment. Retire.
It is about time for Senator McCain to retire. But I have never been so proud of him as when he cast that deciding vote.
everything needs to be bipartisan
Go away you are unamerican
Whatever happened to the concept of joining the military to serve one's country?
Маккейн, ты пидор
Thank you. Please also addsupport for education everywhere though. Public education needs your help too!

Afgans already had 2,000yr old Government when #USA invaded; thus, why not Call a Loya Girga to end hostilities? Forced Our Ways on Locals.
Good stuff voting no on that healthcare bill John. You still need to excoriate Trump for being an idiot though, (remember the POW comment?)

Vietnam all over again!

