I'll pass if ur having that traitor on.....
Christian? LOL! You're a piece of slime. Just like the atheist Draft-Dodger-in-Chief. Traitor.
DELETE THE RIGHT?? What's that mean kill us all? What a complete hypocrite ur. I've found a lot of u in churches all over this country.
Yes. Real Christians. Not bigots like you. You voted for a conman, a draftdodger (who said not getting syphilis was his Vietnam), a fraud..
Fight?OCare architect you support believes your age and diagnosis prohibits you from care. Be an example for those not exempt-accept death.
https://youtu.be/kOSCOw50kos  "never gonna be president"
Glad you received  best doctors our tax money can buy.  Must be nice.
John McCain is a Vet.
The Mayo Clinic is a non-profit research hospital, locations all over the US.
Try looking online for a loc near you.
Never, ever liked him.
A life well lived. I haven't agreed with most your policy but always felt you were a good person. Save trump from sabotaging #AffordableC.A.
No thank you
@SenJohnMcCain I don't always agree w/ur politics But hands down U r a true American Hero! God bless u & ur family  @60minutes interview
God's karma for a traitor
No chance, traitor.
Must be nice to have my tax dollars pay your insurance. While I struggle to pay mine. Screw obamacare lies. Jus repeal it, not replace it.
Please live. Fight to live. We need you here and I am a Democrat...usually.
Senator McCain you're such An Awesome an fearless individual
I pray you are getting personalized cancer treatment..MD Anderson...and others...immunotherapy to target YOUR cancer cells! Jesus loves you!
Don't care you need to do your job with our healthcare
Thanks a lot Mr.McCain for Ukraine support. And hope you will win soon.
No thanks
Thank you Sir for your service and Thank you for the No and not killing ppl that need ins. Shame on selfish #russianGOP

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
I wish you well. #cancersucks Please insure people do not lose healthcare under the bill.  #GrahamCassidyNO
Ohhh, u haven't heard.  You have to pay for his insurance and yours too.
u want us to tune in for real ! when u ignore ppl in AZ & there struggling with high cost ins.hypocrite 
Paying more for insurance because I have a good job weighed against children not having any healthcare, is an easy choice for me.
No ones denying health care except for those who have an insurance card that isn't able to be used!! Give it a rest
Sure, when their parents have to choose between food on the table, a roof over their head and insurance, that's not denying the at all.
You are lucky to have good private health care, what about the rest of us?
Go away, your to old and sick to hold your seat
Выздоровления вам Джон. И не падайте духом.
I am so proud of #McCain for doing the right thing and standing up to a bully like #Trump
You couldn't pay me to watch MCCain !
Legitimately not sure you could pay me to watch a football game after this week.
I feel the same way. Sooo disappointed
Senator McCain, may God bless and keep you. With love from Ukraine.
Have u thought what u will say to God when he asks u why u voted no& allowed so many babies to die via not defunding PP via Graham bill?
We know why you r voting no: Your hatred & jealousy of POTUS. A sad way to end a career: petty& u r signing death warrant to so many babies.
Reagan said better to get half loaf now & go back later for rest, Your no vote=death warrant to babies via cont PP funding
if a DNA sample is taken of McCain's brain Tumor one would find Obama's DNA, and a sprinkle of George soros DNA

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are a liar and a traitor to the America people and the Republican Party. From hero to traitor ... you must be proud!
@shahnazfarzaneh God bless him
You are now officially a democrat - change your party affiliation
You deserve to celebrate a life well-lived. A grateful nation supports you. Thank you for showing us what honor and courage looks like.
Thank you for standing up for healthcare for those who need it most.
You are a hero! Thank you for your service to our country. We are soo lucky to have you! Wishing you all the best!
My mother, who is a Democrat, does not do social media but she wants to thank you for your service and that you are an honor to our country
Must be brain dead already, love to stick us with over priced healthcare, while he has the best in the world for free. Wish you ours!!
You are a great fighter, with morals and ethics. You will beat this. Thank you for serving America, with dignity and honesty.
Spaghetti-brain McCain on why he's got spaghetti-brain disease? Maybe got it by having sex with a monkey.
Loved the interview. Praying for you and your family. We need you Senator! God Bless!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbmIN16APS0 …
Its almost time to go home Johnny.
You sir are a Real Hero andy family and I pray for your Health.
Democrat Rick Lenchus.US Marine Corps
No thanks. #liberal
4/ AFFORD to use the healthcare they pay for??  What about us?  I have health problems too, but CANNOT afford use my EXPENSIVE plan.  
3/ copays, yet YOU only seem to worry about those that "may" lose some part of their current Obamacare plan.  What about those who can't ...
2/ those of us DESPERATE for a better option!!  I have to pay exorbitant fees to have healthcare, have a $15,000 deductible, & sky high...
1/ Sen McCain, while I wish you well in your own health journey ahead of you I couldn't be more disappointed that you choose NOT to help....
Prayers for healing.  Thank you so much for all you are doing and have done.
Please repeal Obama care like you said you would and quit doing TV sir
Who's the real Ben Marco?
I think old enough. Time to retire
I 'liked' this only to show my respect and full support of you and your next fight, sir. I sure wish this had not happened.
So you can talk about promising Repeal and Replace in order to win then stabbing voters in the back?  No thanks. Heard enough.
@MeghanMcCain FOUR ppl very close to me, in last 2 yrs discovered they had cancer. V.A. gave them run around, until too late
You Sir, are an example in every way. Thank you!
No. Too disappointed
No
@MeghanMcCain @60Minutes @CBSNews Wow, what goes around, comes around. Looks like @SenJohnMcCain is getting his.
Please retire now.  You've killed enough people.  #retirenowmccain
It's wonderful you can go to the best Drs. Meanwhile Americans are dealing with lousy medical care. #clueless #shameful #getittogether
Thank you for demonstrating what a true humanitarian can do.  You are a hero to so many, myself included!
Repeal or resign
You wouldn't dare go on Fox any more, would you?
You are in my thoughts & prayers.
Our country loves you, John McCain - a true patriot. You talk the talk and walk the walk. (Even if we disagree on policy issues sometimes!)
This man will always be a hero...45 is all but bad history.
Hell No!!
Great interview!
thank you for speaking out so candidly
It's time you resign you are a sick old deranged hateful man how could I have voted for you!
Have a lot of respect for you Senator even though we disagree on some issues.
You are and always will be my, and many other peoples' HERO Senator McCain 
Great interview. You're a courageous man in all you do. Praying for you too.
Sending you warm well wishes, Senator. You are a real hero and Americans know it.
Obamacare wouldn't pay for my cousin's treatment,  same as McCain received.
Sicking that you want to spend your days being Jealous over Trump stopping all of his agenda that's what you will be remembered for
You, sir, are a hero. I'm as liberal as they come but that fact is undeniable.
I wish so much that JOHN was our President and not Trump the Mad Man from NYC ! John McCain has more class then Trump !! HERO
It's always about you. When will it be about us. Stop blocking everything just because it's not your bill. Please retire now.
Why TRAITOR going to lie don't care about the past
Feeling great sorrow over the prognosis you received. I admire you, as do so many others. Ignore the trumpsters - we know they are hateful.
@SenJohnMcCain always been a supporter of you even though I don't agree with all your views but most times you do what's right so vote no
My husband and I watched. It was an amazing interview. We’re so proud to have your courage in AZ! Stay well Mr. McCain
Quit promoting yourself, 2nd this week!
Excellent segment on a true hero!  Even respect you more Senator, if that is possible. God bless you!
McCain you have a death sentence coming. So do slot of other people but they can't afford healthcare under the obama plan but you dont care
McCain you should know what it feels like to pay those premiums and deductibles on Obamacare that you keep defending. You are a traitor
McCain I don't know how you can sleep at night knowing you get the best and the rest get nothing!!!  You should have to be on Obamacare!!!
McCain it's a crying shame that you get the best doctors and Best care while people on Obamacare can't afford to pay their premiums!
Prayers and light to you and family, and thanks for doing the right thing, you honor yourself and the country, Blessings.
Sir,family & I not watching. Prefer keep memory of u as War Hero not a politician who sold us the ppl to the establishment. .
Great interview with a true American hero.
Great interview Senator McCain...
So very sorry. You are a true hero!
I'm not GOP, due to trump I am now anti GOP, but I am praying for you. I may not agree with you 100% but you are a good man and a hero.
Sir, TY for your service as war hero.As politician .At least you got treatment fast ; many are dying because the waiting .
I hope there might be immunotherapy that could help but at least please be as well as possible. Good thoughts for your family. Take care.
I don't believe you.
JohnMaCain, We The People Loves You So Much!! Your Our Hero In More Ways To Name Here I'd Need A Notebook! I'm So Hurt That trump Awful!!!
Nope
You turned on your best friend, your state and your party.
I'll watch Johnny, if you are going to announce your retirement.
No way you traitor   Liar and closed Democrat
Great interview!
I'm upset with you because of your HC vote but I'm praying hard for your health and fam. #ibelieveinmiracles


17 More Hindus Dead bodies who were killed by ARSA found in Northern Rakhine, total of Hindus dead bodies reached to 45 Now. 
Very impressed with your interview. You are one TOUGH guy and a true patriot!
Retire or turn in your Republican Party Card!  Thank you for your military service, wish you good health. Otherwise you betray America.
No one wants to watch a program about a back stabbing RINO.
Good thing for you we didnt have one payer health care. You would be in bad shape. I heard Mayo clinic doesnt accept AHA. So why did you go?

Sad that you're going thru what's happening. Hang on
Traitor
Senator McCain we are all praying for you, you can beat this ! Stay strong, you can do it ! Ty for standing up against trump on the HC bill
If more men were like you, oh, what a world it would be!
"Just saw you on PBS The Vietnam War" -a true hero -thanks so much for all you've done for this country!!
Care more about publicity then the people of Arizona
Im not fan at all of republicans  but its hard to not like Maverick @SenJohnMcCain
HYPOCRIT
Kudos to a brave man

Dear senator McCain. I may not agree with your political persuasion but I do wish you well in your fight against cancer.
You're a fighter & prayers be with you on beating this challenge. And also prayers that you'll come to the table and get health care done.
Missed it. Did you explain to your constituents why you lied to them to get reelected then stabbed them in the back?  Not right, not fair!
Sending thoughts & prayers. You ARE a HERO!!  You are respected because you earned it.

You need to resign
Resign
You are such a brave man. Our prayers are with you.

Nope... Tune into the American People.

Is your daughter now making your decisions for you? Asking for a friend.
How about stop with the interviews and actually get some work done. And be something other than the problem, be part of a solution.
where's the honor in screwing the American people just to get even with Trump? Arizona is paying 116% higher so you can  get revenge
Won't watch a hypocrite sorry 60 minutes
Why tune in??? We know he is a back stabber! Go enjoy your time with the family, my bro in law had this disease not a lot of time go enjoy
Great interview! All the best "MAVERICK" !
Wouldn't watch you or that crap. Get over yourself
I'm still praying for you. I pray you don't leave us too soon as there's still work for you to do for us.
Never!
So moved by this interview - your outlook, your appreciation of a life well lived and your takeaway from your time as a POW. Inspirational
Man.. 2 Dr visits in one day!! I know you don't have Obama care for sure now! Vote McCain OUT!!! Wake up AZ!!!
Unless you're announcing you retirement... Ill pass
We need you @SenJohnMcCain                to leave Congress You are hurting the American people. #REPLACE&REPEALOBAMACARE
I would not listen to John McCain interview on 60 minutes, because he is snobbish dumb ass rino. He loss 3 aircrafts, when he was in Navy.
2 aircrafts in training and 1 aircraft, being shot down over N. Vietnam, could been avoided. He was 4th from the bottom at Navel  Academy.
Watch you gloat about screwing the president and America? Not a chance.
The new msm darling! Liberal left loves him again.
Go away you loser
I thought it was a hemhroid
Once a traitor ALWAYS a traitor. Your illness is clouding your judgement. You now own Obamacare!
Sir, you are a great example of what a leader should be! You would've been a great President! Good luck to you!
You were a champion sir - know that @MeghanMcCain & @cindymccain were proud of you just like the rest of us watching were! 
Thanks for service to our country first and far most. It's hard for anyone facing death ,, sickness,, and terrible situations. God bless
Your self aggrandizing self promoting heroism are only outdone by your betrayal & lying. A Soros puppet.
Traitor
What about immune theripy brain cancer treatment that President Jimmy Carter had.
won't watch!Do what you ran to do, what you were elected to do or get the hell out of the way & resign! U don't care about ppl who voted 4 U
Can I tell us about your relationship with Soros
As a west coast liberal please allow me to say that you are the man. A credit to this great country. I just can't thank you enough.
Repeal Donald Trump. Replace with John McCain.
I'll pass thanks for the heads up
