Intro'd amdt w/ @JeffFlake to fully fund wildfire management as catastrophic wildfires grow in frequency & intensity https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=CE4D2DE5-92D6-424C-807D-8817C0935C2E …
Aside from the watershed(s)- your AG, real estate speculators, & real estate investor special interests need to understand impacts to them.
Two stars that are against our country want to help.
Retweet this to the president's account and I'm sure he'll take credit for the wildfires too.
Oh boy! If Flake think pairing with you on ANYTHING will help his reelection bid he is sadly mistaken.
Arizona's pine forests need to burn. That's normal. But the intensity is not. Mechanical thinning & prescribed burns are good. Thanks!
Remember Rodeo-Chediski fire, ravaged N AZ forests. My prop bordered US Forest. I removed all ladder fuels & for yrs asked USFS to do same.
SURPRISE SURPRISE: ARSONIST IS AN ILLEGAL:
Tax cut..... I am sure you can find a reason to vote no.
To bad a rino like you can not keep your promises
Climate change climate change climate change climate change climate change climate change climate change climate change climate change clima
We need term limits. McCain is so tied to special interests he is no longer representing AZ
Senators, you should talk to @AllanRSavory @SavoryInstitute who are already working with ranchers/farmers in AZ to restore rangelands and
use carefully managed grazing animals to reduce fire hazards, replenish ground water tables. Already some examples of what can be done in
the great state of Arizona
I do not support this measure. #moralhazard

Climate trends wont sustain your restored forests, & more fires will burn anything you replant.
81 million to Lipsey water for Harvey, they failed.  They changed their name and received millions for Irma water????????????????
Yes, we need to protect precious forests
Fine....out of your pocket...
John simply develop policy using the holistic mgmt framework & you will begin dealing with AZ desertification and fires at root cause level.
thank you!
Fire is part of forest ecosystem. Fighting forest fires abt $$$ 4 loggers & ppls home than ecosystem. More gov welfare 4 big corps & 1%ers.
Why don’t you start by cutting down and remove all the dead trees caused by bark beetles.
What can we do as "ordinary citizens"
Yes John and add  measure to do controlled harvesting, will really help on fires
Stop the removal and killing of the wild horses. They have a purpose in helping manage undergrowth.
Dry lightening starts most of the fires. There are RXburns going on now in N. AZ.
I wish you cared about you votes as much you care about trees. Lied about Repeal and Replace!
Tell this to Trump, Zinke and Pruitt & the rest of the band of science deniers!
That's a very Eco thing to do, will Federal agencies under trump let you do that?
Climate change is making the situation worse. This obviously won’t change overnight but need resources here as well.
Maybe harvest more wood every year?
What is up with this guy ? always after the fact, pandering for attention if you want to do something be pro-active,
If you want to do something McCain get tax reform done, replace Obamacare, build the dam wall, that is why we voted for Republicans.
You didn't care until it was your state.
How about mitigating/slowing global warming?
Tick tock old fart. Your sponsored dossier is going to burn you down
Is this all a plan to hide what your really doing?  Soros funded fires and there you are trying to act like your doing something.
THESE FIRES R DELIBERATE AND FORESTS R MISMANAGED BY DNR/FOREST SERVICE. THEY WANT THEM TO BURN.
WHO R U TRYING TO KID? THESE R AGENDA 21 FIRES. IN MONTANA LOGGERS HAVE WANTED TO PUT OUT FIRES WHEN THEY1ST START & R TOLD FS WILL SUE THEM
Thank you Senator McCain!
Thank you, hero. Protecting the environment is critical. 
Lmao all these democrats suddenly calling him a hero because he betrayed Americans and went against everything he stood for.
Should we join the Paris Accord to fight Climate change along with the rest of the world instead of siding with the Koch Bros phony science?
Try looking into effective and feasible prevention techniques and stop tying the money up in just fighting them.
https://www.facebook.com/alf.susaeg/posts/1413907112012088 …
You can also help by stopping the Trump regime's purge of scientists, and by rejecting industry lobbyists.
Ecosystem restoration critical....as we all know, these fires are due to long-term fire fighting policy and climate changes
If we can carpet bomb Iraq, Libya, Syria & Afghan then we can afford a national fleet of tankers dedicated to putting out fires in America.
Oh it's you and jeff now did you ditch Lindsey JOHN you have really had a bad case of the red ass here lately,
Good luck. Your party doesn't care much for them health of the environment. Time to change parties.
you and Jeff Flake should help pass tax reform instead of causing trouble in the senate.
Instead of restoring the forest why don’t you have Trump et al go and start mining it instead.  I’m sure his industry cronies would say yes.
The BEST thing John BENNIDICT ARNOLD McCain can do for AZ is RESIGN NOW.

The fake President has no interest in human life, nature, healthcare, dark skin citizens, women + children.
How about support climate change initiatives?
We don't have a President who gives a damn about the environment, nor people dying in fires, hurricanes + military.
Good luck  w ur r budget
U and FLAKE now want to do good? cmon just STOP. Ur not doing anything good in this life, ur 100% hellbent to make Trump look bad. SMH
thank you for your service, John McCain. 
You better get that done soon!! Jeffrey is NOT going to be around much longer!
how about we boost resources to prevent fires ! Maybe large open area between every 1000 hectares
Hey Johnnie, These Wildfires have been created by TPTB using 5G Technology and Chemical Trail spraying containing Nano-Particles. Wake up!
Boost resources to slow down climate change and you can moisten the dry, scorched land.
How about fighting climate change too while you're at it?
You should see #CaliforniaWildfires
Jeff flake is about to flame  out. Arizona must do better than the two nimrods called mccain and flake.
John your a good man with good heart trumpet got nothing on you for real 
You only care about yourself. Quit trying to fake the people of Arizona. Thumbs down and nay to you Mr Democrat
Yes sir!! How can we help??
Have you seen who runs the EPA and the Dept O Interior.?.you want resources that wont "profit" any corporation. Oh no, not anymore.
This is responsible effort Senators are elected to make.  Good luck.  In fighting California wildfires, great courage, much to learn.
Live in CA and house in Tahoe. We need the boost.
How about restoring the middle class?  That's right, there's only the Elitists & unwashed peasants that you crap on daily
Please look at increasing land management agencies' funds for fighting fires, and not take it from ops.
Please don't think that AZ can log their way out of having bad wildfire years, cause that doesn't work.  Climate is warmer, more fires.
Unfortunately ppl like you two cause more harm than good.
If you have good ideas you would helped healthcare.
You've saddened so many John.
How bout you just back our president . Respect the office.
Pork up a bill you mean.
Why not fight the beetle that eating the pine trees
Ironic that 2 guys on Trump's enemies list are the ones working so hard to protect their states from fires and to protect forest ecosystems
Start by retiring
I’m in
While we're considering ecosystems halt Trump's monetizing of wilderness areas and disapprove dumping of fracking waste into Gulf of Mexico.
How with the ridiculous tax cuts you both want??
Oregon's senators are trying to do the same, why not team up? Seems like something the whole West can agree on
You better get used to saying my fellow Senator from Arizona Senator Dr. Kelli Ward
Whatever you say works for me Senator. God bless you!
Start with letting it burn like nature has always done in the past
But yet you both voted for the anti environment in the oil industry pocket head of the EPA. Your words don’t match your actions.
Go after the Sierra Club instead.
Senator McCain you are one of my heroes in government,  you stand up for what is right, thank you for your no vote on Trunpcare,
Pine forest fires aren't a bad thing. The burning of pine cones is a big contributor to new growth.
Get out there with ur hoses and get the job done. What else do you do in the Senate but rant n thumbs down the majority of our country?
Thank you Senator McCain for your years of service to the American people, and thank you for standing up to the bully in the White House.
Like u care ur nothing but a traitor too America..
Wow. That’s a lot of acreage.
Retire
And God will be judging you http://soon.you  should be making amends not enemy's&trying push us into Owo.i had so much respect,gone!!
Re: Your remarks about God judging him SOON. HE will be judging you some day too. You're lecturing a man who may die soon. No class. Senator McCain has accomplished so much in his life no matter what party he belongs to. Let's hear about your accomplishments!
How by making it rain instead of the hurricanes you idiots have killed so many.las Vegas stinks to high Heaven!!God knows what your doing!!!
Climate Change.
I think this should happen but not only AZ i think for CAL. as well! We need more forest fire fighters with equipment & replenish ecosystem!
can you two remember any thing still
Finally a good comment.instead of suck ups!
My grandson just became a fire fighter. Before I did not pay attention to fires but as I learn more I understand how much this is needed.
@SecretaryZinke WHERE ARE YOU????
Restore the ecosystem is key to preventing future fires. We need all the help we can get. Thank you please pass it soon. CA is still burning
The senate is a blaze from rhino republican burning up the American elected agenda
They would send in more to help but they can’t afford health care in case they are injured thanks to you and the rest of the liberals
Just give us a tax cut and we will fight the damn fires ourselves, you liberal loonie!! #MAGA
Yeah maybe you both shouldn't've voted to confirm Sec. Hexxus -- erm, @EPAScottPruitt -- if you gave two shits about ecosystems.
How bout boosting resources for PR while your at it
All Americans and America's land is worth saving in these devastating times of natural disasters.. so please boost resources for PR as well
Sounds like a State issue,not a Federal issue
Thank you Senator, but we also need to do something about Global Warming. Fighting fires is a bandaid on an amputation.
How about living up to ur promises for Repeal/ Replace and Tax cuts u LIAR!!!
As long as it doesn't endanger taxcuts for billionaires.
Senility is sad.
I remember NPS doing that in the Grand Canyon in the 90’s.
Thank you for showing what GOP leadership can be/ should be.
Holy crap Batman, when will you do something for your peopled
Retire and go home and help
You need to join the Girl Scouts McCain.
Have you seen john mclain lately?
Jeff Flake and you should resign. Bad people!
Support the POTUS
wanna fight fires do more prevention cut the red tape and burn off the undergrowth that makes these problems in controlled burns
Trump wants to sell the land and harvest the timber. And we all know how much he cares about the ecosystems.
It would probably be a better use of resources to leave Mother Nature alone. Mother knows best.
You and Jeff flake are history #termlimits
Please retire
Why don't you ask the president what he... Oh, yeah, this is one of the things he has golf instead of doing something about.
Thanks John that should help out Jeff.   That is what his next election will be all about.
Is there anything we can do from Illinois to help?
You may want to examine forest management policies that interfere with the natural fire cycle that allows the build-up of fuel for huge fire
This is what veterans think of you John.
Traitor
And how about we acknowledge climate change and its consequences.
@kelliwardaz will be happy to help. Flake is on his way out. You need retire and spend more time with your elderly mother.
You’re too busy grinding your own political axes to actually help with something.  Just lie down and wait for your next obstructionist opportunity John.
might have to do a rain dance.
@JeffFlake is busy trying to take away health care.
And acknowledge climate change
Screw you, liar. You would probably just steal all the money, anyway. RINO.
UP YOURS MCCAIN !
I like you, John.
Fire suppression creates more fuel for larger fires. Just RETIRE Brutus
Try preventative like we used to do in Oregon.. our state burned So is cali SOMEONE NEEDS TO DO SOMETHING. I guess only hurricanes matter...
Planting trees would be a good place to start @SenJohnMcCain
And for that you need revenue & to get revenue you need to increase taxes. Can’t fight unwinnable wars & fires simultaneously with GOP plan.
Looks like your on the ball, Senator.  Busy getting good things done. Re-watching your speech is a good remedy for the blues. It's historic!
Thank you for your attention to this. It’s vital to all living creatures & elements. #SaveMotherEarth
Better hurry Jeff ain't gonna be around much longer. 2018...KELLY WARD!
even after you stole land from indians many many yrs ago, with a deal you and the late sen.kenndy did. shame on you. killing indians still
Why aren't you boosting Kate's Law, tax cuts, healthcare????
Agreed
Many western conifers need fire to seed. But that DOES NOT include (a) manmade by neglect or (b) account for GCC effects. Prevention is key.
It's been proven that the forest is healthier when it is allowed to burn and regenerate. Look at the research before you make it worse.
#DrillBabyDrill
Totally agree.  Divert funds from the bloated military budget.  Thanks.
Great how much you paying out of your pocket? Hmmm well the idea is good at least. Go fire fighters get all you deserve
Hopefully, since Arizona voted for @realDonaldTrump, you'll get more attention than CA got - then again - he hates you guys too - maybe not
Your gone don't worry about it
I am with you on that
You just to put more money into your foundation and screw over your representatives!  Resign!
Please impeach trump!
You and Flake are already history.
Stop new construction, plant more trees!!! Don't move the water around, Mother Nature can take only so much
You could start by recognizing climate change and offering legislation to study and combat it. #climatechange
Piss more tax dollars away on hiring more paid mouth pieces. More gov BS and control. Stay in your basement,you’ll be ok.
Its like something is changing in our climate or something? Who would have thought. You should run for office maybe do something about that.
Most likely there are a ton of hateful arsonists running around setting America on fire. #NapaValleyFire
Become Democrats and fight for climate change legislation.
There needs to be more prescribed burns when it's safe to do so. It's important for fires to exist and small ones are easier to control.
I'm guessing you're one of the reasons we have Trump. Wanna talk about that one?
:(
