How about supporting the Paris agreement..oh I forgot you have Russian money in your account..you can't do that.
That's the past..refocus in current times...I am a parent & I am in Science field..not bought by Russia & very patriotic.
Yes you sound well educated..toss it off on your way of doing things..please..
Yes that kind of person 4 wheel drive personality..my kind is the human kind jack ass..
Speaking of heat....Cuba is 60 miles from the US.  You've just allowed Trump to pay off one of his debts and have put Americans in danger.
Do u think climate change is a hoax?
If we had good healthcare, we might worry less about heat-related illness/injury. Do the right thing.
They're trying to destroy a man the people voted in&you're talking about the weather?Cowardly bunch in Washington.No back bone on any of you
Back our President & work on his agenda. Your job depends on it. Also, please Call off Mueller - Conflict of Interest. Thank U.
Get ready to enjoy some extreme heat of your own if you move forward with this secret Trumpcare plan. Demand full transparency NOW!
We don't believe you're actually taking a stand against Trump. Know why? Your wife will be working for the Trump admin. You're dishonest
Move along, nothing to see here. Climate change is a communist plot to sap and impurify our bodily fluids!
Don't worry tho - global warming isn't real... made up by China
#GlobtardAlert! Arizona gets HOT in summer like it does EVERY year! Taxpayers don't pay Senators 2b weather boys. Do your actual JOB & #MAGA
Can you tell them how to prepare for no health insurance?
Tell those under ocruma care that weren't dumped how to pay tripple rates.Why should I pay yours?
VA should accept and fill veterans outside scripts with no co-pay
Let's prepare for the extreme heat by admitting that 98% of scientists say there is alarming climate change.
Start w a new POTUS who believes in climate change.
Work on REPEAL & REPLACE! NOW
Где ты так хорошо выучил английский? В какой разведшколе? В какой-какой?.. Мать честная!
You need to get out of the Republican Party. You've become a Demorat! You're a vile, mean hateful old man. You've served enough time. LEAVE!
They can't John, they are too busy fighting against welfare freeloaders, Obama holdovers and you
REALLY! Global warming is a meth per your POTUS
But Global Warming Is Not Reality Right? YOUR COMMANDER IN CHIEF DOESN'T CARE IF FUTURE GENERATIONS ARE DEVISTATED BY CLIMATE CHANGE! DO U??
Tell me @SenJohnMcCain, how was the weather in Vietnam? Im sure you had AC or heat for selling out our own guys.
Seriously idiots, kind of important info ok? If you've ever lived in Phx during bad heat wave you know better
Spend your time on repeal/replace done. Whats wrong with GOP.  Cavalier attitude to push conservative agenda that people voted for is SAD.
Keep your kids and grandkids outside, they need to start getting used to it, only going to get worse and worse. Not that John cares.
Question: Will the secret Senate Healthcare plan include a medication benefit for seniors?
Repubs should acknowledge climate change and do something about it.
You know what's worse than extreme heat? Having a Russian spy in the oval office; as the head of a corrupt party that refuses to impeach.
Tip #1. Incorporate taxes on CO2 emissions in accordance with the paris climate agreement.
What's going on with Trump/Kushner/Putin/Russian Banks?
But Much Dryer Than Fla.A Window Box Hay A Hose, Fan into room  COOL!
Please do not act like healthcare bill is acceptable. Please get the treasonous cads out of the White House!
How about not gutting their healthcare so when some of these people get sick from the what a hospital trip won't bankrupt them?
Please retire
That's great advice. What about open, transparent hearings for health care reform?
Yes, that's great, but how about some outspoken "Maverick" style support for the Paris agreement?
Are you talking about the Mueller investigation?
Extreme Heat is also the name of my script about an MLB pitcher who also skateboards & stars in pornographic films. Looking for investors.
And as your temps continue to rise, please make sure to let @LamarSmithTX21 know your views on this
Save a lot of heat if you would keep that stupid mouth shut, lit of hot air for no reason
sir, it would be better if the US gov fights the carbon climate crisis. Trump and Repubs are the blocker. please lead on this issue
Oh, c'mon, global warming is a Chinese hoax.
Global Warming, Baby. 
How bout taking more than a minute and get us back into the Paris accord
How much did you say Putin was paying the GOP?
Have you apologized to @KamalaHarris ?? Still waiting
Well, why didn't GOP stand up against Trump pulling out of the Paris Accord?
Retire
It's only getting worse. Vote out the climate deniers.
Getting rid of Trump would be a great way to help global warming.
Then vote for people who actually believe in climate change.
now that pootin is finally going to get that big island in the caribbean he's always wanted, it's gonna get hotter
Putin’s stake in President Trump’s decision On Cuba policy
From the Weather?
Your #AZ constituents would be better served if you'd find out what's in the AHCA bill, realize it hurts Arizonans, and vote against it.
Or just don't go to a State that's a desert in summer months
Yeah.. Dems win Congress in 18..and Climate Control means something again! Dems 2018. The GOP horrors begin with Jon Ossof and GA6th..
Can you say CLIMATE CHANGE?!!
How bout I drop a big snowball in the desert.
And it's only going to get worse as climate change gets closer to being irreversible. More A/C use in cars & home means more emissions!
I admire the Senator, but ... an ill-advised Tweet given GOP's record.
Rino.
The heat is in the White House 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue is burning from idiots and bigots with
Like you give a shit about the health&well-being of people in AZ. We are not worried about the heat. We are worried about healthcare.
And it's only going to get worse. #ParisAgreement
Would that be due to climate change?
Keep safe, keep hydrated. If you think you've drank enough water, guess again. 

Also, keep safe Senator McCain. No late night ball games :p
climate change is real, idiots
U should go for long walk in desert
Does it involve convincing 51%of people that it's actually cold before they have time to check a thermometer?
#AHCA
how about telling #AZ that global warming will make their lands unlivable? @chevron @shell

We are warming the Earth's climate. Here's my take on @ed_hawkins' climate spiral, showing the global temperature change from 1850 to 2017. 
How deeply disturbed are you by the heat?
Or u could just not live in Arizona and choose not to deal with the heat has to feel like hell
Thankfully if they need medical attention #AHCA has not passed yet.
