THE USA IS NOT GOING TO WIN THE WAR WITH THE ASSAD REGIME???
YOU VOTED FOR DEVOS. Why?? Was selling out our children's future worth the ?
what a nightmare,secret prisons.By the way what's up with Guantanamo?
I only have one question.Where is the evidence?
Do you ever wonder how many Americans can find Syria on a map? Your vote today shows us you don't care.
Hey, so did you just vote for a woman who knows nothing about education to be in charge of educating our children?
who were the last 2 Education secretaries w/o looking it up?
I know the latest one's name when I hear it.  More to the point, I have confidence that if either of them
had had zero relevant experience, a blanket contempt for public education, & had made a total fool of
themselves in confirmation hearings, I'd have heard it on the news & made a pest of myself to my Senators.
unless of course no huge deal was made of it by the opposing party for political gain
An opposing party that let those things slide doesn't deserve their jobs. Come on; this stuff matters.
what "stuff" matters? Each party has always allowed the winning party to have their cabinet. Always. #Politics
- please work with potus to help Syrian people who suffer - we can make a great humanitarian gift to others that need help!
Trumps  buddy Putin pdobably very  HAPPY anout that! What do you think of Vlad now?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain & buds http://hugequestions.com/Eric/TFC/FromOthers/list-of-neocons-for-Iraq-war.htm … push wars 4 http://www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 …
it outrages us more that you armed ISIS and met with their leaders to destroy syria.
It breaks my heart and enrages me. Do Putin and his buddy @realDonaldTrump think it's OK?
and it should outrage you that Trump will be doing it to immigrants and Muslim within a year!
.WHY does POTUS want to help Putin kill Syrians, thereby help Assaud?I feel for the people of Syria who want justice &liberty.
I just heard that you and several other Republicans took money from Soros in 2016. My question to you is, WHY!
Bet little Johnny won't answer that one too busy being a traitor overseas
Terrible news. You need to make sure your Dem friends see this is what they are fighting so hard to bring to Am.
Assad called it "fake news." A strange similarity to the usage by WH, along with Alternative Facts.
.. Tulsi Gabbard exposed your lies.. U and Hillary were using Obama to supply ISIS.. all for a pipeline.
.. sure.. what are your sources? the SOHR? .. I'd sooner believe a leprechaun came to you in the night and debriefed you.
Thank you for speaking up about this. I hope we can do more for Syrian refugees. For now, I donate to @mercycorps.
isnt syria one of the 7 banned countries?
Keep speaking out despite the current man in the WH saying rude things. He really is awful. I appreciate the Rs standing up.
still better than ISIS
Almost as appalling as you arming Syrian rebels =ISIS .
our president seems pretty keen on Assad and how clever he is
AZ is deporting immigrants, families left behind. Local enforcement out of control! http://nyti.ms/2kSBljf  #boycottarizona
while mccain has killed over that many veterans of his own people.
Come on McCain we have bombed+ supplied weapons killing a hell of a lot more than 13K in Syria Your hands are not clean
actually sir what is disgusting the way the VA  has turned out under your watch. Fix the VA and do your job.
Appalling Reports US/UK drop weapons to Wahhabi nutjobs who like killing kids. You know your Saudi mates
what did you think would happen when you funded terrorists? You should be held accountable!!
Appaling news that you voted yes for Sessions and Devos when you know they are unqualified
@mercycorps This has been reported by at least two non profit humanitarian organizations in the area; incredibly sad,
Assad is Putins partner in war crimes. Trump is stacking the deck. Will the other Senators become Traitors protecting Trump.
U should also be outraged by Rajavi cults terror records too. MEK killed Americans too. What the hell is wrong u Mr McCain?
good friend of Trump's
@kals55 .we are outraged Yemen raid that killed a Navy seal-Ryan Owens
Hey, thanks to your party's guy in the WH, US will soon be Putin & Assad's ally. Thanks to craven GOP politicos like you too.
our president is not one of those people.
And how do you feel about all those Russian missiles going to Syria given that the WH has no comment?
Correct me if I am wrong, but Russia and Assad are buddy/buddy...is that because of Russia wanting a naval base near by?
He is aided by Putin. Trump wasn't even aware they were both preventing aid in Aleppo. #TrumpRussia #DworkinReport #resist
@LHBrok US and international boots should be on the ground.
had you won in 08 that would not have happened
, too bad so few Republicans appear to have a conscience.
But Senator, what could be the solution.. When usual "cures" in past were worst than those situations in middle east ?
these people your crying about you were taking money from story is getting released
.@SenJohnMcCain buddy, your party's president is pro-Assad
ExplIn that to Trump so he can stop idolizing Putin. Putin is killing Syrians.
should also rally support for travel ban! And building of the WALL! #Support our President!
This is horrific! And he disregards that it's a war crime!
so Assad is hanging people.  You don't care. They could be here and safe.
We are outraged and we want to help refugees.  What are you doing to fight the heartless travel ban?
what is the reason you voted for DeVos. I believed in you so there must be a valid reason. Wish you would share
so we should get involved in another war in the desert and imposes our ideals instead of letting the region fix its self?
when is the madness going to stop sir.
seriously? A conscience???what happened to yours last night? And on the DeVos vote, oh that's right...you took $ from DeVos!
and you support @realDonaldTrump who wants to ally w/ Assad & Putin. You're just as guilty of hanging those people
your a fake lost much respect for you after the way you voted yesterday. Stand up for what is right. Grow a spine.
After the Devos vote, how do you even manage to even use the word "conscience"?
.@SenJohnMcCain It's truly another #Holocaust. We need to help the #refugees, not keep them out! 
@PutinRF_Eng  backs him and so will his #trumpPUTIN puppet! @realDonaldTrump is his #moralequivalent
@CvvdIran Who takes you seriously anymore old man?
switch parties if you have a conscience!
if you John McCain would stop putting out fake news maybe ppl would believe you but you being a war monger this just fits you
thank you for spray up about Putin hopefully he will have more sanctions after what he has done to us with the election
I think it's disgusting what Assad and Putin have gotten away with both have committed crimes against humanity
Sadly, very few in our party seem to have a conscience...or a heart...or a soul. Please put party aside and do what's right.
Correction: I meant to say *your party. Ours is full of empathy.

why did you vote for devos? I'm so sad.
Is this being reported by MSM? Is it getting the attention of the liberal media? Show me the money????
May be UNSC new resolution on Syria prison killings is needed to interfere US in post Aleppo situations.
That doesn't make it ok to create war & overthrow a govt the way Obama & Hillary tried to do (and what you seem to want)!!
thanks heaven that you never became U.S. president, we would all be living in bomb shelters by now.
конечно,это же только ваше право
agreed, horrible - so what are we going to do about Pres Trump's cozy relationship with Russia and Assad ?
at times you show such integrity and then you don't on obvious decisions. #DeVosvote
it is very unfortunate that such a horrific crime is met by such a horrible silence of the free world. Thank you.
Like using gas and drawing the red line?Get the UN to do something. Sent the Saudis
so WHY are we not taking refugees? Didn't we learn a moral lesson turning away Jews in WW2?
where was the outrage during Obama's regime beheadings, burning drowning.
too busy being OUTRAGED by you!
you have no conscience, if u did u would stand up to trump
and we should be humanitarians to be the people of Syria #standuptotrump
Do you think we’re perfect?  Lots of killers.  2/2
Far too outraged about your vote for DeVos to care much about Assad. And to quote your party’s choice… 1/2
more appalling you stand by and let McConnell muzzle Warren. This is supposed to be a debate on whether Sessions is worthy
then do SOMETHING about it! Dump Trump. He's making a mockery of this country. Have you forgotten your leadership status?
CONSCIENCE! You should talk!
Conscience?  You speak of conscience when you voted for DeVos?  Your vote is appalling.
Why no tweets about DeVos? Explain your vote? Are you ashamed?  You should be.
Sen McCain, PLEASE do something about this regime!   It's NOT Republican... it's a dictatorship and we need you !!!!!!!'
vote on Devos is appalling  too! #CountryOverParty
and you've sentenced millions of American children to failure.
You know what outrages me? That your vote can be bought for $50,600.
you shouldn't have voted for DeVos
And tell me why you are against a little bit of time to vett immigrants/refugees from this and five other countries!
yep & lets squeeze putin for allowing it. We know #putin is scum why doesn't #trump?
your Presidents buddy probably helped. Stay the party line and sell out all Arizona people.
But the prez doesn't want to allow those fleeing Assad to find haven here.  Sheesh!!
see why people want safe haven?
speachless
absolutely horrifying. One heartbreaking story after another re Syria
While Trump adores Putin, he is backing Assads regime of mass murder. How will trump & Putin fight Isis from OPPOSING sides?
your conscience should be shaking after voting for DeVos. Not a man for the people after all.
Appalling reports from the US today that the education of our children was sold to the highest, inexperienced bidder.
how can you be outraged when you support a president who turned his back on them.
Our president is supporting a known murder who is in bed with the leader of Syria, Sad and disgusting.
calling on outrage from people of conscience is not selective. You should have recused from DeVos vote if you had conscience.
appaling reports you sold out to America's Youth for Betsy DeVos should outrage you. Oh that's right you are bought for.
Don't change the subject, it could happen here
and it all started with stupid & uneducated people, cause when you don't know history.. #Thanks4DevosNot
it should be an outrage to the administration as well.  But it's too worried about SNL skits and personally attacking judges.
your slobbering fealty to Orange Voldemort would outrage you yourself if you had any conscience or principles
how could you have voted yes on Betsy DeVos?
oh, senator.  You are such a tease.  You always make us think you might do something.
and we should do all we can to keep these people out of the US for fear they'll hurt us?  Just let 'em hang, right?
and your trump is buddy buddy with vlad who supports Assad . Republicans you are destroying USA and lives
I say again, please get Syrian who can be protected to the USA ASAP!
you sold children's education to the highest bidder. You're a liar just like that miserable boss of yours.
you know what outrages me? The fact that you voted for DeVos. Did your spine go limp during this vote?
@DrAlParsons @SenJohnMcCain It's not the only thing that went limp 

Me McCain maybe you and the other career politicians should have acted when Assad first attacked his people!
Yes. And remember, Assad is Putin's ally, and President Trump is an admirer of Putin. Not good bedfellows.
And government propped up by Putin.
where's your conscious?  You sold out to the lunatic who called you a loser for being a POW. LOST RESPECT FOR YOU! VERY SAD!
@JessicaGG25 sit down, John. You spent what little credibility you had confirming DeVos.No one will hear anything you say now
Y'know Ur right. But why th'heck did you vote 4 DeVos & miss th'opportunity to poke Trump (Assad's proxy bromance) in th'eye?
no whats appalling  is the democrates  putting americans in danger fighting the ban of unvetted foreigners.
#trump's behavior should outrage people of conscience as well. Instead party before country Republicans support & defend him.
Also an appalling report, John McCain put the interests of his bank account over the country's children with a Yes for DeVos
http://claysbeach.blogspot.com/2013/01/how-us-help-put-assad-in-power-in-syria_6502.html …
I am outraged about Russia's influence on our president and election meddling!!!!!!!
The American people have had all of you we can stand. Your secrets will be exposed soon and your fossil days are over.
really not that outraged, as today Republicans voted against millions of American children's education.
And still you seek to work with Putin/Assad appeaser Trump. Why aren't you pushing for Trump appeasement? Time's running out!
then we should not allow @realDonaldTrump to block Syrian refugees indefinitely. Are their lives less valuable?
- appalling report that Betsy DeVoe is now our leader in Education!
and ouir new president sides with Putin who sides with Assad, way to go
enabled by the Russians and emboldened by trumps apparent apathy
it certainly does; I'm absolutely outraged I couldn't stop it, but who let it happen?? Support .@realDonaldTrump ..
You might want to share that with President Bannon and his puppet.
this is absolutely horrifying! We must stand against war criminals like Assad! So many lost lives; it's heartwrenching
What about the outrage for our public schools? You could have done something. Do not lecture on conscience
Clearly the administration is neither outraged nor concerned. Thanks for voting against our kids' interests. #WeRemember
Please you really don't give a...You've been paid off by the Russian's too
savage and unconscionable
why did u vote yes on DeVos? What has happened to you?
..and what has ever happened to the wide spread chemical bombing of Serians many months ago?
explain that to the President
why did you vite yes on DeVos? #SHAMFUL!!
But, johnny boy, didn't you vote aye for all the trumper cabinet nominees?? Quickly losing respect for republicans.
2000 years of barbarian actions from that part of the world. Hasn't been fixed yet. 894/899
Agreed. Now what?
Humanitarian corridors, safe zones, and no-fly zones in Syria should, IMHO, be on the agenda straight away.
you should be outraged with your GOP colleagues and President with no conscience.  Speak UP senator!!!!!
that's nice thanks for sharing and u will do WHAT?
Deflecting from your SHAMEFUL approval of DeVos.
appalling is how you could vote for DeVos
outrage begins at home! Did u vote for Betsy?! SAD
vote NO on Sessions!
you should be ashamed of yourself today.
you were a prisoner of war you had honor your fellow republicans have sold America out to fear of trump GOD SAVE AMERICA
republicans afraid of trump don't care they put their jobs and fear of@trump tweets before democracy & country shameful
won't bother Putin. He'll sleep well tonight
Yeah, but I'm more outraged here at home bc of your #DeVosvote
But Mr McCain this is who P Trump wants to work with.  Assad is Putins side kick and Trump is Putins. It all makes sense.
and yet no Republican cares our education system is going to be destroyed. Thanks for nothing
You had an opportunity to make up for unleashing Sarah Palin on America today and you totally blew it. Your word is 
