When will you stand against the obvious damage being done to our nation by a clearly mentally unstable POTUS?   You are better than this.
Yes because we have f*cked the indigenous peoples for too long! We broke every treaty we signed with them. @Potus hails Jackson the killer!
Senator McCain do your research - look to your own State's failed voucher system - helps the wealthy pay tuition - no accountability
That's good. But when the heck are you and your comrades in the GOP going to do something about Loose Lips Trump? He's dangerous for USA
Calling bullshit on this; DeVos wrecked MI schools giving underprivileged kids "options" .. they ended up with shittier for-profit schools
Please tell me this is not through private schools!  NO DeVos delusional thinking.
@realDonaldTrump take notes. You could learn a few things from this man.
About Johnny's LUST for war?
How are you doing that as devos is destroying education?
Well done Senators. The Native American community needs help. Let's do the hard work.
Good luck with that with Betsy DeVos heading Ed.
I teach 4th grade in OK public school. Due to underfunding, class sizes r up, services r stretched and vouchers are the answer? Not right!
Fix the damn schools fire the bad teachers and hire new ones... how freaking stupid can we be???
Thank you Senator.
try working on tax reform and healthcare bill
Exactly!!
Great, good for you John....  Now concentrate on tax reform and healthcare, please!!!
Mr. McCain please remember not to remove pre-existing conditions my wife was just diagnosed with breast cancer, we need are ins.
All these years in office you've done nothing for anyone especially Native Americans
All Americans should have access to education
What about DeVos cutting funding for education? Did u vote for her?
Most people coming out of public schools have been failed by the government.
Can we start by removing @BetsyDeVosED from her position which she is not qualified to hold?
There is so little industry on the reservations. You need to get the parents employed and involved. And the kids need better facilities.
All of the US public schools need improvement. Wasting taxpayer money on private schools is a crime. #AZ
It's about time you got back to work for your constituents. Stop spending taxpayer money for your global jaunts and do your job (or retire).
Hit the nail on Johnny's head.  Jmc is done mentally!
John thanks for focusing on the most invulnerable in this twilight zone where "Mrs. Amway" is gutting public ed to boost the privileged few
Can't you go away?  You are annoying. Retire and get out of Washington DC
Respectfully, Senator, isn't this just abandoning the schools that need help and allowing more children to fall through the gaps?
thank you senator. that is better.
Isn't that true for the Africa American child as well? How come you do nothing to help them?
Thank you for that. Get it passed.
Saudi Arab is a terrorist state where Osama Bin Laden was born and it terrorises neighbouring countries and its nationals
Tell Betsy!
Interpreted as "more taxpayer$ for entitlements to non taxpayers" @SenateGOP really? @SenJohnMcCain Then complain about $ for wall #wackjob
Did you vote in Davos?
Your so transparent, buying votes. Panhandle to stay in power. Go home rich boy
Come do a motivational speech. Show us how much you care. Don't put us in more boxes.
Thank you
I grew up on a reservation,and I don't think this is needed. Why don't you visit a AZ rez and ask youth.
Thank you!!!
Crickets from u re DJT lies,obstruction,and now using fake news to put 10k troops in danger...where the hell are u..disappointed with u
Thank you John.
Why are the schools failing?
Great now how about you focus on the topics you were elected to take care of oh and maybe support the President
Do something about the kook in the WH and then we will start listening to you. You plan to throw millions of poor kids off Medicaid as well.
One can't teach Old Fog Znew Tricks by throwing a Bone.
Aren't they were the same people who abused the federal housing money ?
Vouchers do not fix the problem. It's been proven many times over. #NoESA
Just like all public schools in Oklahoma.
Most American kids, not just natives are stuck in failing schools. Might need to throw more money at it McCain.

How bout healthcare and taxes?
Betsy D has the fix for that. School choice. Or don't you @senJohnMcCain like her either.
Department of Education has failed us, time for it to go.
At this point in time, all kids born to US citizens are native and need equal support John.
Too bad @RealSheriffJoe isn't 10 years younger. He'd be a perfect replacement for you.
Nice, now can you #impeach the #unfit president who calls our major allies "pathetic" after terror attacks? #25thAmendment #TrumpRussia
Excellent bill Senator McCain. They have been ignored for far too long.
Senator....Native American youth are "stuck" in federally funded school system! Fix that!
Many, many BIE challenges. But we're proposing boarding school vouchers now? Schools often in remote locations. Are services even available?
Because the last time the gov't had Native American kids go away to boarding school, that went great. No trauma & abuse there. Nope.
Exactly.
Why are they failing schools? All the resources of the feds, who's being held accountable? That's right, failure is an option with the feds.
Nice to know that SOMEBODY is governing...
How much does your "foundation" get?
You mean a republican doing something for others less fortunate ?

I'm sure the Americans killed and wounded on D Day look at you and are glad for their sacrifices.
Are you joking? How about repeal #Obamacare, tax reform, infrastructure, border security, on and on. In 2018 you need to go.
RUSSIA
Integrate them into society, close the reservations, and they will flourish.
yeah let's privatize schools so that all kids fail equally tuitions won't get to high, look at college! Ohhh
Is DeVoss supportive?
