@VP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump i never met USA-SKorea Foreign Ministers. SKorea @TheBlueHouseKR n SKorea Gov loored me by Press. Press.
Anti Israel bias is increasing because Israel's bad behavior is increasing. Israel needs to stop expanding its settlements
UNESCO denies Jewish history and literally solely targets Israel. It's despicable. Of course, leftist antisemites support that
Of cause Trumpist resorts to accusations and labels. As a Jew very proud of her religion and ancestry I find the antisemite  comment obnoxious and prejudice. As a life long centrist I find the leftist comment ignorantly humorous.  Together their a Troll parody.
I don't think you understand. UNESCO denies Jewish history and erases the existence of two temples
I do  I am not defending UNESCO but while I do not expect EU to defend Jews I do hold us to a higher state in relations to creating gated Ghettoes Work curfews and segregated areas of poverty & starvation.
Bibi's expansion of settlements around Hebron. Hebron should be a joint Holly site. Not a political custody battle. I am torn I love my heritage but hat to see it's salvation based on tatics we ourselves were abused by.
Hebron should be a joint holy city. Unfortunately, under any "peace" deal, all of Hebron would be in a Palestinian state.
Why. Why couldnt it be a joint holly city
Why do I care so much about Israel. Nobody has ever explained that to me
Over 6 million Jews were slaughtered at the hands of Hitler's Nazis.  The handful that was left helped make Israel a great nation.
The Americans who arrived at Nazi death camps at the end of WWll realized what they had been fighting for. I am a child of a WWII veteran.
As am I
Let's shake hands fellow veteran child and call it a day.
 Have a good evening
Thanks.
Huh???  Israel is a UNESCO member. 
ISRAEL  ISO Code: IL Joined Unesco: 16/09/1949
They announced their withdrawal today
Israel did? I missed that, thanks.
Don't necessarily disagree but its  another leadership role this administration is removing us from. The world is better when the US leads
In what way has UNESCO been anti-Israel? I worked for WHO for 20 years, and we were not to have that kind of  sentiment.
This is not the right way to defend Israel. This shows weakness than Strength. Reminds me of Iran pulling out of international conversations because of Israel or women’s rights...very stupid move
"anti-Israel bias is increasing"...what a brown nose. You should run for the Israeli senate.
You failed the people but glad you are in this
Just stop! Admit you are a dem
He isn’t. He’s what Republicans used to be. Sad that real Republicans are rare today. #GOP once stood for more than self-interest.I miss it.
The Repubs of yesterday are the ones that need to be most feared. They are out for nothing but self gain.
By yesterday, I mean those who served 30+years ago.  Not ones of yesterday still in office today.  Todays GOP cares about 1 thing -itself. 
I can agree w that statement. How does a politician always become stinking rich on govt salary?
Are you OK annexing Israel as 51st State?
Very surprised you think this when so many orgs & world leaders closer to situation think strongly differently. No way to get better deal
Piss on Israel they have no other agenda but their own.
Why don't you introduce a bill which will ban any contribution to anti-Israel funding?
Look at what Israel is doing. My question is why aren't we showing some bias? Stand by them but stop ignoring Bibi's actions.
Back to towing the party line , I see. Can none of you think independently ??!!
Bc it's easier to get people to listen to you when you're not at the table?  
You don't care about Israel. You'll drop us Jews off at the dunghill to get a better deal on that
D*m*ed Arab Oil.
#CancerIsGoodForYou!
It that is right Mr. McCain, than why not closing UNESCO completely? Is that in your and US interest ?
Israel is a leech on our Treasury that commits war crimes against Palestine with OUR weapons of war.
Why do u think anti Israeli sentiment is growing?  Retire John.
Get ready for WAR!
Will you PLEASE rally REPUBLICANS together already and get him OUT????
Enough is enough!! THIS IS NUTS!
Agree
Retire over the hill and useless!! That's why we need term limits!! Try getting a job like most of us!! No hand outs retirement or top health care. Drain the swamp starting with you!!
Oh come on. How can you be pro-israel when they treat Palestinians like animals?
Really ???
Just shut and go AWAY..TRAITOR.. NEVER FORGET
A racist violent DT isn't helping any of America. Take the buttons away from him or change the codes and don't tell him.
Support POTUS or resign!
You guys sure hate Palestine... and heritage sites apparently 
#votejohnmccainout
The Jewish money is nice for the GOP too. Who do you think you’re fooling with this anti-Israel BS. Everything you go is for profit #GOPLies
General Kelly is leading us to slaughter.
Check out @maid4hack’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/maid4hack/status/918838942014853121?s=09 …

Must see!
Must see!!! 
Disagree Senator!
Senator McCain: You understand trump is doing egregious harm to our democracy.  GOP must intervene now.  He is increasingly imitating Goebbels  with his deliberate lies.  Intervention today, not tomorrow!
Best for America for you to take a long vacation
Say it with me PRESIDENT TRUMP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hr37eE0nO8 … face the truth coward. trator.
No, John. This is another example of the US withdrawing from the world community for no reason. I guess our time to lead is nearing the end!
So Senator, what are you guys going to do for all the low income folks who are now losing help with their ACA premiums? #Notaffordable
Please do something about Trump trying to repeal the ACA....AGAIN.
@realdonaldtrump is CRUEL, a liar rapist racist mobster + traitor, Deliberately destroying American lives! #treason $uck$ Stand up for US!
You country is america but your mine is Israel .
@VP @SpeakerRyan https://www.cnbc.com/2017/10/12/gm-plans-to-temporarily-shut-down-detroit-factory-report-says.html?__source=Facebook … real news? fast than my prediction or just junk car?
Honestly McCain your opinions don't mean a hill of beans I have many friends in AZ healthcare collapsing deductibles over $5K can't go to Dr
McCain is an A--- Hole for trying to stop Middle Class Tax Cuts! Hope he burns in HELL!!!
UNESCO could lead elemantry education world wide
In all seriousness, how much is it anti-Bibi and how much of that sentiment has he earned?  Different from being anti Israel.
@VP @SpeakerRyan i want change China n SKorea Presidents n give purnish to before SKorea Presidents n SAMSUNG-HYUNDAI-KIA n relates.
So the rest of the world and more than half of the US are biased??? According to the 'bias" def, GOPs are the ones who are biased. Shame.
@VP @SpeakerRyan i rejected aided China, SKorea Presidents thretend n made car accidents to me. Q-now USA President is?
One must be curious about an increasing bias, @SenJohnMcCain. Limited? Then dismissable. Widespread? Needs a deeper look.
@VP @SpeakerRyan i'm not support President Xi n PM Li. They deceived me with SKorean for China. SKorean Presidents pressured me n pressure.
Another successful "withdraw and replace" plan?
Fix what trump did to health care please
Really? We can simply live in isolation?
Please please please I beg you can we please start impeachment process on tromp he’s trying to make this country and white country only
Hey old man get up! President Trump stuck it in your ass yesterday and saved the American people just like Trump save the American soldier 
You'll know anti-Israel bias if Iran gets their hands on one of Kim's bombs.
Wrong. The Jewish people are good people. It's their government who is rotten. Traitor McCain.
Israel is not without sin. Perhaps global bias against Israel has basis.
@VP @SpeakerRyan Trump's way is close to businessman. Now need strong man for save economy. Someone must get Cross for Country.
@VP @SpeakerRyan Strength inner market is point by Citizen workers. Canada n Mexico get warning is right. They got many benefits from You.
It's increasing BECAUSE OF TRUMP.
Too many withdrawals and abandonments lately. That's no way to lead the world. Who leads when we sit out?
@VP @SpeakerRyan Camp Jackson. Can aid me?
NAFTA. Canada n Mexico ally for their profits. You must break is right for your citizen n workers. They got benefits 8 yrs.Need wall, a time
WHO CARES WHAT YOU THINK YOU OBSTRUCTIONIST. DO AMERICA A FAVOR BY RETIRING. DINOSAURS ARE EXTINCT!
?, Someone needs to take your temperature. RETIRE Brutus.
I'm a Democrat and I think the John McCain this is one of the only real Republicans left that has a heart and a mind
I am more concerned about the erosion and undermining of our own democratic institutions under this administration. You should block T. pen.
No, Senator. US needs to help from within. Not spit out it’s pacifier & walk out.
Why is this an issue right now? I can think of a few things more deserving of the President's attention
so y’all are withdrawing because #UNESCO wants to tell history from both sides rather than wat u say it shld be ? 
Would you please replace yourself and retire. America needs for this to happen John. We are moving forward you're not.  @POTUS
That's rich, coming from u. U applauded Stevie Wonder's shout out to u. He's a strong supporter of BDS movement against Israel.
The cancerous one claimed to be a patriotic POW war hero but remained silent while NFL degrades our flag. Very brave
But being ant-palestinian is okay?! I call bullshit. One culture over another?  BS
The rest of the world hates Israel. What are we missing?
Support Israel is right than Israel's oppositions. My view is disputable...i'm not change my opinion to Israel.
Please start process to impeach Trump. He must be removed, he is tearing our country apart exec. order by exec. order.
Remove 45 Admin-dangerous NK, treason,inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying wasting $ travel #nullify2016
Dear God, you agree with the president.  We all need a sedative after reading this.  Be still my heart!
Don't support anything he does. He will only disappoint you. You know it's true.
Are you going to fight for our healthcare?  We need your help against.  Congress must step and subsidize the marketplace.
You're wrong McCain - dialogue is what US is unable to manage - no global leadership
On this I respectfully disagree senator McCain since as you have always said disengagement never works in the long run.
And Israel should be admonished for the things they do that are illegal. Ignoring it just gives them grounds to get away with more.
WORNG- they are committing crimes against humanity.
Good McCain.
I am an American.  Not an Israeli.  We should not be taking sides anymore.
Trump defends people carrying actual Nazi flags but UNESCO is anti-Semitic?
Good point. didn't he say some of the white supremacists are "very fine people"? 
Nope
Please just retire McCain
But I thought kushner fixed all that?!
Anti Israel.???The United Nations have supported Israel from day one'
Ummm, Obama withdrew funds what, 5 or 6 years ago? Get your head out of your ass John!
Help The American People or all GOP who care less about us drop out of office. You are enabling Trump to hurt the ones he is suppose to help
Millions of AMERICANS to be stepping stools for you and the President. Honestly I'm tired of being neglected as an American Citizen. Either
Wrong.
I can’t comment on our withdrawal as I’m not informed on the matter. However, who doesn’t love the @UNESCO World Heritage Sites! They rock!
Israel is NOT the pristine naton you want it to be and you know it.  They have committed war crimes against the Palestinians and we help.
I have now lost all respect for the GOP and South Carolina Senators and Congressman. You have let this man to push you around and caused
need to do something about this now before it's too late. And please do not send me that lame letter you guys send me. I could care less.
#UNESCO should not be allowed to become another political bartering chip for ANYONE, including judeo-christian zealots, Sir !!
Government gets sued for AMERICAN PEOPLE dieing don't look at Obama it will be on the Republicans and President Trump's hands. You Gentlemen
I told you the only way OBAMACARE would fell is if President Trump would do something to cause it to fell, and he has. So if he and the
Trump has argued that Democrats will take the blame ,public will point the finger at Republicans for Obamacare problems under Trump's watch.
NO nation has done MORE HARM to the United States Military than ISRAHELL.
MR MacCain,al fin hablantes algo
que esta'en concordancia con nuestro
Presidente.
I mostly  you, but not sure this is a good move. Im@oro Israel but also hope that peace can  prevail Palestine.  thy neighbor
Duck Israel
Why should anyone care about your opinion when you have failed the American public on KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS AND HEALTHCARE????
Maybe true sir, but I think that Israel's slim majority could learn from your regular process admonishment. They have traded ethics 4 power.
HARVEY WEINSTEIN wanted JANE. FONDA  to give him a Blow Job.    Bunch of Us Nam Veterans that would Pay  for that VIDEO
Please retire and care for your health- u clearly are against what we voted for
Wrong.
If 175+ countries say you are doing things wrong, there is a word for that, sir: Democracy.
You and I know its not that simple or one sided. Mr Netanyahu has also played his part.  Blame and responsibility on all sides.
Disappted that u, of all senators,would support withdrawal,& ignore Isrl human rights abuses & denial of self determination 4 Palestinians.
Hmmm????
McCain has been f'ing things up since the Forrestal mistake that killed his fellow servicemen in 67. He is a traitorous POS.
You're wrong
Are you Israeli or American? Let me guess... You are being funded by a certain lobby! What will you do with the money cannot take it to hell
Wait...they might be bastards...but they’re OUR bastards?
Booo!
Sorry to say you r on wrong side   At this stage of life  be truthful support Israel  is u r right  don't deny rights of palest Ian
Senator this problem was created by Britain and league of the nations USA and United Nations cannot escape from rendering justice
Do you  wish this issue  to continue till next century while president is commited  to resolve since day one in office
You talk about anti Israel bias then  persuade     Other western countries to follow don't be one sided please
I  do not deny israeals  right of existense which is reality but Netanyahu needs  to give up his aggressive attitude and expanist policy
Wrong answer - try again
When Trump allows white supremacy to go unchecked he has no legitimacy in this game#trumplovesaltright
Why do you let 45 take my healthcare from me?
.@SenJohnMcCain #UNESCO Please explain why Israel is still a member then?
Why is it increasing John?
Can't the House or Senate put a stop to this madness?
Oh come on, @SenJohnMcCain UNESCO? Really?
Ur irrelevant since you started voting for $, just resign our country walls to make it but cant with crooked politicians go away plz
get us out of the un.
Wrong decision
You're a traitor to your country McCain. You don't deserve the office you hold.
Who has more influence in US elections? CitizensUnited/Big Corp and lackeys at SCOTUS, Putin, Israel or FOX/ Murdoch #Putin late to the game
WHAT???  Senator McCain, snap out of it. No need to withdraw from UNESCO.
So you have AIPACs pocket lint in your hair, eh John?
Flip flop flip flop
Maybe Israel should stop being such bastards to the Palestinians?
While I would agree that anti-Israel bias is increasing, please do not assume that all anti-Israel sentiment is necessarily biased.
Despite our alliance with the state of Israel, the Israeli-Palestine conflict has engendered negative attitudes toward Israel in good people
We stand with Israel
Looks like your thumbs down just got Trumped by an executive order, your legacy is gone
@SenJohnMcCain Is it #FakeNews Sessions ruled #Trump #Kushner can destroy #POTUS records? Nice move#CROOK Needs visit from #FBI about 3am!!
No it's not and you know that Senator.
With all due respect sir, Israel needs to stop building on the Golan Heights, and allow the Palestinians a separate state.
Racist USA and the apartheid state Israel: two peas in a pod.
Omg. My heart almost stopped ! U agreed on something !
Hmmm McCain. Nobody cares what you think. Go get healthy and enjoy the golden years away from Washington.
How is not kowtowing to apartheid imposing Bibi in any way anti-Isreal ?? Anti-apartheid yes ... and why is USA their bitch now ???
Hateful Isreal!!
When will you live up to your word on Obamacare??????
It doesn’t matter what you think. Retire!
Hey John...how's healthcare 
thanks again for all your help said no one!
Fine... but what about this unstable insecure man leading your party... he is dangerous... why are you standing by him?????
Bad form sir.
Finally u praise Trump
Who cares about Israel John?
Please retire.
Ok, can you please talk about how my healthcare just got f-ked today.   Am 62 yrs old. Glad you had the best money could buy.  what about me
What ? You agree with something the administration did ? Wow, you are such a great politician....your time in Washington is very short..
And who receives the most aid from the US, Puerto Rico? Naaah, you know the answer.
Palestinians deserve a homeland, just like when the Jews wanted and got rheirs. It will stop the bloodshed.
John do the honorable thing and impeach DJT. The world is simmering and he is poring gasoline in it. What will it take for u to save USA?
All your bravery and heroism will be for naught if u do not act.

He is acting as a dictator and destroying our healthcare with no plan.
towing the evil party's line.
U mean anti apartheid senator..dont u??
Yeah cause calling out the Democratic Jewish state nearly every single time and never Saudi Arabia, Iran, or DPRK is "anti apartheid"
Denying Jewish history in Jerusalem and Hebron is just so "anti apartheid". No. It's ANTI SEMITIC.
Palestinians have been there just as long..and they never left..or mass murdered jews..like isrealis have done to them
1) they are Arabs. Not from Yisrael but descendants from Arabia
2) Hebron massacre in the 20s
2) grand mufti of Jerusalem w/ hitler
3) Hamas rocket fire 
4) Arab war on Israel for the last 69 years
5) Hezbollah 
6) terrorist attacks 
7) PLO terrorist stipends 
8) stabbing
Rocket fire lol..wat a fuckin joke..for every isreali that been stabed 20 Palestinian children been blown to bits by ireali bombs
What a joke? Israeli civilians have been slaughtered by terrorists. Hamas calls for the destruction of the Jewish people. Never ever again
