Congrats!!! You are a true Lady!!!!
I guess your mother did not know what a huge traitor you really were during that time... Traitor John
Mr. McCain, this is a late response to this, I know. But your mother seems like such a lovely person. Many more years to you both.  ~Mindy
Happy Birthday to your beautiful mom!
Happy Birthday. She looks wonderful!
God I hope you don't live that long
family of wicked people. She shall live long and suffer
WE ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOU WORKING HARD IN WASHINGTON FOR ALL AMERICANS-THIS IS FROM A BLACK WOMAN IN NYC!!!  YOU ROCK!
That's amazing..What a woman...Great looking family photo.
.did they know you are an War Criminal & bomb areas with civilian populations and drop Napalm in Vietnam. Happy Birthday.
Geez hope you're not still in office when you're 105
She looks every bit as beautiful as ever. You are, indeed, very blessed!
that pool little girl from india need to lose weight
so thrilled your mom is 105! Listen to her, and follow through. She was your foundation!
Has the POTUS seen this pic?
Great pic!! Thank u 4 sharing it. Congratulations 2 your mother.
..the sudden afraid to call him out!? They need to do what's right and stop trying to be in his clique. You are our last hope
...unAmerican and dangerous for our country. This is embarrassing! Our president is delusional! Why are Republicans all of ..
Trump thinks he is a king. Please continue to stand up for OUR party! His lies, and those who keep quiet and agree are ...
You are our party's only hope. The rest of the GOP are kneeling to Trump, attacking /silencing press, reps, company's,etc. ..
my Great Grandmother had the same warm smile. She was loved by all.
Happy Birthday to a Wonderful mom, gmom and ggmom!!!
wow!! Happy Birthday to Mama McCain!!!
Congrats to her.  Looks like her son, the crusty old sailor, has a shot of being around for a lot longer.  That's great
Hope this pain in America's Ass doesn't live that fucking long. Retire you senile old Bastard
Wonderful!! I so wish you were The POTUS
yes you are!
Happy Birthday to your mum from Kenya.
Congratulations 
I imagine her pride when you endorsed a man for President that called you a loser for being a POW and who advocates torture
happy birthday!
Congratulations Senator....You are blessed to have your mother
Yes your families are blessed eating off of tax payers money.
You are blessed with having your mother by your side.
- DeVos? Really??? I will vote against you from this point forward. Btw, your mom looks thrilled /s
You are a true American hero. Sick of the hate you keep catching from POTUS.
lovely!
Wow, she looks incredible! Happy Birthday to her!
God bless her Senator! So beautiful 
you are a lucky man, I lost my mother when I was 42 years old. I love and miss her everyday. Your mother is very beautiful.
This portends good things about your longevity! Looking forward to seeing you in govt. for years more. Happy Bday Roberta
Mistreated. 105 years young not 102!!
Happy 102 birthday to your mom. You'really so lucky to still have her!
A huge number of your constituents are older, you need to support them by voting no to Tom Price!
Félicitations pour elle et bonne chance à vous. Si vous avez tous hérité de ses gènes, la route est encore longue devant
Congratulations. She looks great.
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain! Please tell your son now more than ever America needs your son in the trenches.
what a blessing to have your mom! 
wonderful long life is in your blood, God is Good. They her happy birthday, from way down south. Your family is Blessed!
Your mother is beautiful.  God bless her and your family Senator.
Happy birthday to your mom.  Beautiful picture.
Happy birthday Mrs Roberta McCain! Make a wish!!
Happy Birthday Roberta..u r beautiful...w love u and ur family...much more happiness.
Every day with Mom is a gift. Such a blessing to celebrate another birthday together.
awesome
congratulations to mom Roberta
God bless
happy   birthday to your mom
if I was your mom mccain I would be less than proud of you for the lack you have done for your own state
oh no!!! Does this mean we're gonna have you around for another 20+ years? 
Senator: stop talking against Trump administration. Your motive, WRONG!! Self-serving political motive. WRONG!! STOP!!!
yup. Money's nice
Happy birthday to your mother.  My grandma who decided not to live to 100 (lived to 98)  would have been 105 on the 6th.
Congratulations!
You r blessed to you have your mother live that long. Very happy 4 u.
Shame on you for your sessions and devos votes. I thought you had some principles
Wow! Congratulations
Happy birthday! God bless!
congratulations. You are very fortunate.
and you forgot the less fortunate in your vote. Shameful. Your judgement on DeVos = Palin.
Happy birthday Mrs. McCain!!
Shameful McCain that you voted against Civil Rights and to silence Elizabeth Warren on the senate floor too.  Just Shameful.
It's beautiful to see how much you love your mother…Senator McCain why would you use your power to silence @SenWarren ?
Because as a Globalist you have access to Drugs to Prolong Life These Drugs available to Globalists/Elites Only TraitorMcCain
.  I'm heartbroken by your vote against our students.  I thought you were a better man than that.
, she looks amazing!
Did Sessions pay you too? I thought more of you. My dad is a retired officer. He would be ashamed of you.
Wow! She is beautiful. Hey, I am disappointed you sold you vote on DeVos. I hope the $50,000 was worth it.
Happy Birthday2your beautiful mom! God Bless her! How lucky you are2have a mom live such a long life with u r truly blessed
if we survive the next 4 years. Do Republicans have a plan to get rid of trump. I give up on democrats
Roberta McCain is beautiful. Happy BIRTHDAY!
she know your bi?
Happy Birthday Mrs.  Roberta McCain!  Your son is an amazing politician!
Unbelievable. What is her secret?
Congratulations!  I'm very happy her doctors came before DeVos ruined the education system. Honestly, I'm happy for you&her.
and such a beautiful woman too!
OMG Happy Birthday Amazing
Happy birthday beautiful lady!
Only came to yell at you - BUT just got thru with lunch with 90 yr old aunt, this picture is touching. Blessed By Our Elders!
Wow! Happy Birthday, Momma McCain!
congrats Ms McCain and Sen McCain!
looks expensive, good thing you took that $36,600 from Betsy Devos. #Bought&Paid4
Congratulations to your Dear Mom and you! And thank you for your work & realistic look on (world) politics!
Amazing! And YOU have the same good genes, you lucky thing, you!
happy birthday mrs Roberta MCCain 
You brought this to the forefront with Palin. I blame you for most of the tea party blockage of progress and this mess.
God bless your mom senetror
Golleee! John McCain.........man.........wow.....she looks about 70ish! Please tell her Jacques said "Happy Birthday!" Man...
God Bless your Mom!, Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain!
Wow, congratulations to your mom!  Beautiful family!
indeed so, John. I pray this blessing will also fall on us for having our mothers to live that long happily and healthily.
how fortunate for you and your family
God bless her
wow!!Congratulations and happy birthday to your mom.
What a beautiful woman! You're surely bessed tobe velebrating her 105th birthday.
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain and God Bless you!
congrats to your mom! Need someone to stand for democracy, get to bottom of Russian debacle. Where smoke there's fire
nice looking family
wow! She looks great!
@cindymccain Tell your Mother that I wish her a happy birthday & many more.
must be nice to have great healthcare for her.
how wonderful! What she has seen in her life!!
WOW ur mother's stunningly beautiful(HBD)&u look so much like her but I have2be honestshe looks like she's ur younger sis
Read "the Man without a Face:Unlikely Rise of V Putin."  Masha Gesson  See Comparisons? Super-power US-Russia

'
wow she's very pretty!
.@SenJohnMcCain  Now please stop voting with the herd!  You know what is right so vote against his crooked nominees already. #trustedyou
You're truly blessed to have your mom 105 years. Wishing Mrs.McCain a Happy Birthday today,beyond.
Does your mother know you voted for Betsy Devos? She must be sooooo proud.
Happy Birthday Mrs. McCain!
I meant SC  supreme court
Delay or stop G from SC  If Americans waited 6 months in2016,  They should wait for independent thinking judge.
Happy Birthday to Mrs. McCain and God bless you all. ;)
I think if Trumps SS nominee gets in before all cases involving Trump  are judged,  third branch of gov will  be stymied
Happy birthday Mrs McCain!
@MikeDelMoro 105? She looks fantastic for her age. Hope she had a Very Happy Birthday.
#HappyBirthdayRobertaMccain Many more
Wow!  Congratulations!  Happy Birthday Mrs McCain!
Prayers best wishes to your mom & family, Senator.
happy birthday!  Truly blessed. Now where were you on DeVos?  And how did you allow sen Warren to be silenced?  #letlizspeak
happy birthday to your Mother. I wish mine was still here
Wow! Go Roberta. That's great. #mazeltov #oldfolksrock
#PizzaGate
hope you enjoyed while many of us stress fretted, are scared to death over DeVos, Sessions, and others. This feeling sucks.
Glad she was able to give you a great education, sad you chose money and party over our kids' education. #NoDeVos
I hope you live to 105 so you can continue to fight for American values and honesty.  Don't leave us
Happy Birthday to Roberta.  I am very happy for her and the family.  My mom is 90, but not doing well unfortunately.
@DavidBegnaud 105?! She looks amazing! 
wow! U still have ur mom
Happy Birthday. God bless. John please retire. Enjoy life.
Extending our BEST WISHES FOR A HAPPY HAPPY  105 BIRTHDAY---WOW 105!  May the Lord Bless U & keep U in His Arms.
God bless her and thank you for your continued service!
@JackieJackielg happy for your mom but you voted for Devos so party always comes before country
So sweet! Now do the right thing and Vote No on Sessions.Redeem yourself from your Yes to DeVos.The country is watching. @SenJohnMcCain
Маккейн так-то стукач)))
I bet your mom is proud if your partisan vote to support Betsy DeVos. Aren't you a shamed, I'm sure she is!
Happy Birthday Sen. JOHNS MOM!
Wow, a very happy birthday to Mrs. McCain!
was your mom proud you voted for DeVos?
Happy Birthday to your mother....I see she, nevertheless, persisted.
You celebrate while you damned the children of this country to DeVos.  SHAME ON YOU.   You were once a hero.   No more.
Awful comments back. He was just celebrating his mom's BD ... not a political topic.
Congratulations to your mom and all her family.
Why are you falling in line with the rest of the Repugnicans?  You could have  and should have voted against DeVos!
your mom must be so proud of you Happy Birthday Mrs M!
really amazing. God bless
thank you sir for being great Patriot PLS replace Mitch McConnell and save our DemocracyNoSessions
the look on her face says "why the fuck am I still alive"
you've got some great DNA!  to your Mom!
you're a coward! DeVos shouldn't have been a partisan issue! You had the chance to do what was right & you failed miserably
Happy Birthday!!!!!
.@SenJohnMcCain That's wonderful. Make your mom proud by letting her see you stand up for our #democracy at this moment of peril. ACT!
Looking good. Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday, many more in good health happiness. Muskogee girl, also my birthplace. Old Ok+Tx hint.
#Indeed!
may God bless her
if your so blessed, why do you want to screw the rest of us hard working stiffs, hmmmmm?
awesome congrats
moms will be moms, no matter how old you get. You are one lucky man
You are bless to still have your mom 105 give her a hug from me.#goodgenes
Wow, 105! That's when "Mom," "Grandma," etc., get included with "The Queen," etc. 
Happy birthday to your mother. It's a blessing she's lived so long past your time as a POW. A blessing and a grace.
Happpy birthday, Roberta McCain, Too bad you didn't pass integrity to your son the sell-out Senator
Happy birthday to her. Now, do the right thing, put country over party & vote against Sessions.
