Tens of thousands of foreign terrorists armed by #US weapons were trained & sent to #Syria to TERRORISE its people & you call it civil war?
If it wasn't for #Russia #Syria today would be ruled by IS_Qaida led "moderate rebels"! #US & its allies responsible for fuelling TERRORISM!
Sen McCain hanging out with his jihadi terrorist chums.
And now Trump withdraws aid to rebels fighting Assad.  What is he and Putin up to?
the US, UK, Saudi Arabia worsened (basically fueled) the civil war (ISIS vs. Assad) in Syria. You hipocrite
how much longer do people of the USA have to live w/crazy http://Really.How  many more times do we have to tell you trump care is awful
DEMAND KUSHNER'S SECURITY CLEARANCE!
Enough of this crap!

BUSTED: John McCain behind the dirty Russian dossier—now ADMITS he obtained the phony document and gave it to Comey! 
#Russia invaded a country?  Who does that?  We would never... Oh wait. #iraqwar #ArabSpring
Perhaps you could ask our President? He might know.
#USA invaded #Iraq+#Syria,worsened #Libya war & attacked election in 81 countries-what else is @SenJohnMcCain up to?
Fuck this lying shit.  US is responsible for Ukraine and Syria, and a whole lot of dead citizens elsewhere too. US is the largest terrorist
Ukraine did more against our election than RU did..but that doesnt fit your scenarios does it..You ARMED and FUNDED ISIS..why blame RU
Check up the dictionary for "invasion", Senator! Although you should know what it means. After all, it is a US speciality!
It must take a special kind of evil to be a #WarPig
And the Ukraine interfered with in OUR ELECTION trying to help CROOKED HILLARY get elected...where's that COLLUSION INVESTIGATION????
If #Russia did not intervene against daesh, your terrorist friends would have turned #Syria into jihadistan by now. #GetAClue #Retire #idiot
But your voting records show that you'll help Trump to empower Putin,who r u trying to fool?
What have u done re #Putin puppet #TrumpRussia #treason other than spineless tweet ex war hero now shameless weasel. So #history spits on u!
Senile old man who won't be happy unless he sees mushroom clouds before he dies.

It is all lies and fake . Putin helped to bring peace and stability in Syria.  Russians are in right side of history
Are you done with @POTUS yet? #SaveOurDemocracy #DoTheRightThing
McCain is a RINO and should declare for the Democrats. He says he is a conservative which we all know is a lie. And he is a lair and fake
@seanhannity just exposed the Hillary @dnc COLLUSION with UKRAINE! And @cnn has been MUTE! #UkraineCollusion #Judge
Whats in your wallet?
And yet you do NOTHING...
America sowed dissent in Ukraine, spent 4.5 billion thru NED (National Endowment for Democracy) to replace their Oligarch with ours! #FACT
The dirt they have on you must be devastating for you to continue this ridiculous narrative.
Pussy-grabbing @realDonaldTrump and gutless #Republicans are no match for land-grabbing Putin. America is now under Russian rule.
Please senator McCain step up and defend this country once again. We need you.
What else is Putin up to?
How about supporting, financing & colluding with ISIS in terrorist attacks throughout the EU.
Pretty busy criminal
Excellent Work @McFaul @maddow
#US illegally invaded and destroyed the #MiddleEast, launched a coup in #Ukraine, & meddles in #World elections - what else are they up to?
Then do something
Everything is all good. It's just a partnership with #Russia to defeat ISIS. It isn't like there will be a standoff like in Berlin. amirite?
What else is he up to? Ummm not much. Just some casual collusion with Trump and cyber terror against democracy. No biggie, right Senator?
At what point does GOP "concern" morph into real action?? Will nothing short of Putin's physical DNA on a voting machine prompt GOP action?
When will you stop asking Putin to step up and step up yourself! Just a splatter of words and no action
GOOD THOUGHT
@GOP needs to get on board, Senator.  Get Putin agents out of the WH and Congress !!!
Why don't u actually do something about it?
hows your phosphorous buisness doing in Yemen are your clients happy with the results
YOU and Soros invaded Ukraine the evidence is coming and your crimes against humanity in Syria will be exposed
And you've watched it pathetically and silently doing all of that!! Actions speaks louder than cheap lip service like the Hypocrite Obama.
Tell us who the #ClintonCrimeFamily was colluding with during the election. Do you know about Ukraine?
TY, Sen! 1 of few good ones left! #impeachTrumpnow #impeachRomanoffs #ourRevolution #Notmypresident #impeachPence #lockhimup (SIL)
Its #boulshit what you say about #Syria and #russia ! #lisasawyer #shameonyou #stopropaganda against #syria !

WOW you are wrong on every front
And POTUS is saying let's cooperate with Russia.
#US invaded #iraq, worsened #Syria CivilWar (arm terrorists)&attacked elections all over the world-what else is McCain up to?
US #propaganda full of lies...
Remember when Brzezinski said US power depended on controlling the Ukraine. Well you, Nuland & #Soros got your revolution but no cigar.
#FakeNews 
This needs more open discussion. I am sure there is something afoot but cannot pin it down from the evidence yet. Georgia looks vulnerable
McCain you are a bigger danger to freedom than Russia is. You power hungry fake conservative puke
Jim wouldn't go to Ukraine.  #PlacesJimWillGo
Who started the civil war ? Shame one you.libya yemen and now syria
Go away we are sick of you
Brilliant question!  Ukraine, Syria (War Crimes), & now meddling in America's election.  Putin's intends 2 divide West.
I just learned about a KGB-defector named Yuri Bezmenov. Yuri warned the US about the Ideological Subversion. Pls help.
Why hasn't the House passed the Russian Sanctions legislation?  R the members worried about votes or Country?  USA 1st!
The usual lies coming from the snake's mouth. U help ISIS & Al Qaeda, helped to release a fake dossier on our President... hell is waiting!
#Russia invaded #Ukraine, worsened #Syria's civil war & attacked our election?
 
St. Elias Maronite Cathedral in Aleppo, Syria, badly damaged by the ongoing war, holds classical music concert for first time in five years. 
Ukraine Victoria Nulland, Syria Operation Timber Sycamore running guns from Libya through Turkey. Benghazi. Putin is not the problem you are
The idiot in the WH is your colleague, talk to him and stop tweeting, you gets no sympathy
You know what John, at this point we dont give a fuck what else Russia was doing, what are you doing about what they did to us? HUH??
We need you to be a patriot!
@Colleenvarner1 what are you up to.We the Trump supporters dont trust you.
Do something.
Retire old man.
Waging cyber war against the US he tried hacking into a nuclear power plant there are enemies not are Allies
"...don't just do something - STAND THERE, like you usually do!..."
u #Americans r a joke w ur OBSESSION of #Russia!!
What's @PutinRF_Eng up 2?LAUGHING AT ALL OF U,ur paranoia
#USA worlds biggest #terrorists!
So, you were discussing that with the Russian lawyer?
MCCAIN: ALL TALK. NO ACTION.
So disappointed in him, I was a fool to expect better from him. With all he's sacrificed for to just hand it over to Putin .... shame
Never mind Putin..Donald..Lies to Facts..Lies to Truth!! Better give serious thought to what Donald's doin WE don't know bout! Or his sons!
With all due respect, sir, talk is nice. Action is better. Please do more than just talk about it.
Correction Senator you got one thing wrong Russia did not hack last year's presidential election enough is enough of this nonsense stop it.
tell this to @SebGorka who thinks Russia needs to be embraced now.  go back to London or Hungary & advise Orban. get out!
What else? Try blackmailing the president. Try gas lighting our entire nation. No big deal.
Trump and family need to go stop this john
I'm sure that you're "disturbed" again. Too bad you don't do a damn thing about it.
Why not ask your buddy John Kerry who worked w/Russia on Syria for years. Never heard U complain then.
Then do something besides talk!!! Where is that fire that kept soldier McCain from giving up while captured!!!!
There's the problem. Russia has real soldiers with real guns and a larger nuclar precense. Not some third world screw ups. John knows this.
So when is the GOO going to find its patriotism?  Anyone?
Oops - GOP
but GOO works too since there's not much spine in the R camp
Hard to believe CSIS reads anything besides the interoffice emails?  They're nuts and  we're screwed.
But yet, you my Senator, stay quite as the #fakePOTUS and family disrespect the Constitution
John FOCUS, lead and REJECT #TrumpCare! Work 4 the people, lead @SenateGOP and VOTE NO!
No John the West ruined Iraq, Afghanistan, Lybia and tried with Syria. Putin stopped it from being governed by Isis like yr other invasions
pain  in the  ass for  Trump admin he becoming big fart for  #Syria & #Russia
Because , @SenJohnMcCain and your @GOP refuse to stop it, the answer "what else is Putin up to." Destroying the democracy we swore to defend
You should ask...What else is the US up to? We have invaded illegally how many wars.US has been 28 yrs war free out of over 200. Whatatrackr
That's because you were an Obama collaborator. You want president Trump to go to war with Russia with people that raise the hands in combat?
How and why did you end up with the Trump dossier?  Please stop the grandstanding and go to work.
He's a traitor. Have no respect for him
Hang on Senator!! The longer Trump is in office, the longer we remain in danger!!
The question is what are you up to. Don't trust your motives.
Probably should ask Trump!
You should pay more attention to what Trump and his swamp are doing...it's related
Please save this country from this obscenely corrupt, incompetent & traitorous administration. They're all nuts.
Oh and don't forget blackmailing YOUR president!
Go away McCain!
Look John, put your senate seat where your mouth is.  You know what else Russia is up to.  Do something about it'
ISIS is defeated: there is hope in Syria for Christians: give Putin credit: Obama say on your hands
What do you plan to do about it?
How about this joke:
https://twitter.com/FSAPlatform/status/885597087580246016 …
Yet you continue to vote for everything and everyone Trump wants.
He has been up to replacing our president and cabinet members. Let's focus, John!
So why aren't you speaking out more harshly on Trump's coziness with Putin?
Then DO SOMETHING! We have fckn Russians running Round the White House and who know how many in us congress as well! #Mueller
Hey John...how about HRC/DNC and Ukraine? What did you have to do with the dossier? #americansaresickofcareerpoliticians
The question is whether you and Graham can bring some sense back to GOP. Toughest sanctions against Russia should be in place already!
@GeorgeHWBush SOS -- we need your help to save this democracy.
You and the GOP should be facing jail time @SenJohnMcCain , traitors deserve a firing squad.
Yet even after Don jr's emails, your silent on nepotism laws. Vote against Trump's taxes, Kushners sec clearance. You lost your patriotism!!
Here you go again. All talk. Blah blah blah.......
This man is not a American hero he is a political whore
Get up with your phony democrats and make more shit up!! You need to resign!! Sounds to me you collude with russian.
Yet you're allowing Jared Kushner to keep his security clearance, among others who colluded with a foreign power #countryfirst
JOHN THIS IS NOT THE COLD WAR WE ALL NEED HELP FIGHTING ISIS YOUR CONSTAN WHINING ABOUT TRUMP IS COUNTERPRODUCTIVE BUILD THE WLL U PROMISED
Hey Lisa, Ask Johnny Boy what the Russians are up to !
Putin is helping #fakepotus destroy this wonderful country
Its what u r up to that scares me. What about ur dealings with George Soros Muslim migraines. You are so corrupt u should be bared from Gov,
If the GOP does not impeach, then US will be taken over by Russia.  What does the GOP want. Then there will be no GOP.
That is what foreign nations do. Put their interest over others. Unlike our politicians here.
Can you say that again?
Good Question Lisa, don't expect Trump to give a damn about it.
McCain.  Focus on modern day issues!  #MAGA.   You aren't ever going to be POTUS, so quit being jealous of Trump.  Be a republican and #MAGA
Putin is probably going to give @realDonaldTrump a raise for destroying our democracy
All on Obama's watch and you said nothing
BA-WA-WA The Russians did it, this shit is getting old, get your asses to work and get something done replace Obamacare.

You start civil wars and get upset when Russia jumps in? If it weren't for Russia your ISIS buddies would be all over Syria.
why does Jared Kushner still have security clearance and why are all of you still kissing Trump's ass? #TraitorTrump
Was there a ceasefire in Syria?  We have no way to know.
U sir need to retire (yes in disgrace)
Russia is Helping Defeat ISIS! You Promoted Moderate Rebels who turned out to be ISIS Members!
http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  : & U were DUPED. What were you going to gain from this? I didn't vote4 Trump but I defend Will of the ppl. U don't.
What about Ukraine colluding with Hillary to attack our election?
Why doesn't "Republican" McCain ever mention that

https://twitter.com/polNewsForever/status/885492155443236867 …
Hey #AZ #Arizona, aren't these treasonous revealations about John McCain enough to warrant an IMMEDIATE RECALL?
Shame on you for your backstabbing ways! Support you party or get out
What else are you up to, dirty dossier guy!?!?!
The real question is.....what is John McCain up to?  Everyone knows that you can't be trusted.  Do the right thing for once and retire.
You guys are a bunch of sedition traitors...you don't back the office of the President..you...are the commies from the old days
@Travelller @CSIS USA invaded Iraq, created ISIL, allowed use of chem. weapons in Syria, attacked all democratic inst. in EU
Same thing Obama was when he attacked  Israeli elections.
Ask your president Senator!! He's trying to water down sanctions- grow a spine and stand up!!
Re #trumprussia let's see some legislation Senator in addition to this tough rhetoric! Show the American people why #az sent you 2 congress.
You are senile, old man. #DraintheSwamp
Russia Russia Russia...I guess you like that word just like "Russian dossier". #disgrace
Thanks for holding the line on Russia as hostile to U.S. Interests.
Maybe rigging an American election? You have the power to stop this, yet you refuse. Have you learned nothing from your time in military?
During the Obama admin.
Since you appear 2 have missed it: treason, coverups, loss of national prestige. See @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP for details #TreasonTrump
Wasn't it the dear leader Obama that told Romney the 80's are calling. Big ha ha ho ho 4 years ago.
So why can't .@HouseGOP pass the Senate sanctions bill and hold Putin accountable already? Tick tock
You have not credibility - war monger and anti TRUMP
Please resign today.
Sorry, but your betrayal our POTUS by colluding with Russia, is much worse. You got fake information to throw election to Hillary! Shame.
You should be heading the movement to revoke Jared K's security clearance NOW. What is Putin up to? GOP needs to protect our country.
And using client states as a strategy was just invented by Putin?  This tired tirade of cold war cliches machs nichts. Still you persist.
Your Trump Derangement Syndrome knows no bounds. You are no 'ordinary citizen'-just angry old man trying to hurt @realDonaldTrump . Shut up.
Russia has made itself the enemy of the western free world, democracy & international law & norms.
Russia needs to be sanctioned & contained
How TRAITOR  SORE LOSER John McCain dispatched a trusted aide across Atlantic to get dirty dossier http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4114716/Extraordinary-details-ordinary-citizen-John-McCain-actually-dispatched-trusted-aide-Atlantic-dirty-dossier-ex-spy.html … #AZPol #Retire
No ones buying it...how about your treason to the GOP, your Presient, our people...but then you got paid by Soros so we understand...NOT!
Funny seems the areas in Syria under govt control are doing much better than your so called rebel areas.
Go home McCain, your drunk. All these sound bites mean nothing in the face that GOP stands by and lets the Trump(s) trash democracy.
Better question is: What is @SenJohnMcCain up to with Trump Dossier?  If DM story true, you should resign.
Ukraine asked for his help,Russia is helping to fight isis and Trump said he did not hack the election.
