John you know that the law was written to protect US Unions. The fix starts in Congress not w the Trump. Address it w Dems
Which you now love
It was written to protect US's sealift capacity in time of war. U.S. Merchant Marine is our 4th arm of defense. Could not win a war without.
In a time of national emergency Jones Act needs to be suspended to allow supplies to flow rapidly to the islands
Are enough US bottoms to deliver everything needed to P.R. The port of San Juan is open in a limited capacity. USNS Comfort also on the way
Jones Act was suspended after hurricanes in Florida and Texas- but not PR/USVI which are 1,000 miles from mainland?
We still need it to secure needed jobs.  However, it should have been signed the moment a Category 5 was making a direct hit #HelpPuertoRico
So sad, and Thrump has been on NFL. All my family in Mexico and Puerto Rico are suffering.
The Jones Act provides American jobs, something you are very eager to get rid of.
What about the millions of Americans on PR right now without water or supplies? This is life and death.
You think eliminating the Jones Act is going to help? Who do you thinkis sending help? US only on US ships. No other country is sending help
This law is LITERALLY KILLING PEOPLE for profit!!!
Then why don’t YOU repeal it???
Why hasn't Congress acted before now? Oh yeah, they spent 8 years wasting time obstructing everything.
We must treat Puerto Rico like we've done for Houston and the State of Florida.  Discriminating against Puerto Rico would be a shame/tragedy
All should want to repeal outdated law. If act protected all costs should be shared by all. Not just PR. Thank you sir for true leadership.
Not only raises prices, but makes exports more expensive than competing countries.  Bad law in every respect.
Puerto Rico needs to have the thumb that's been holding them down lifted off so they can flourish!
Pass healthcare c'mon man
Mr McCain, you need to concentrate on acting honorable and vote as a Conservative not a liberal.
He's hurting the American people by voting no, that's who he should be supporting not his legacy.
And Alaska. And Hawaii.
What devastated the islands economy was Hillary Clinton and the closing of Vieques/Roosevelt roads ruined the economy for the "environment"
Ill-informed nonsense!
lol, look it up. $300 million per year left the islands. That is not chump change. Ruined the economy and walked away. Oh Hillary did it
Totally agree this should happen asap
omg
Great opportunity to kill Jones Act in same bill that provides aid to help PR.
Thank you sir for your courage & conviction wrt regular order in congress. Thank you for saving my HC.
You will live to regret ObamaCare.
I haven't yet. In fact, I am grateful it has kept people I know alive.
There you go again! Fake news to pander to the Heritage Foundation.  The real story-
Thank you, thank you, thank you Sen. John McCain. We need to help Puerto Rico. We need to suspend the Jones Act.
@realDonaldTrump is literally killing Americans. Jones Act is stupid, so says every insurer in the industry.  #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
This is garbage McCain & you know it. Puerto Rico's economy is being straggled by govt bureaucracy, they have more employees than California
Puerto Rico needs help now!! Please do whatever you can to help!
Must-listen:  McCain duplicity exposed
Does anyone know if an EO could immediately reverse this?
I did not know that at all.
So what did it take a storm to wake you up or did some one tell you?
Senator John McCain's erratic and explosive temper is 100% dead on target. The Soldier is an accident waiting to happen.
Jones Act that congress enacted needs to go for #PuertoRico 's economy.  Thank you for repeal efforts.  Thank you for healthcare stand.
ObamaCare will be your downfall. No one will forget your evil ways. It will be shouted from the roof tops.
Thank you once again. A man who cares for people all people and example for Donald Trump
Send the military to PR
How about repealing Obamacare too?
It's time to repeal the Jones Act--get moving Congress! Let the natural law of comparative advantage rule!
Unbelievable. It seems like a no-brainer to shut down the Jones Act.
You are critical of law. How long you been apart of law making.  McCain you are a joke
Great read but doesn’t congress have the ability to act to remove this law?
If the law is strangling Puerto Rico, the Unaffordable/Unavailable Obamacare law is strangling healthcare. Thanks John McCain 4 nothing
@SenJohnMcCain Let's roll; People are still without clean water, meds or food; may die before @POTUS Visit to #PuertoRico on Tue.
Sen. McCain, can you introduce an emergency bill to do this?  Just asking.
Thanks for sharing this. I wish the media would report more on these important issues!
Thank you Mr. McCain. Repealing the Jones Act is the right thing to do. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Will you please stop with these opinions. And focus on facts. No wonder the senate and congress is useless.
Thanks for reading Real News, Senator. Dotard will be angry! #NotMyDotard @realDonaldTrump
Does Trump even understand the Jones act? Questionable, but congress does, do something about it Help this island, so many of our US citizen
Thank you for being a true #hero Senator McCain!
I'm so sorry #PuertoRico ur a state of beautiful & giving souls. You don't deserve this treatment. You are in our hearts. 
Thank you sir for your service and putting the American citizens first. I will read this!
This law needs to be eliminated yesterday.
We remove Jones restrictions 4 FL and TX, but not PR - a disaster that we can't truck relief 2  Thanks brilliant @POTUS @realDonaldTrump !!
this is something Congress should do. in addition Irma/Maria aid needs a vote on the floor, and POTUS needs to send Navy, etc. to PR, USVI.
Thanks. Knew nothing of this. But, that's your job, I guess. And you're doing it.
No matter what you do from this point in will always be in question as to the motive.  Time to retire and spend time with your family.
@amyklobuchar @alfranken
Then why have you not tried to change it in the decades you have been in Washington ?
Thank you Senator McCain for this very informative article! Best wishes to you and hopes for a long pathway ahead despite current struggles.
WE DO NOT TRUST YOU NOR YOUR JUDGMENT ESPECIALLY NOW THAT YOUR BODY IS POISONED BY CHEMO...YOUR BRAIN COMPROMISED BY AGGRESSIVE BRAIN CANCER
Thank you for your service to this country. You are holding us up right now.
Can you get Congress to make a law making this obsolete? We need to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico  now & in future.
Trump could care less about the law, time to get help to PR at all costs. What's wrong with our President? @realdonaldtrump
Thank you Senator! 
Thank you for sharing!  Now is the time!
Getting a lot of praise from the Obama lovers John Way to go out. Remember what you ran on? Did you forget? Did you forget about the voters?
Thanks for promising to kill the ACA for 7 years but not coming up with a suitable fix for the mess. Millions can't afford it now. #retire
#JohnMcCain 
gets 3 Pinocchio's
liar liar liar 

#RepealObamacare 
#CongressionalClowns 
Thanks for bringing this to my attention and thanks for so much more !  
Can Congress expedite Suspend, if not Repealing, this Jones Act, as in Yesterday? This is Emergency Situation for US Citizens in Puerto Rico


Thank you Sir, for making this a  truly better world through your legislation & example. God bless  and you are in my prayers.
John McCain you are my hero!  Our prayers are with you and your family.
So who wants to retain the Jones Act? Seems like a stupid law.
TY Senator. How about everyone retweet to their Sens and Reps asking them to support suspension at the least, possibly repeal?
Vote yes on healthcare Vote yes on healthcare Vote yes on healthcare Vote yes on healthcare Vote yes on healthcare Vote yes on healthcare
Thank you!
Great info - the Jones act needs to be repealed.
You too johnny with our healthcare!
it's time 2 impeach the traitor! He's attacking his own party!that's an act of betrayal!
i believe a military operation is in order.
ie: get power company trucks on a carrier and offload them and crews in san juan..
thank you for your service and your decades courage while serving this country
YOUR democrat friends stepped in the way and refused to pass funds. YOU liberals are one piece of work
PR needs the following:

1. Massive aid package.
2. End Jones act.
3. Voting rights, POTUS & congress.

Anything less is white supremacy.
Mr. McCain thank you for bringing this to our attention. I support your effort to end this and help Puerto Rico.
Need affordable insurance and that is not Obamacare!
Thank you sir, for your courage to do what is right, in the face of so much wrong in the Senate.
Forrestal, wet starts, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute, 894/899. Lifetime of scandals. Admiral daddy giving cover, RETIRE Brutus
And when you voted against relief funding for Texas you were being compassionate?
If only our president could read and actually understand what is going on in this world. Love you Senator. Just want to say Thanks!
Congress must #RepealTheJonesAct now!
Congress can fix this. Get on it.
Must-read! http://www.klgates.com/files/Publication/98eba0b5-41ec-4d0d-8f8d-a111146a7fe5/Presentation/PublicationAttachment/eb4353ac-8df8-401f-977f-af4f1a5ee48c/JMLC_Jan%202015.pdf …
@SenJohnMcCain please get this archaic law repealed & help PR rebuild. We should look at evacuating to lower 48. Long rebuild process.
This shows where ´America First´ can lead!
Maybe our President should do something about it rather than tweeting about the NFL?
Thank you for highlighting this! But you should have tagged @realDonaldTrump as he clearly has NO idea what's going on down there. Sad.
Certainly, if waivers can be granted to cruise lines sailing the Hawaiian Islands, they can be granted here.
What part of "this is an emergency!" Donpeople not get? Suspend the #JonesActNOW
FUCK. YES. Thank you for trying to fix crony bullshit like this.
OK for 100 yrs?
Excellent piece. I had forgotten about the economic inefficiencies created by the Jones Act and how it hampers relief and recovery in PR.
Hey turncoat... support your party and repeal O care.
Thanks Senator. There's always a scam somewhere.
Hope you introduce legislation repealing Hines act immediately
#AmericanHero. People over politics. Ignore the haters fueled by the shameful divider. Thanks for your sane leadership.
the Legislative arm should bring a vote to end this in lieu of a failed health bill.  @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @RepSinema @SenateMajLdr
It took a lot to go against your side on the health care issue but know you made the right choice
God bless you McCain I actually like you.  Your a stand up guy who will take a stand when necessary.
You were never going to repeal Obamacare because you're a LIAR! You owe all Arizonians and rest of America an apology for defrauding them.
Very well written. This would make as huge difference!  Thank you Senator McCain.
Prayers lifted for you and your family.
Thank you for sharing. I had no idea. Hope Congress follows your lead here.
Must-read. http://www.klgates.com/files/Publication/98eba0b5-41ec-4d0d-8f8d-a111146a7fe5/Presentation/PublicationAttachment/eb4353ac-8df8-401f-977f-af4f1a5ee48c/JMLC_Jan%202015.pdf …
Thank you!! Go get em MCCAIN!!!
Congress needs to take action immediately!
Thank you for sharing. Had never heard of this! And thank you for saving our HC
Thank you for thinking. Our country needs thinkers.
@SenJohnMcCain  I want to read your resignation from public office you traitor. Move to Russia senator
I respect you so much. Please dont listing to the  very sad, awful, bad thing is @realDonaldTrump. I refuse to call him a human being.
@SenJohnMcCain when is your Brain dead mind is going to take your life... I can't wait to celebrate your death... Fake Republican & Hero
Good to know -sounds like Congress should fix this.
Thank you McCain! All @realDonaldTrump reported on was all the money Puerto Rico owed Wallstreet. 
Repeal this outdated Act immediately!
Thank you for sharing. I don't think anyone knows about this... but they will now! ^_^ #puertorico #maria #hurricanemaria2017 #politics
Thank you, Senator McCain, for shining some more light on Denis's piece.
Is the law stopping the USNS Comfort from being deployed to PR?
Wishing u well in ur battle, Senator McCain!!
So let's fix it!
Hating Trump more than loving America.  Bad form.
We don't need #Dotard "prayers and thoughts" we need him to support taking down the Jones act
They have been offered statehood on more than one occasion!
Senator, how come you are just, now, awakening to this realization when it has existed for 97 years and you have been in Congress for 30?
Do you honestly think Trump cares about PR? If he did they would at least have enough food and water but to busy with NFL
Puerto Rico needs help!  Using it to repeal the Jones Act is politics, not help.
Wow! Thank you for sharing this! I had no idea this outdated law affected Puerto Rico's economy to this extent. Time for a change!
I had no idea either! Thank you Senator for sharing and your efforts to repeal it! #PuertoRicoRelief #JonesAct
John McCain: Strangling America
Just horrific! I want to thank you Senator for voting NO on healthcare bill. Praying for your health.
Some of these comments are so vile. No matter your political opinion you fought for this country and deserve respect.
Must read?!?!?  How about....RINO must go away!
Agree 100%!!! But good luck. The Gulf Coast shipbuilders + the maritime unions are too strong, which is why the cabotage provisions live on.
By the way, notice how the GOP suddenly supports anti-capitalist protectionism when it means jobs for AL, MS, and TX shipbuilders!
There is no money to pay for any of this damage. you guys double natL debt and continue to tax people into oblivion.while enrichingyourslves
Jones Act is a good example of why sunset clauses need by default be present in all legislation and exec orders. #PuertoRicoRelief #Maria
And thank you for bringing attention to NYT piece re Jones Act & its doubling of prices in PR & USVI.
Every word out of your mouth is disgusting.  #Traitor proven by your actions.
Why aren't we repealing this today
https://twitter.com/UnamedGovSource/status/911728212455116801 …
Thank you for your service.
Love & respect you Mr McCain! How much longer can this Joker go on?
While you strangle health care.
Interesting, when other countries had disasters the United States rushed in with planes loaded with food & water until Republicans took over
No one asked back then, is this a law? Nation after Nation, and there were the Americans. That was when we were a GREAT NATION ourselves.
Please work on helping Puerto Rico and send help fast! POTUS seems to busy tweeting and insulting you to care!!!
Senator. Repeal the act w a provision that it would be operative only in times of war.

And you, madam, are blind to the truth.
Great share. This "Law" has definitely outlived it's usefulness. As a "Territory"(Puerto Rico), how can the law be "undone"?
Ease become the 53 state!
Well trump said it was their own fault for being bankrupt. I hope you can lead the way to help them. We desperately need leadership.
Thank you for the heads up on this article. It is very important
We can thank our phycopath @POTUS,  for focusing on sports rather than the lives of human beings in desperate need.
Please impeach Trump.  His tweets about PR were exceptionally vile.  He is a madman.
By all means it should go. Any unnecessary law should go, especially if it strangles freedom and free markets.
The question is....WHY hasn't Congress changed this??
@realDonaldTrump this is what we need to lift right now. Orange A-hole, listen to those who know.
Thank you for keeping the focus on decency and how to help our fellow citizens in PR.
Love you.
Regardless of the causes, are you and your fellow Senators going to rise to the occasion and help American citizens?
Not to mention he ruined his daughters career.
Repeal the Jones act.
How about the corruption of special interest donations that buys congress votes? Or the laws that make healthcare unaffordable to workers?
Meanwhile McCain hurts millions of Americans on Obamacare because his wittle Ego is Bruised 
Thank you for showing true leadership and compassion in the Senate by voting no on the healthcare bill.
Traitor
Ad hominem retort. Typical Leftist.
You go John McCain!  This is a regulation I can agree with repealing!
Step down McCain...stop taking your bitterness out on Americans
@SenJohnMcCain just go away! You're a liar and two faced at that. You ran on repeal Obamacare and then won't bring anything to the table.

It seems easy enough to fix this. Countdown begins today. @SenSchumer @ThomTillis @SenatorBurr
