Senator we need a potent voice of tolerance and reason to lead us away from this angry misogynistic invective.
Isn't it time you went home, retired and took your meds?
Why do you still support an insane man,trump.
Who's side are you on? We won!  We need you JM. Help us understand. #MAGA
This JO sounds like a Dem. I forgot Rinos like him are worse scum than the leftist Dems. You know the dems,enemies!
But yo know all but did nothing for the last 8 years.
President Trump is dangerious.  Im very worried
Where were you when the last 3 presidents ramped up all these fake wars for oil or NWO control of resources. Youre fired
Probably so, however, something better than nothing - we had no PAC trade deal
@faithultima @WSJ How the heck can McCain support a fascist lunatic on his road to become a dictator...? Well..it's happening
Aren't you concerned about the NSC??? Please do something
We need you more than ever to stand up to POTUS on trade. Mexico relations a disaster in a week!
Well TPP which takes many years to dot i's and cross T's is officially dead.
Do you agree with this quote from Donald Trump - "Our military is more important to me than a balanced budget." ?
And abruptly cancelling TPP w/o renegotiation just strengthens China & weakens U.S. #fairtrade
You can't spend money on defense if you are wasting US taxpayer's money on a useless wall.
Advocating for sanctions will bring  Russia and China together. European political and economic system is going to fall
John McCain won't be happy until more Americans die in unneeded wars.
Quit working for the globalists. Please retire and do your part to make America Great again.
The GOP led administration will go down in history as not only bad, but possibly noted as the point of decline of the US
This and The Wall are only giving impetus to the election of Communist President in Mexico..another communist government
Then You Need to Stand with "We the People", and Say NONo 2 Sessions& Tillerson& SCOTUS
@puntersick @WSJ point about McCain is he can always double talk cuz the other side doesn't care if he lies to democrats ....
cuz if he votes with Trump it doesn't matter about integrity its about being keep in himself with the GOP
hello, potus is flamboyant will increase Americas debt.@senjohnmccain @wsj
this trade war stuff is crazy.  Please explain to the president that free trade benefits america
@GOP @POTUS @MAGA  #McCain @realDonaldTrump is making #AmericaGreatAgain http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/trump_administration/prez_track_jan26 …
More stupid trade deals and wars for profit. Please resign.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHF0yXrwr-0 …
thanks for this update on Asia and the NEW South Pacific island complex.  Its going to be a big problem! Need cool heads
Why are you always trying to line the pockets of the defense contractors? It's time to cut the deficit and line the.....
pockets of the American worker.
I know you know this is wrong. Please. Do something.
Please get this mentally unstable potus out of office.America can't handle this.We had HRC, U Reps,got us in this mess.
The Reps tried to destroy HRC along with @jasoninthehouse, wikilks, Russia, and Comey. Please investigate them.
Do not confirm Mnuchin if you care about America. Facts matter to voters!
why are t u fighting this insane madman???? He is trying to destroy our country
That's all you truly care about, huh? It's the answer to everything with you. You are a disappointment.
You are no better than Hillary.  She moved to NY to get elected, you moved to AZ to get elected.  Get on trump bandwagon
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT. Please start the process.
you have lost your mind
AsMilitaryVet-SOMETIMES Torture must be a http://Must.You  feel as you do based on YourExp-Terrorist's are OUR Enemies
The WSJ is the modern day #MinisterofPropaganda & you're the modern day #BenedictArnold... #Maverick ? no #Marxist yes!
Sen. McCain, please continue to stand for reason and truth. Get some of your colleagues to do the same. Thank you sir.
hits keep coming for you guys now piss off neighbors and allies
Mexico's president cancels U.S. visit after Trump's wall comments: http://reut.rs/2j8FEqB  
great job on Rex as State department clears out https://twitter.com/reutersus/status/824664795081297920 …
The broad TPP giveaway has no relation to defense spending. This is a false comparison by a military zealot.
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ By not standing up to potus, I believe- you sir-are personally morally responsible for every heinous act of this Admin.
awesome so instead of trade we communicate with nukes, what could go wrong?
Inflation
I say! 10. 
Senator, are you sure you are a Republican?
Please stop him. He is insane! We need you Senator McCain! America needs you now more than ever!
you never answered his oil comments at the CIA & how that could put troops in harms way. Do you guys care about anything
Then make the fucking trade deal Johnny
Good morning Sen. McCain, you really don't have to look that far away re: Asian facilities.
I am not a Trump lover but appreciate his olatform. You sir are a hindrance.  Thanks for military service but u need to GO.
You have Putin's puppet in the whitehouse and he is already beginning to censor science! I assume you will just go along. Wake up! Spineless
Why not stop attacking Trump and fix something real like the VA issues.  You are a senator from AZ & it is a mess.
Old man your time is up, you better go away. You're confusing  issues. America is better off now, wake up from your slumber.
Your trade deal cost American jobs you need to retire now you want more money for your war machine contractors. No one cares about you ideas
You have no honor! You are an irrelevant has been! You have filled your pockets, now go away.
So, you feel an arms race is better than a trade deal?  You're scaring us!
#Collaborator 
#RepublicanHypocrisy 
#GOPtreason 
#GOPtraitors
Stop warmongering McCain. Focus on fixing problems faced by ppl of AZ!
STOP HIM! EVACUATE OUR TROOPS IN IRAQ B4 THEY BEAR THE BRUNT OF TRUMPS  STUPIIDITY ON PLUNDERING OIL!!!
I'm sure you'll fall in line like you always do.
TRAIT0R
please denounce the Trump censorship and defunding of EPA and and NASA climate change studies/data
John Republican View WON OUT leftist obstructionism is also out. The quicker you retire the better.
on waterboarding, you do not represent, if my son is killed and I find that waterboarding could have prevented it!  
John M, your era is gone & not relevant for New America. It's time to quit & enjoy retirement with grand-children ok
I just stand in awe, how you are not in prison. You have betrayed our Country so many times, starting in Vietnam.
John for the love of country impeach POTUS, he is mentally unfit. Looks like early onset dementia,watch the interview
Senator McCain you need to get on board with Pres Trump
Yes, thank you for the sane talk. Its rare these days.
So Senator, why don't you save the tax payers a lot of money and remove the lunatic and chief instead?
shut up McCain everyone knows your pockets are lined you are the swamp
I am sure you know China will move to form alliances w the countries Trump is dumping.  AMERICA needs Repubs w BACKBONE
McCain is all about war
his rhetoric by signing Soundbite exec orders with No evaluation of the pros and cons, repercussions.   Not A THinker.
We just finished two years of "Soundbite policies" on the campaign trail with no details.   Yes, he sure is following
Isn't it Trump's very intent? where does it lead for world order? did he not talk about breaking up nato, EU and UN?
You do know you and @SarahPalinUSA got beat, Right? You do know one President at a time right. Quit showing off.
a seasoned strategist good senator, cheers!
So instead of trading with these countries we are going to increase our military presence? Cost? Funding? Do they want?
John that 'Trade Deal' was more of a screw than an SA 7 up yer six. U Could only lose by playing. No winning allowed!
hop off your gravy train and retire
John, please stand up for your beliefs and don't walk party lines.  We will all respect you much more.
Please listen to the people! You fought for your country once, please fight again! We r at RISK
Senator, I am sure you realise you'll have much influence on the success or otherwise of this administration.
Good Practice of you always, Sen. John McCain, regards to (wife) Ms.Cindy McCain also.  TRUTH
Please stand up for what is right!! We all know what you REALLY think of him.
I stand with you on this. But you have to see that Drumpf is nuts.
Easy to pay for all of these   based items we "Need" right? What about the basics of Life, Liberty & The pursuit Glee
John-no one is listening to you-U should look at Dennis Kusinech video last night-u are dead wrong on Syria
what about acquisition reform, R&D investments, and just doing better with the budget we have?!
We respected you when you stood up to Trump during the campaign. Please continue to do so. Thank you
I am a lot more than sure that @realDonaldTrump will handle everything in an extreme professional way.@POTUS is great.
Senator, you must know @POTUS  is not of sound mind. Please do something for the sake of every American.
Defense spending has gone awry. its not about how much is spent, it's how its wastefully spent
