..can't seem to get over outcome of election...wannabe...get over yourself..we have a new sheriff that loves USA
he has zero opinion about trump that he'll voice yet he had so much to say about Obama, I'll pass on watching
McCain is a chump who takes a beating from trump keeps coming back for more
He's a flip flopped. He was a maverick. It then sold out to the party for a run at the presidency
McCain was NEVER tortured, The Songbird of Hanoi, Watch! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMcYqtayU7c …
IS THIS A PARODY OF DEMOCRATS? NO, THIS IS YOUR MAINSTREAM DEMOCRAT LIKE McCain
If you're following law on torture, you have to be equally committed to following law on ILLEGAL immigrants.
Will never tune in again, EVER. You and the rest of our "media" are responsible for this horrific liar in WH.
You Should go on Tucker or Hannity and get real Questions, you never talked out against Obama, But u sure do now
this old traitor is still at it- just interview everyone of Trumps enemies.BTW he was NOT a war hero-Trump right
A WASTE OF TIME..NO REAL AMERICANS WATCH THE LOW RATED  LOONY BIN.The Senator  playing the LIBS game..A CATS PAW
Glad to hear my Arizona Senator speaking some logic this morning.
Why no FEMA for tornado victims in the South?
Obama sent it to Palestine
so you are fine with Mr. Trump doing NOTHING? How very Christian of you Harriet!!!
don't put words in my mouth Beth. You want money 220 million went to Palestine
Bless your hateful little heart Harriet...better hope YOU never need help from FEMA!
Senator McCain: SHOULD AMERICA BE FIRST IN ALL YOUR DECISIONS? Answer that? Yes or No??
Well Clem McCain was  He did not slobber on bimbo He also was able to put sentence together For a man his age that's great 
waste of time John McCain?  I believe Russia interfered in our election but I will support trump, McCain. No thanks.
@MSNBC please be the voice of reason. Absurd administration. Stop this.
was there voter fraud for all of these presidents??.Lets ask our dishonest current  president @realDonaldTrump
No thank you
Morning Joe, please ask SenMcCain if he's aware that his nickname is said to be SONGBIRD Y that is.
Hope you admitted you have been wrong about Trump! Greatest president ever! 
Ask him if he is going to resist another invasion into Iraq to seize oil? How and when will he begin?
sorry I missed it had to run off to work.
A voice of reason. If only #trump listened. Not everything blurted out at campaigns to rile up the base is good.
Our new POTUS doubles down when caught in a lie & orders investigation
Senator, your vote for Rex "because the prez was elected" should not be a rubber stamp! You were elected too!
a bit more on McCain's constituency about "the wall"--still didn't get a real idea if people want or not.
he sounds like such a status quo fake-too old to move forward-nice grandpa-hates president
- HAWG wash Senator this man would not even acknowledge he (Putin) is a war criminal. Stand up Senator !!!
God bless the senator, but its time he retires
Morning Joe is nothing more than Liberal Democratic gossip blog.
if @SenJohnMcCain thinks leaving TPP is the wrong thing to do, it must be the right thing to do! @Morning_Joe #AmericaFirst
Notice how McCAIN and Graham have been on left wing shows since Trump-only anti Trump Gopers
Ask him real questions.  Hold him accountable for not holding Trump accountable.
you sir, are part of the reason why Americans have such a low opinion of D.C. With all respect - it's 2 #Retire
in less than 6 months over 100,000 gallons of oil spilled from Alaskan pipeline...
GOP went NUTS over Obama's Executive Orders. Where's the outrage over Trump's "Imperial Presidency"? Hypocrites!
Mccain today is just a voice.  Trump knows exactly what he is saying. Trump is action & he knows where his voice will take him
Wonder what the weather on his ass is today?
is the press on a gag order????
millions of people in Canada lose drinking water and destroy beautiful Saskatchewan river and all the wildlife
why are you not talking about Alaskan pipeline spills..in July and 2 days ago??????
like this guy matters anymore
And how long will those pipeline jobs last?  How about solar/wind those are jobs that stay and are environmentally healthy
Good to hear that Trump will require an investigation. Start in California
tell McCapture to keep his pie hole shut and go work on term limits. He is petulant and a backstabber.MAGA
Finally! It took Rep Cummins to bring up the Gag Order.  Shameful
sold out his honor to be a red neck
@JoeNBC stopped talking abt inv because they want to eat as little words as possible... I guess
@JoeNBC why did u guys stop talking about voter frued as soon as an investigation was announced?
... Hey, Senator, are you looking forward to today's executive orders?
THERE IS VOTER FRAUD IN MY STATE @FoxNews @nytimes @TheView @TheFive @ericbolling READ
Is he the only guest you can get? Yawnnnn.
@JoeNBC another day to prove them wrong @realDonaldTrump the goats will never learn.   So happy about the investigation
As to @realdonaldtrump's speech - you have to remember EXPECTATIONS WERE VERY LOW!!!
@JoeNBC see u all keep pushing and @realDonaldTrump is like let's do this!   Let's investigate!  I love u Trump!
only losers on joes show
Well, Joe, YOUR friends who are calling YOU aren't exactly representative of the normal population, are they.
McCain & Graham are the only GOP that frequent your show!
I hope u guys keep bottles of Advil handy whatever u discuss us headachy for the audience I am sure fur you all
Why? So he can grandstand about some issue and totally capitulate in the end?
Distraction Fascism what about the environment?  Its about T's pocketbook masked in "change".  Pipelines pollute
@JoeNBC so u guys get to keep reporting bullshit and blaming the bubble when ur wrong?
McCain will go along w/ anything Trump wants.Rs don't care abt America now only power.
Joe argued/threw tantrums in favor of torture under Bush. Trump Mini Me. ManBabyEgo. Disgusting! #morningjoe
@JoeNBC surprising polls?  Only to u and ur peeps Joe
rd
The President just refuses to concede to msm lies.
how about some talk about the gag orders? Did he put one on MJ?
i think so
https://www.redflagnews.com/headlines-2017/german-reporter-who-exposed-governments-creating-fake-news-war-propaganda-found-dead …
@JoeNBC @morningmika its legit 4 press 2 ask about Trump lies.If Trump wants 2 move on, tell HIM to shut up or put up evidence.
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/qz8VZ … HIDDEN CAM: NYC Democratic Election Commissioner, "They Bus People Around to Vote"
then tell TRUMP to stop talking about bogus voter fraud, it's starts w him.
please ask if he think @seanspicer needs 2 answer questions or should Joe keep coaching them on air each morning
what planet this show broadcasting from?! Barrack O said to the world "US ready to lead? " Name one time he did?
this show is way too for to the left!!! Gag!!
Joe - Re: Trump's accomplishments so far, he's just signing things, not doing actual work. He only talks, watches TV & Tweets.
let's face the facts republicans want WAR but but at no cost to themselves or there billionaire firends
Republicans won't win another election now.
Trump lies, RNC lies, both in unpatriotic lockstep.
.@hamma337 @barbetta1 @Morning_Joe @SenJohnMcCain You can . http://Reps.play  dirty & gerrymander. The pendulum will swing back HARD.
No Trust me. It will get far worse for you COMRADE. You have no idea what's coming for you.
.@hamma337 @barbetta1 @Morning_Joe @SenJohnMcCain Join your leader. He killed himself with Eva and a cyanide capsule in a German bunker.
10/24/2014 "Could non-citizens decide the November election?"  http://ln.is/washingtonpost.com/T8ZtU …  6.4% Illegals Voted.
you are a making me puke today, Joe! You should move to talk radio (then others can talk).
you speak about helping people from other countries first help the poor and disabled and elderly here we don't
Flipped to Morning Joe for a moment after yesterday's wild day, Sweet Lord......They're insane too.
These morons talking about how "Americans" felt about the speech. Yeah? The millions that marched????
let the cry bullies cry! Your girl lost the election....move on! Morning Joe cast fixated on Trump and Spicer
@morningmika @JoeNBC why doesn't the @NAACP go into #Chicago #ChildrenKillingChildren 
Send in the Feds @POTUS @VP & The @NAACP they said U haven't meant with them meet them in #Chicago see if they really care about #Crime 
@JoeNBC  is missing the point.  
Spicer & Trump are trolling the press w/ crowd sizes & #voterfraud to De-Legitimize them.

This is the most immature administration in the history of the US! SO embarrassed for us, the world is laughing
I never thought I would feel like I was living under a dictatorship
An Watch Mika's eyes roll as she mugs her way through the show! HRC list Mika & so did you lackey!

So forget about our earth and environment while sucking the earth dry and creating a Day After Tomorrow end of the world!
republicans live and die in a world of billionaires that lie and hide behind there money Joe look at yourself
we still have insider trading in congress but that seams ok law braker
"Illegal alien arrested, charged with voter fraud"
try this, deplorable
I'm glad we agree, we need voter ID laws for all states.
nope, Republicans need to stop cheating.
Again, I'm glad you agree that we need national voter fraud laws.
you might need a course in remedial reading. Where did I say I agree?
We're on the same side, we don't want any illegal voting.
we're not on the same side. I don't demonize immigrants and cover for rampant Repub fraud.
remember this?
as long as McCain keeps messing over the American people not for people he needs to go he's only for the top 1%
People in jail in Kentucky for voter fraud?
Uh Oh... Rehashing Spider press conference just like CNN...What a shame..
We don't watch #FakeNewsMedia #ThankyouTrump
shit,u should have shopped a med school and gotten a spine 4 him, he gonna support use of fed troops in chi 2?
Advertising Jeff Sessions? Why? Schumer will probably vote YES for him. Mr. Tough talk. NOT
McCain & Grahams ideas have been soundly rejected for over a decade now I don't know they keep showing up on TV
Except the MAJORITY stayed home & did not vote for either candidate.
thank god trump lead the raid to free McCain in pow camp then years later found bin laden and capped his ass
I see u have no idea about pows..maybe you should thank our hero's for letting you live free
trump denied troops and vets 41000 drs and healthcare workers yesterday....shows what u know
Yay. Hope he'll tell us where he wants to start our next war asap.
Another @GOP #BLOWHARD Who Gave Away #ALL of His Power To His New SOCIOPATHIC 'Leader' #TRUMPENSTEIN Coming Up on @Morning_Joe!
Remember @SenJohnMcCain, #TRUMPENSTEIN Could Care Less of What You Think,Feel or Believe. You're Now Just Another PAWN IN HIS PATHETIC GAME!
lmbo, Joe will push Trumps agenda, Mika will continue sleeping with Joe, such a immoral unprofessional show
for a show that says native american right are "minimum" . this show is white america on steroids. #NoDAPL
DAPL is a tribal rights issue... Does joe or his crew know this? Low informed show
kind of shows you what the taget audience of MSNBC is. Its not a diverse open group
The "Straight Talk Express" is coming! Joe tell him how great U are, can't hear it enough and Mika nod
