Thank you!
Why don't you shut down the majority of va facilities keep specific ones to deal with Battlefield injuries and PTSD
Then all the other veterans get an insurance card that pays 100% And can go to any medical facility or physician they want
Kudos!!
Now join Dems in demanding independent investigation into Trump ties to Russia!  Put country before party!
We, your constituents, thank you for supporting this.  Please also support action towards an #IndependentInvestigation
Whistleblowers are an integral ingredient to a functioning society. Because their bravery allows the public to hold people accountable.
Ur a traitor!!!!
How about you get some Senators together on impeachment. It's time to stand UP, Senator McCain. No more lip-service to truth and democracy.
That is wonderful. Please continue 2 help & protect our veterans & thank you for your service, Senator. Goldwater urged Nixon to resign, BTW
does the @FBI have the same protection?
#Trumprussia we need an independent investigation
While our president threatens witnesses and obstructs justice? Your legacy and that of your party is in your hands..The time to act is here!
The time to support an independent prosecutor was months ago. After Comey, that doesn't matter.  Support impeachment procedings NOW.
You know was a veteran yourself John you guys should have a handle on this many years ago
Thank you, Senator McCain, for protecting our Democracy.
Please - Put #CountryOverParty
"Republicans: if the moment comes when you must choose between your party and the republic, you will not regret choosing the republic."
Cool. Can we impeach Trump already?
Thankfully you are still in Washington. Your love of country is needed now. God help our country.
DUMP Trump!!!
Thank you for speaking up when the rest of your party is too scared.  We need more of you.
Sen McCain thank you for defending democracy over Russia by supporting an independent investigation into Russian collusion.
YOU are up to somethingIDO NOT like it You and your IC buddies w/ conspiracies about Trump is affecting your Judgement! He is not in the MOB
We should allow the same at the FBI and Congress
Whistle blowers everywhere.
Trump needs to be impeached, he asked comey if he was "loyal" to him, comey didn't directly say yes. Now he's gone, along with democracy
Definitely not a fan of your liberal positions on many issues but actions speak louder than words especially with the VA. It's a mess.
@Snowden - it's a start ...
RUSSIA.
Whistleblower protection?? That means 20 yrs to life, yeah? Like Chelsea Manning?   Ffs you Americans are unbelievable
@StevenMWolfe3 great every time you open your mouth it's to introduce a new bill or undermine your party's POTUS. Worst VA in USA
@StevenMWolfe3  do something like go to work for all Americans
How about joining senators who support a bipartisan independent investigation of Trump/Russia. You are a patriot. TIme to show it to all.
Day late many lives short. You were there when they died where were you then
I support your ideas. Gaige Clark. Commander ¥ Founder of The US Freedom Party. First Female President. Niece of Warren Wilmot Leary Jr.
I dare you to fix the VA and stop worrying how to get re-elected!  Do something for once that doesn't benefit you!
REALLY?!!  WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO TO STRENGTHEN laws surrounding the PRESIDENT FIRING PEOPLE investigating him?!?
Nice!!  Your coalition is what we need. Good Americans without dogmatic positions other than what is good for the country
Thank you very much - and future generations will thank you. Please continue to stand strong and moral. Trump is dangerous
How about strengthening accountability at the WH?
Now go out and demand a Special Prosecutor
Retire.
How about whistleblowing against the current administration and its unconstitutional behavior? Do the right, nonpartisan thing PLEASE.
How about you join bipartisan group to protect our Republic from @realDonaldTrump and his treasonous group of asshats
B prepared as Att.Gen.& New J.Edgar style FBI will start campaign 2 uncover Past wrongs,Congress & News Agencies/ Reporters corruption pasts
How about 1 of your GOP finally have the human decency 2 not only speak out against the corrupt potus, but 2 join the Dems in proving it so?

Come on mr maverick. Show the republicans what you are made of. Call for a bipartisan investigation now!!!
doing good work sir
John, your cause is noble. Thank you...but come on! Lets focus on the big picture. Let's get this madman out of the White House.

Good start. ...but why not a bill to eliminate gov employees unions. So these clowns can be fired for any reason. Start draining the swamp.
Thank you Sir now get to work on Trump/Russia.
Maybe you and your peers can spend time defending & protecting our democracy? Best way to do that is with a Special Prosecutor! #Democracy
I like what you say, but I hate that you don't do anything to stop the orange buffoon and your party from their evil ways
Hey, how about that orange elephant in the room maybe some of that bipartisan stuff can help the rest of us out
Independent Investigation
Fools
And how many years have you been a senator? No wonder nothing ever gets done.
Please sir. I have respected you for my entire life. Please make us proud.
I'm sure you didn't rot in a Prison Camp to let Trump ruin America?  Remember...he prefers War Heroes who "didn't get captured". @POTUS
HEY!  Do something about our crazy President!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU Senator McCain for putting country before party. You're doing what's right sir not what's political!
Now is the time for patriotism not partisanship. Protect our democracy, assign a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian election hack
You need to do the same at FBI apparently.
Super. Is that truly the biggest threat our Constitution faces? Protecting whistleblowers at the VA?
So glad it appears you are once again acting like the senator we used to know and love before your White House run.  Loved that centrist!
I am embarrassed to be a AZ resident and your my senator-u are pure DC establishment
#RINO. Look all the crybaby leftie comments you get begging for your help. Looks like a D page to me. You and Pelosi dating yet? #termlimits
Thats great too. So this Russia thing?
how about a bipartisian effort to impeach this crazy prez. he has broken constitutional law, he is facist and soon he will abolish congress
It is time that the GOP appear to stand up for what is decent and right. Stand up to Trump...is he the grand dragon everyone fear.
You tweet a big game, Sir. And then do nothing. Blow the whistle on Trump. He even disgraced your military record, yet u still cower 2 him
Again trump managed to divert attention from his encounter with the Russians nobody cared to have russians in the oval room and no american
As an Arizonan, please lead the GOP in holding this rogue president accountable. There is more at stake here than party loyalty. Do your job
Glad to see you do something positive.  Now please get Trump to stop bullying and lying, and I'll be a happy Arizonan
Dude #ImpeachTrump install Pence or Ryan as POTUS & then we can move on to other things, until then I'm just not that interested #Priorities
Please get off your soapbox and DO SOMETHING!  You have a posse, use it and move this along.
Do you think there will be a VA after Putin moves into the WH? I don't think so. You planning to do anything about Chump's treason, or no?
Thank you Sen Mccain !! Our Veterans deserve better. Best help would be not to send our boys into useless wars.
How about White House too?
we are more concerned about the unhinged traitor in the WH. What are you doing about it?
We need you and a bipartisan group of senators to protect our democracy. Do the right thing now, you know what it is.
Americans have no confidence in Trump's ability to lead and request an immediate hearing on impeachable offense.
You're moving in the right direction Sir. Expand the scope.
Rhino #MAGA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6NXkr9yuw0 …...  Senator McCain, Please be the Sen Howard Baker for this generation. We need accoutability and integrity
While that's important, can we focus on the elephant in the room. Country over party, sir. #Trumprussia needs independent investigation. Now
The elephant that Donny Jr shot then cut the tail off of. 
Oh and Russia!
How about bipartisan bill for special counsel to investigate Russia's influence in elections?
Protect the WH! Let all the whistle blowers out now! Start the process of impeachment.
Support an independent prosecutor or youre still spouting empty rhetoric
That's great.  What are you going to do to oppose Trump?  He's an incompetent liar and making a fool of your party and our country.
Watch out! The prez hates whistleblowers more than treason!
We need this Senator McCain! We also meed All C and P exams Recorded for DRO and BVA to View during Appeal! The Dr's or the NP fake Dr's LIE
You need to demand a special prosecutor
You were an absolute disaster as a presidential candidate. In the range of Mondale, Dukakis, and Hillary Clinton. Please go away
You mind has been shot a long time ago. Its time to retire. Your a pathetic Maverick whose on the wrong side
How about supporting an independent investigation into #trumprussia
Thank you. Will you also support an independent investigation into #Trumprussia ?
What about the scam going out at the white house. WHAT ABOUT KISLIYAK!
American People are calling, WE WANT OUR COUNTRY BACK!
What about whistleblower protections at the FBI? Seems relevant right now
