@gop @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @mike_pence Trump said our military may be open to teaming up with Russia.
Your President, Senator. Congratulations on getting this @POTUS in and @GOP support! Thankfully, #Reagan is dead.
So Trump is open to OUR military working with Russia to fight ISIS in Afghanistan. K
Sir you have my utmost respect and  my sympathy you are working with an imbecile in new potus. Bannon created this monster
. Somebody call the nursing home John McCain is tweeting again. Take the phone away from him
can't read it unless I  buy a subscription. No thank you.
@inch2high @WSJ Didn't go so well last time!
let's stop fighting with the president and let's see what he can do!!
ball is in your court Senator, what are you actually going to do? Apparently, all parties are putting faith in you. So?
Problem is the Gov is using the money from the opium for black ops NWO agenda.  WE see you! you have been exposed..
for god sakes wet start, it's time for you to report back to the nursing home
@PRETTYGIRLGG11 @WSJ 
Now they have their puppet in Washington, the World is theirs!  Trump has no fucking idea!
It will only get worse thanks to your fellow Republican Trump
And the @gop @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr with no balls
Stop tryng to protect ISIS, and other terrorist, and stop trying to overthrow Assad. Stop war mongering! #YEYEEGF
Hello!! You remember Vietnam? We are remember
You remember Stinger Missiles?
It is McCain, 5.5 years in captivity. he's just crazy
History repeating itself and now we have an administration that couldn’t run a two-car funeral.
well, we've don a  Job now haven't we? @POTUS knows it & will fix
sickening!!!! Please stand for what's right and stand against the traitor @realDonaldTrump #RussianPuppet #Impeachment
That should be ok. let Russians handle Afghan. Our people should get out.
Let them have it and Syria too you Trump hating, war mongering, bitter, demented, old crackpot RINO.
PLS SAVE US FROM THIS INSANITY!! THE WHOLE WORLD IS TERRIFIED. THANKS TO @POTUS THE US IS THE TERROR STATE NOW!!!
Good ... I hope Mr. Putin puts an end to that conflict also
@suhasinih @WSJ are we looking at 1980s?Dominant Russia enetering Afg, &E.Europe?Trump wil prove costlier thn 2nd world war?
Afghanistan is   Russia's  neighbour! Just as Mexico  is   your country's!
Thanks for holding tough on Russia. @realDonaldTrump  has this all wrong!
25th Ammendment!
Trump is a upstanding guy right? He is taking this country down and the GOP
we should be talking about this! Not his crowds or votes!!!
So basically Syria.This is bad & Trump is allied with Putin so where does that leave America & our soldiers over there.
@You are worthless!! We want you to go a crawl into your safe place and never come out!!!!!!!
@inch2high @WSJ Putin bought a President
Trump probably invited the Russians back into Afghanistan after we softened them up with our blood and treasure.
Then don't vote in Tillerson! Trump is a traitor! Stand up to them Sir! We need you to put the nation first!
German politician said US wars in the Middle East are the cause of the Refugee Crises He didn't say NATO or Russia wars
They profit from our internal disorder, which was their intent in putting Trump in office.
shit gets complicated when you stick your nose in other countries religious wars. Costs to much American blood &treasure
are you going to play party politics or push for a treason/sedition investigation?
.@POTUS needs to investigate you and your boy Evan & Adam & your ties @SenJohnMcCain 
I'm thinking Putin  has something on you!!
straighten this out no resolution  in sight Republicans and Democrats are both at fault
Well maybe you can send them some weapons like you did before think of the money terrorist supporter!
There is always testing from opponents in the beginning. @realDonaldTrump won't do NEthing against Putin. Who will step up?
Are they bombing Americans? What will DJT do about friend Putin-If he kills Americans how will it affect pipeline deals
too bad Russia control ur party's nominee!
We will see shortly if Putin has Trump under his thumb. Then you will have to make a stand. He's working for Putin.
SOS! WE HAVE A CRAZY PERSON IN WHITE HOUSE WHO WANTS TO END SANCTIONS AFTER THEY ATTEMPTED TO IMPACT OUR ELECTION?
don't forget, @realDonaldTrump likes Putin. maybe he should call see if he could help Annex the world Putin. he'll help
Fake News.As usually.
Don't forget they have an old ''check''  open with Afghanistan ....and Russia don't forgets ....
this might be one you want to let them handle. Remember the last time they went into there it wasn't good.
please stand strong against self serving, bad decisions by Trump and his appointees
WHAT IN THE WORLD?  Are people paying attention? Why is GOP letting trump lead us to war?
Please tell President Trump Russia is not our friend. Someone has to get this man in check!
Геннадий Викторович Балашов
 5.10 это идея о том как освободить Граждан Украины от государства.
This war has lingered for too long. The nations involved need a chance to recover from the bloodshed. #KeepThePeace
Increase sanctions on #Russia
How did that work out for them last time they "pushed" into Afghanistan. #boggeddown
May talks tough on Russia, but Trump is ready to lift sanctions. What? Trump tries to intimidate ally, buts loves Putin
Still supporting Tillerson for SoS?
legacy; sell out to the Republic. Shame. @WSJ
u r corrupt as hell; what a legacy to leave behind in the USSenate. Shame on u sir!! @WSJ
I knew we were going to start a new war and kill Americans for @realDonaldTrump ego ppl will die

Just a reminder we the people will hold the @GOP responsible @ #midterms for allowing the DJT runaway train to run. #GOP
I am a democrat but I respect you a great deal. I am terrified of our new administration. Please keep speaking your truth.
Why are you not calling @realDonaldTrump saying NO to lifting sanctions as reported EO is ready to lift them @MSNBC
according to our president we shall sit by and do nothing, because our safety is first. Good luck Afghanistan
Do our leaders understand history? Afghanistan (1980s), East Berlin, Poland, and the list goes on...
You are abscessed with Russia. Remember, the Vietnam war is over - new and harsher war is now with ISIS. Get on wagon!
this article is about ISIS
Becuz that went so well for them last time or they have a new orange superpower they're teaming up w? This is ok w u?
The President is bought band owned by Putin Senator McCain. Time to put country first.
Putin and Trump friends? It is bad. 2 mad persons!
We need you to stand up to President Trump and Russia. Please vote against Tillerson and help stabilize our democracy at home.
#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
Relying on you, sir, to ensure independent investigation into Russian election meddling and to keep sanctions in force.
Please stand strong against Russia!
You'd think once bitten.....
preparing for war John?
impeach this traitor before it's too late! #removebannon #impeachtrump
Wonder what General Maddus thinks of this.
It's time to block this administration
The Afghans will be thrilled to see the Russians. The last time they literally made soup of some of them.
And little trump wants to make friends with Russia. Putin outwitted the dim wit and he doesn't have a clue how it happen
And thank you for your service (in all forms)!
more war John?  Isn't 16 years of steady war enough
I know you've been through a lot in your life, but please continue to fight for us and for reason.
help us please
& how was it you got us into this mess anyway John.  Vote #termlimits and do us a favor and leave.
Sir, America needs YOU, now
Right now.
Its all about altruism because nobody wants the lithium.  Right?  Special interests just want someone to bargain with.
mmm Why is Senate the ones in the dark? Russia will continue this nonsense & succeed as long as YOU keep Tsar in office.
How about stopping Trump from lifting Russia sanctions?
Is it the 1980s again?  I say this again Trump's regime is a threat to national security and foreign relations
Kremlins can't live without wars and murders because they need to scare Russians to keep them as own slaves.
This move made possible by DJT.
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ Well, then maybe it was a bad call voting to approve a Russian agent as Sec. of State.
This is just sad. At this point I think all gop members  are in on it.
Draft executive order lifting sanctions undermines efforts. Recent moves at State make Tillerson dangerous. Must NOT confirm
the House and Senate need to work TOGETHER to protect us and our interests around the world. Our president sure won't!
And what are you going to do? Stop tweeting and start acting?
;  Russia is needed to help with ISIS.
@DavidYankovich Thanks for the heads up , Moscow feels unrestricted and bold, danger for the US, were getting checked.
I think the Islamic extremists are a bigger threat to them then us. They do share a border.
U READ TRUMP?READ THIS.RUSSIA MAKING INROADS INTO AFGHANISTAN.ALL R LIVES&WORK FOR NOTHING.PUTIN THANKS U.
What could possibly go wrong?
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ So it begins. Cold War II, with a bozo stooge in the White House. What are you going to do?
Ive lost all faith in gov't, never in a MILLION years would I think REPUBS of all ppl would sell us out to communism so quick
They have been trying to for awhile. The propaganda goes back At least 2 years
Senator, dont let Trump to lift sanctions from criminal putin's cronies
let them have it! From a Vietnam vet.
Imp't mean impotent?
it worked so well for them the first time
Please keep working to keep sanctions .
You handed control of our Foreign policy to the Kremlin by voting for Tillerson, Look what they are doing now.
Help us John
OMG
Will you stand up to Trump when he removes sanctions? America is counting on you.
We can't allow this.  TRUMP Will.  Senate and Congress has to do something.
I'm sure Trump will punish them by lifting sanctions.
disguesting. U don't have to agree but Col McCain earned respect. You have no clue
