Thank you Senator...
they had a great movie on it so true
Sir, where are you on trump's response to the Alt Right Nazi people over the weekend? Please stand on the right side of history.
I have always liked u I hope u get better but I hope u get on board with trumps agenda which is the people's agenda instead of ur own
John McCain sides with Commies.
Unlike you, they were heros.
How can we call for war on a country for human rights violations when we have daily human rights violations in our country.
You betrayed countless Americans. Your ego has gotten the better of u.  Retire with the little dignity u have left.
And World War 1 was saved by seven Choctaw code talkers
NOT YOU ..YOU A TRAITOR
no one in their right mind really believes you give a rip about this country-only your own pockets . Traitor
Where are you today? Why are you silent? Are you standing with this guy, Trump?
Can he even stand still?
You know the Ignorant POTUS Does not Honor POWs He doesn't even know you could have left your mates but you chose to stay with them in Hanoi
POTUS Does NOt Know Sacrifice. He only Suffers if He thinks He is Unloved. He Never had to worry about Anything. He is Not of the People.
Yes they did ! Thank you
Why would anyone in their RightMindSupport an aimless Lying Administration which in the Next 4 years will Lead US to Ruin One way or Another
Do you think Alt-Right honors Navajo Code Breakers or Black Tuskegee RedTail Squadron or the Japanese American 442nd Most Decorated Unit?
Supporting the white supremacists who murdered #HeatherHeyer would be an impeachable offense.
He's not doing it now
Where are the statues of those Navahos located? I'd like to visit them...
We would not have won if it wasn't for THEIR Language, no one bothered to learn, being the code words. I Salute all Natives today!
At least Trump can't deport THEM!!!
Hey what do you have to say to President Trump North Korea backing down on their threat China giving him credit and mad dog Mattis
Tell Meghan to come back to 
Outnumbered, or is to to embarrassed by u.  U screwed us big time.  U r hated.
God forbid 45 should tweet about this
He probably wants to deport them.......
Opposite of what you did during Vietnam.
@SenJohnMcCain we need your help to heal our Country. The hate is gonna destroy us.
SENATOR I HOPE YOUR TREATMENT IS GOING WELL ,;I ALWAYS THINK OF YOU SIR !I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO HAVE A DISEASE! YOUR IN MY PRAYERS!

Indeed!
Same day nephew flew to San Diego to start Marine basic training. Honor student headed to college but decided to serve
I am concerned by the vast number of hate groups reported to be from your state. Senator, what will you do to root these out? #4WWIIVets
POTUS is ethically and morally unfit, he is destroying America please consider Impeachment. George Washington warned us of this.
Senator MCCain I hope your doing well and my prayers are with you against this fight we are with you every step of the way
This should read: Native Americans who saved countless immigrant's lives in WWII
Thank you for the tribute to my ancestors!!
The GOP criticizing Trump is ridiculous IMPEACH or order your white hood  Protect us or enable him   Your Up
Why don't you keep your mouth shut.  Why don't you get your radiation and live in AKS and don't come back to DC. We don't want you
Yes they fought with us against the Nazi/fascists, they are needed again now.
We all should be proud of and grateful to the Navajo Code Talkers who provided outstanding service to our country.
Trump and his Nazi admin will cause economy to tank- he gotta GO
Thank you for reminding us of their bravery and thank you for your own service!!  Prayers coming your way.
Think of this whenever McCain questions our POTUS
One wonders what kind of 'honor' they received upon return.
Coolest of the cool.
Thank you ♡♡
Nice words McCain, now why don't you get them some Uranium free water to drink?
They are the ones that deserve a statue. They are true heros we would not have won the war without them.
Heros
Are they welcome in the @gop?
Senator McCain,
Thank You for your Service and  Decency, if all Republicans mirrored you, America would shine on glory.
Thank you for the reminder of the power of our diversity.
We might need Code Talkers again.
No joke!
Now do right by Trump and us in Arizona
Now mmcain is dems buddy!
Braver than you McClutz..
Thank you for reminding us of the oft forgotten hero's who stepped up to save this nation.
Maybe the indian NATION shld stand up & demand their COUNTRY BACK! I GUESS THOSE WHT SUPREMACISTS R 2 DUMB 2 KNW WHOSE CNTY THS RLLY IS!!
Why DON'T u school yr neo-nazi friends of ths & othr hist'l fcts, i.e., BLKs, NOT WHITS, bilt ths cntry. Whch by th wy, belngs 2 th ind peo!
Maybe we should do more to give their land back?
And I'm thinking of you as you fight this disease.  If anyone can kick it, it's you.  Cancer picked the wrong person this time 
Please get well! We need you!
Gladly I would give them medallions to commend their courage 
Whitehorse isn't so far north
I'm going to join these good-looking young men in their rain dance the next time we meet at work
it's our art!
Ty. Now can someone make sure the land is LEFT ALONE?
And not you the traitor that cost countless american lives
@SenateGOP DONT LET TRUMP KNOW HE MIGHT WANT TO DEPORT THEM.
Love to all Native Americans
We are indebted to these courageous men & their families who used their unique language skills..their diversity..to protect our nation. T U
True Heroes just like you!
Call for impeach trump and his nazi advisors now
Thanks Senator McCain, don't agree with your excessive military positions, but have great respect for you! Thanks for being our statesman!
Let's honor them by leaving their tribal lands alone, by respecting their sacred places. Not drilling, harassing. We owe them.
Have your wife buy you another house and retire
Thanks for the information. Thank you for your service, Sir!
Who the fake Indian Warren...your traitor buddy
I love those brave Navajo! As a kid, my dad told us stories of the brave men that helped to win the war against Japan. He knew some of them.
Honoring valor, must make you grit your teeth.
Who must be ashamed of what's happening to America. Our President is failing us.
And a great reminder that nazi ignorance of the "lower races" left them more vulnerable to defeat!
SemperFi. We would not have won the Pacific without them
Let not Their Sacrifice be in Vain.....Call Out Treason...
Excellent post, and a timely reminder that minorities have always surprised us with their amazing contributions. Diversity pays dividends!
Proud to be Native American
My gratitude to each of them and their families.
You called me? I speak Navajo
Thanks for remembering @SenJohnMcCain
My father was a radioman in WWII and told stories about them. He admired them greatly.
Ya'ah'tee  TRuE Americans
you speak for everyone except your constituents, right McCain?
And who is left to honor POW/MIA you betrayed?  Other senators confirmed YOU concealed POW/MIA not returned by VN.
Many, many thanks to the many brave Navajo Code Talkers. Their special service must never be forgotten.
My grandfather was a NCT. I appreciate stmt of honor. Im sad it's given while a shameful, divisive, @POTUS is in WH. https://twitter.com/Limbaugh2016/status/896942689790373889 …
They made an incredible contribution to Allied efforts during the War in the Pacific.
Proud Indian nation. USA patriots
What about saving Americans from ObamaCare? Repeal and replace a bad government program. It's killing Americans.
If you honor the code talker senator then support their families' sovereignty rights. Don't let mining companies on the reservation
He lies he is a democrat in disguise from Arizona
Stories like these damn well prove the Nazi Propaganda Puppet Machine's attempts to divide us to conquer us must fail. 

Peace to you John.
Please do not tell Trump about this, otherwise he will call the Indians "immigrants" and ban them!
Another people abused by the white man
Thank You and Thanks to the Code Takers Yes It takes all of us
And you are doing them a huge disservice by not starting impeachment proceedings.
What staffer actually sent this? You know in the movies when kidnap victims hold up that day's newspaper?  We need that from John
AMEN SENATOR
AMEN... LET TRUMP TRY AND TAKE THAT AWAY FROM US. AND I AM CAUCASIAN.. DT LIED AND PLAYED HOOKIE WHILE REAL MEN LIKE U WENT.TU
they bravely fought the Nazis...so proud of these Native American heroes
Japanese
the war was against both factions
White Supremacists are Nazi's who want "Their" country back. I wonder what the hero's from #NavajoCodeTalkersDay have to say about that?
Thank you for the reminder....my father was a WWII vet...
But first you did to them what Hitler did to the Jews...
Windtalkers
the best!
That sure doesn't include you. You're a fraud, liar, traitor. Pls stay hope and take care of your health and rest. Seriously John just stop.
Amen
Real. American. Heroes. @USMC #NavajoCodeTalkersDay
Thank you for your recognition of them.
Salute to those heroes who gave their lives to fight fascism even while not being treated as equal citizens back home
True Americans!
Thank you Senator McCain for the reminder. Special thanks to our Code Talkers !
Thank You for the reminder, Sir.
Real American hero's !  Thank you, for your service !  

#NaziTrump #KKK #GOP #ISIS #AlQaeda #Nazis

#Charlottesville
Amen
