Remember @SenJohnMcCain tried to get Russia to help fund his 2008 campaign? I wonder what he'd say if Trump did that https://wikileaks.org/wiki/Russian_mission_On_Fundraising_Letter_from_John_McCain_Election_Campaign,_20_Oct_2008 …
Please..
McCain, a traditional Reagan-GOP hawk, sought out Russian help while calling for action against Russia over the Georgia invasion?
Understand @SenJohnMcCain has never been anything but self-serving, hot headed brat who only cared abt himself, & did little 2 deserve kudos
Says you..but in 2008 McCain was critical of Bush over not doing enough about Russia invading Georgia & called for tougher Russian policies.
McCain was what in 2008? Oh yeah - a loser.
McCain did lose, but that doesn't change his political calls for taking a tougher line against Moscow and, in retrospect, he was right.
So where's McCain on investigating the Clintons and Podesta? Crickets. Absolute crickets. Oh yeah - she would have beat him too in 2008
Clinton lost, Trump is president.
Whataboutisms about Clinton do not mitigate Trump's weakness, incompetence and actions.
Move on, Kermit.
Sad to say, but it looks like the Kremlin is getting busy with its (now familiar) bag of tricks to protect their investment in Trump.
Looks ...right off the Russian honey trap's Facebook page. She must love you  Johnny.... https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1678072182410850&set=pb.100006242531258.-2207520000.1499911367.&type=3&theater …
I would highly recommend against using that graphic. It looks like  you're taking Trump's approach of pointing at #Fakenews to deflect.
True... still seeing M*ga hits a nerve, even when it's used by someone with moral convictions.
#AbuMccain
real #RU #treason 
#Syrian Rebels Worried #CIA Might Stop Sending Them Arms http://theantimedia.org/syrian-rebels-worried-cia-arms/ …  
#ICANN (root transferred)
@MeghanMcCain If it reported you as a RINO, THEN IT WASN'T FAKE. Stop trying to undercut Trump!
Trump is the definition of a RINO.
McCain has become more of an obstructionist than the Democrat's. He's been in Congress too long.
You are fake news John McCain, sorry I ever voted for you big mistake!
VOTE HIM OUT
Arizona constituent here. We are starting to lack trust in you. Trump is a fraudulent POTUS. All talk & no action says party over country.
John Are you talking about the fake news you promoted on Trump.  Or are you talking about your POW fake news.
No one believes you.
Support your party and the POTUS. He came through for the party by beating corrupt Hillary and deceitful Obama. Now perform and produce!
I agree. If you cannot support Trump our @POTUS then you need to go down the road and retire to your shelter in AZ.
After all the donations from #Soros execs, do you think McCain would ever support #POTUS ?
No
Are you referring to the Dossier that you moved heaven and earth for?
Dear Senator, I believe You mustn't be worried of another evil empire's attempt to blacken You. You are more than credible. GOD bless You
I think you're the only "Fake". Stop pretending you're a Republican. You, Sasse, Flake & your buddy Graham are RINOS. "Primaries" Can't Wait
You sir are a hero for our great country. My father did 3 tours over in nam and I have all the respect in the world for you
How long can you play the POW card?
Hi @karyn19138585 it is not about the POW card. My father did 3 tours of nam and anyone that served in any of our wars is a Hero
He wants us to think the "honest" Russians he's been connected with  were as unlucky as deceased Clinton associates.
Very suspect that Dems and you have same talking points on Russia. Lets investigate Dossier fully and see what we find out!
The photo showed her shoes and legs under the desk you were sitting at. Looked like her shoes. Honest mistake. You were really smiling. 
I respect your integrity and you are a true American hero.  My thoughts and prayers are with you at this most difficult time. Take care.
John McCain is letting trump take my country down the drain because he is scared to death of the bully lire in chief.
What a liar.  Arizona vote him out.
My Senator. True Patriot.
https://twitter.com/david_3435/status/885284154090369024 …
you need to concentrate on fixing health care nothing else until it is done
Yeah right this rino is involved with fake Russian news against trump
Way to get ahead of this! now that's how you get AHEAD of something.  You can see the Russians and fellow Republican sympathizers at play.
Wow Sen you have bought the narrative known as fake news if story is incorrect say that, if story is inaccurate that's what it is not fake
Now this is active transparency. Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain! Now please give tips to Exec branch on how to do this.
Oh, so you'll call out fake news when it's on you...but not our @POTUS Probably because you're the damn source of it!
thanks for the heads-up.
#NeverMcCain
Your turn for Dems I guesse
from Hero to zero in my book sir

Be careful and refute what you know to be false.  Thank you.  I will share this because I know this is contrary to who you are.
Glad you put out this statement
It is always fake when you willingly work with global zionists who want a new world order.
you played a big part in the Russian dossier that Hillary paid for to get dirt on Trump.we saw the proof of what you did
Dealling with a foreign intelligence agency to get dirt on Trump. Shameful ... http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  via @MailOnline
I thought you meant the story where you went out of your way to get dirt on Trump!   http://dailym.ai/2jctJHh  via @MailOnline
Cover Ups Can Come Back To Bite you! Any email chain you'd like to share? She was granted special perm to be in this country. U know???
These are your buddies, you seem to love so much! Truth just hit you in your face !
This is all "very concerning." Followed by ZERO action unless you're considering interrupting @KamalaHarris action. Do. Something. Now.

John John! Not you too? Guess I should not be surprised
This isn't fake news
Is the fake news that you oppose DJTJr's collusion with Russia or that you have any patriotism left? Or that you're NOT all talk/no action?
the only problem "fake news" term is discredited by the president. though I'm sure the story is fake.
Time to stop stuff like this and get the traitors out of the WH.  The damage they are doing will soon be irreversible
The only fake thing around here is how you pretend to be a Republican and support the American public. Just come on over to the dark side.
Say hello to Soros next time you see him
Subterfuge!  You're a paid hack!  Support your president!!!
Russian Lawyer Veselnitskaya Posted Picture on Facebook from inside John McCain’s Office
I believe you Sen. McCain. But just say "false story" or "false claim".
The words "Fake News" are well tainted now by our Comrade in the WH.
Oh!.....NOW you want to use the Trump terminology.
But you have confirmed all trump appointees with Russian ties. Russian tied Wray will get your approval too. Do we need more collusion?
https://twitter.com/jamesfourm/status/885206093605072901 …
So you were working with Ukraine also?  Did you set Hillary & DNC up with their Ukrainian collusion?
If you're having trouble finding proof of Russian collusion look no further than a mirror !
Now you're quoting the guy who made fun of your time as a POW and using anti-free press rhetoric? How the hell do you live with yourself?
Is it FAKE NEWS that you are being sued for your part in the Russian dossier?
What about This?
BREAKING
 
Letter obtained shows John McCain requesting campaign contributions from Russia for his failed run for POTUS. 
you need to retire you have forgotten what we the people voted for
I always knew the senator is pond scum, but u couldnt say anything because johnny's a "warhero" - hes just scum.
Start pushing harder against DJT & Russia, our whole democracy is at stake! I supported you in 2008. Also don't trash health care!!!!
Smoke=Fire if we follow your agenda
Sucker, he gets you before u get him. You're just not consistent enough. Mixed messaging. His army of deplorables works hard, much to lose.
Really? You are just helping to normalize this . If it's untrue just say that. Don't fuel the fire with propagandist phrasing.
So @SenJohnMcCain  is the one who set up @DonaldJTrumpJr and has been leaking
This is all I need to know...
Yeah, looks totally legit 
You backed Clinton & worked with Dems to undermine Trump. Disgraceful. You chose poorly, Sen McCain. Now it's time for consequences.
Abuse of power. War Crimes. Ethnic Cleansing. Torture. Genocide. Racism. No Shame.
@seanhannity @FoxNews @OutnumberedFNC

You assumed Clinton would win and that your criminal activity would be covered up. You were careless and lazy. Now you are being exposed.
Seems you've been caught out Sen McCain. You also worked on the fake Steele dossier. Your days are numbered.

You can probably track it back to Russia but Trump would believe it because Putin.
Treason- who did you send over to the UK to pick up a fake dossier that was created & paid for by Dem's for you to circulating around DC.
Dude Get a Grip on Reality.. Please Check yourself in for Psychological Testing. Poor Baby Fake News Surprise welcome to the real world
2) with U and UR cronies.  When U go to other countries pouncing on UR own President U deserve this backlash
You are funded by Soros and the Saudis. Support your country and @POTUS if you have one ounce of your soul still intact and redeem yourself.
Sucks to be accused of such things as Russian conspiracies huh Johnny boy?  Welcome to @realDonaldTrump 's world, now U know what he puts up
Thank you ! Although I don't agree with you on fundamental issues you are a noble man and I thank you for your service to our great nation.
finally exposed McCain needs to go he's been against our president behind the seen since day 1 get a job on CNN or msnbc you'll fit right in
It's only real news when it's something bad about Trump according to you so now we're supposed to believe that this is fake news
You are a fake Senator sir
And reading your tweets you have all liberals following you or I should say 90% you're so upset that Trump won you just can't stand yourself
Instead of a hero you've turned into a traitor to your country and you really need to go
Johnny why don't you just give up take Mister 1% and you and go to the old folks home because it's not fake news and you know it

Let's be honest Senator- this likely was started by trump's team in an effort to stop you from investigating potus.
Stand up to the guy in office. would be patriotic. I appreciate your service but your party is letting us down by allowing this circus.
Probably true if you say it's fake.
When you post in this manner, you hurt@important institutions. This is an unwise approach - lacks credibility.
You are a bonafide RINO. Too bad for you, you will let your hate for @POTUS destroy you and your life in politics. Good riddance!
John PLEASE continue on with courage to tell the truth! Please!
There's an article out saying you have listened to   @POTUS phone calls w/ other HOS & you're a leaker. Is that Fake News as well Senator?
Don't try to imitate our POTUS.
it's amazing how wherever this #RussianCollusion story goes our Senator from the great state of #Arizona is right in the middle. #Peculiar
Debunking false/inaccurate stories = good. Supporting Trump's efforts to undermine 1st amendment rights by using the "fake news" meme = BAD.
How does it feel McCain...that's exactly what you did with the TRUMP dossier
John. Go to bed.
John Ewan Graham half Got targets on your back from this Administration I read a bunch of preachers on my Facebook they want you guys to zip
Keep on speaking the truth because the Liars in office can't handle the truth

I took the time to read your correction. I fear many will see "fake news" and believe you now feel this way about CNN, CBS, NBC, ABC, ect.
@MeghanMcCain your Russian explanation lol
How ridiculous why don't you just tell us so I don't have to go onto Facebook. We know what you're trying to do and it's not genuine
Look like you would correct  45 with all the fake news he is putting out!!!
Checked it out. I was appalled by some of the comments people made. It really makes me fear for our country. Hang in there Senator.
You're a fake Republican, go away.

We patriots know you played major role in dossier and leaks I guess your old habits are hard to break. Folks remember seen!

@RepAdamSchiff McCain belongs IN JAIL!
Just call it what it is - bullshit.
Good grief! Glad you are calling her out. Obviously we have to keep n top of this stuff.
I know there r things u must be doing behind the scenes. I cannot believe u accept this intolerable prez and situation. Please stand 4 us
Fake Republican Senator Alert!!!!
Soooo, who in the WH do you think circulated this fake news story in an attempt to drag you into the morass? My money is on @SteveBannon
The story that you're a Maverick who won't just rubber stamp lousy secretary nominations?

What has America come to when GOP lawmakers see nothing wrong in meeting w/ Kremlin emissaries promising interference in our politics?
I would hope the fake news was you voted for tRumpcare, time to not forget about Americans like we never forgot about you in Vietnam ?????
This is an excellent way to respond to false information.  Thank you.
Isn't it time to retire Senator?
You probably don't remember her being there.
So come on, Natalia and her friends are the ones you worked with to make the fake dossier, wasn't she? Oh, poor Traitor Johnnie, gig is up!
That's genuine fake news now tell potus the difference
Ya uh huh. Like all the #FakeNews  about @POTUS ? You liar. You conspired with ISIS why should I believe you? 
Touchy, touchy. So let's talk about the dossier, John.
Please write "lie alert". I don't mean to tell you what to do, but this gives credence to Trump's claims. No fake news—only news/lies.
Yes. Fake news is thrown around and has a new meaning these days.
Trump is targeting you.
But let's make sure to differentiate between 45's definition of fake news and actual fake news. Yours is. His is often not.
So it's ok for YOU...But NOT for the Trumps??

The only thing fake is the sincerity that you actually care about Country over Party.
You were colluding with the Russians. Resign.
The great American hero!! Working to destroy our democracy. I hope you are very proud of yourself.

Did russia hack u
@PutinRF has great poll #s in Russia. We would never elect him here but why should we tell them who their leader should be?
Is this on a blog site? I haven't seen it in reports. Becuz all the "fake news" claims in real news stories - i would alert differently.
Soros lapdog, believe nothing you have to say.. stand by our president and get the HC bill done , then you may get some credibility!
Along to get this traitor out of the White House!
Senator, you know where that story came from right? Traitor Trump! I really hope you've been hiding the fact you've been working all
Clearly, Trump bots and misinformation trolls are getting desperate. All America-first Republicans in office do stay frosty! #resolute
What-that you are involved with that fake dossier?
@SenJohnMcCain  you are fake news
Was it the rumor that you showed up to a hearing sober? FAKENEWS!!
When will you address Trump's conspiracy with Russia?
You are a traitor to this nation. You need to resign!
Sen.John McCain, Armed Services Committee Chairman, GOD Bless Always.

Oh, so you've cornered the market on the good Russians, that's a relief I thought you were begging donations from bad ones
Don't worry, Senator. We are not falling for that nonsense. If 2016 did nothing else, it immunised us from BS.
Blow hard
They should throw you out of the senate you louse-slime!

How dare you proffer that phony Russian sourced dossier against PDJT!

Get lost!
How about you generate some real news and help remove the first family from Washington?
How come you haven't talked about treason?
Thank you for co-authoring this. However, we have a person determined to destroy US in the WH. Stop protecting him.
This country is a banana republic.  The GOP needs to find the resolve to remove Trump from WH and Russia from American politics.
Good on you. It is important to dispel attempts at disinformation.
I think Trump's in financial and political debt to Russian oligarchs up to his eyeballs. Time will tell if I'm right.
This isn't fake. It's reality!
This is FAKE FUCKING NEWS! It's coming from the FAKE FUCKING WH!Via Alex Jones, Breitbart & FOX NEWS!
Someone report you and @JeffFlake are having town halls?
So, you're above working with foreign dictators for your own political gain? Good. Support removing anyone who disagrees then.
So much revolves around RU oligarchs' dislike of Magnitsky Act. 
I think Trump's personal attacks on you make more sense considering this.
1 using FAKE NEWS ALERT just feeds #Lairinchief's narrative, STOP
2 Before the Comey hearing I'd have believed u no doubt, now I don't know
Ur attitude on all this keeps flipping, this photo would explain that-Said it yesterday, U NEED TO PICK A SIDE Country or tRump #complicit
We never had "fake news" until Trump came along.
I've been reading the news for years .  The 1st time I heard the phrase "fake news" was about 9 months ago by Trump.  I hate that phrase 
The insanity of it all is that some people really are beginning to believe  our free press is BS. That's a huge problem for the country
I have a big appreciation for the Free Press.  Tyrants,  Dictators , and Trump don't like the Free Press.
The problem with the "free press" is they have an obvious agenda. Anyone that takes an honest, open minded, look at media will see the bias.
good point. me thinks the larger prob. is 24/7 coverage and media celebrities offering their opinions.
