Gee thanks - I love my water and air polluted.
this is shortsighted, and displaying a clear lack of understanding how a watershed functions.
GO The Hell Away
I'm confused.  Does the idea of polluted water please you? #russia #resist
Get your ass on a plane and go to Flint .. actually meet people who are drinking & bathing with bottled water
Go work on the safety of the VA parking lot so disabled Vets can safely walk into the AZ VA
your not a dem yet
So given the power, private land owners will do the right thing? We all share a common water table.
A portion of a river can be on your land/farm/golfcourse etc., but is part of a greater watershed.
Historically, private citizens will not take financial hits to regulate environmental issues. They expect their
You no dam well the only back room deals with Russia is with the DNC HRC & ... http://m.tmi.me/1fhSKl 
as he ruins things with disregard of EPA  and installs pipelines that will destroy water go coal mine water
I believe it's better to use caution with regard to our water resources -regulations keep our air and water safe.
Finally!! Years of EPA regs caused contamination in Flint Michigan & other rivers and stream throughout country
people like you are why this country's doomed.
The EPA waited to.long to warn the people of Flint under Obamas dictatorship. Doomed no more.
@GregMazares @havasunews McCain said raid where SF hero killed was a failure. Last night proved wrong!
why because DT use that woman's grief for his own political advantage? It was not a success
What do YOU think of this?
With much respect sir, a river doesn't stop flowing at the state border. It's a national asset.
way to focus on the only positive thing you can. This admin is a train wreck.
don't these folks have children, grandchildren or like to fish?
Unpopular? To what locals? The ones who lose money? What about POLLUTION?????
what a shame for the environment these changes.  This will come back to haunt us all or our kids and grandkids.
mm yeah gimme some of that coal black water laced w/ heavy metals. Yeehaw
U better start being positive toward @potus people have lost respect for you!
He really doesn't care about the Environment does he?
you are a traitor for not supporting Potus in front of foreigners!!  Time for you to go!!!!!!!
can't have the useless clean water. unamerican
it's not #MAGA anymore, it's #MAPA, Make America Polluted Again.
shameful that you don't care about clean water for your grandchildren
So, removing rules increase jobs, in what, healthcare cause of more sick people?
are they stupid? Who wants dirty contaminted water.
So water in one state that feeds water in another state shouldn't be under a single set of rules?  
local corporations which can now make more money in exchange for safe drinking water SF!
Maybe you could import some of that nice coal mining waste and mix it in as an added bonus.
yay, the right to pollute the waterways is here again!
Drain that water out Of the Colorado River before it reaches Mexico. Yep. MINE MINE MINE. 
This might be depletion of ozone - higher ceiling - more rain less often. Area must be overpopulated+ dairy farms
come on John.  You can't honestly believe polluting water is a good thing. Do you not care about your children?
I don't understand the "reasoning" of this,end the day it usually amounts to corporate money!
AZ likes undrinkable water?
How hard did you dig for that article?
How hard will WE have to dig for clean water.
This will affect your kids
water is already becoming an issue. But what the heck youbwont be around for everyone's demise
UNITE DEFENDING WHAT WE LOVE
THE ATTACK ON WHO WE HATE
DOESN'T MAKE US WHO WE ARE! GLOBAL EARTH SOLIDARITY!
Hooray, we can pollute our water again   
Don't understand how humans can applaud water pollution.
A storm is coming 
hey, the people that really matter will have their unpolluted water ..... #45's cronies
Are you high???
So! Senator McCain! Are you actually being positive toward POTUS? I am amazed! You were acting like a DemoRat!
Even as a liberal progressive, I found these rules agency overreach. There are better ways to protect.
You all understand that water isn't contained on a landowner's property, right? Pollution there affects us all.
Yes we see you want to tear our country apart and reduce our world to a smoldering cinder. We CARE about the ENVIRONMENT!
TREATING THE SYMPTOM WITH THE POISON THAT CAUSED IT.
Yeah! Let's give 3 cheers for the right to pollute our drinking water! 
will we have New Legislation and Regulations that attempt to Protect our Drinking water from limitless Pollution?
are you celebrating this? I'm not applauding. Millions of us are NOT APPLAUDING!
WooHoo! We can pollute in the name of profits again!
the laws as written didn't protect the water, they just made loads of buracracies, that made it expensive to live
Sanctioned destruction of the environment should never be applauded. $$ now and forget our future plan is wrong.
TRUTH
#WOTUS
celebrating the end of clean waterways? You should be ashamed,
Water is the enemy. Build a wall around the water.
That seems real fishy comin' from the Alt US Navy!??!
I meant it in an _ironic_ way.
I'm onto you @AltUSNavy
plain and simple....it sucks! 
is this going to help farmers and ranchers or is this going to help Monsanto and big agriculture??
And how is it you never spoke against or took action during the Obama years? 894/899
They did this in Canada ... you think you got problems now ... the water acts protected fresh drinking water!
resign.
I am not applauding at all Senator
See you in court.
Locals are also concerned about possible Russian leverage in the White House. #russiagate
what leverage are you talking about.
