Go fly a kite! The President spoke clearly he's against all of this racist crap who cares how everyone wants to twist this!
There is a place in hell waiting for you. Tick tock karma has found you.
Hint 2: @SenJohnMcCain -- Here's you with the leader of Svoboda.
Mr. MaccCain also has a nice Pictures with the leader of @ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
I am being facetious.
So then why did you support Neo Nazis in Ukraine? Why do you support Nazi collaborator George Soros? Why do you...
Support Islamist terrorists in Syria?
So IS  #BLM #ANTIFA and with all due respect shame ON YOU FOR NOT SAYING SO
Senators who say for 7 years they're gonna repeal Obamacare, and then lie and do the opposite aren't patriots either, Senator. U SUCK!
....and Black Lives Matter? .....Antifa? Condemn them all!
We are fighting that's why we voting u out
Just like Antifa are traitors to our country and the President should declare so.
Yep even from you John, and your money man Soros. You are just as bad as they are
First time this year I've heard you speak sense. That said, please retire soon.
I wonder if trump will stop retweeting those fake patriot white supremacists. Or have CVE focus on them again. Trump should retire if ANYONE
Antifa aren't anti-fascist, they ARE fascists - admit it.
AND SO ARE BLM AND ANTIFA WHY ARE YOU NOT TALKING ABOUT THEM ??? NEVADA DEPLORABLE ##MAGA
Amen John, so does that mean Bannon and the other white supremacists in the WH count as being traitors? Because I think they do.
All Republicans are not white supremacist! Stop with all the white privilege talk. We are all Americans with the same rights and privileges.
Bannon, Gorka, Sessions, and Miller at the very least are. I'd even put the President among them. If you reject racism, u have to say enough
Categorizing 60M Republicans as white supremacist is ignorant! I love my President and I'm not a racist.MAGA
when was America great in the past?  What year?
Every year until 2016 we were doing pretty good.
Seriously what year does MAGA refer to?
Yes! Please get better! You are my hero.
John McCain reportadly receives money from George Soros whose sent ANTIFA to Charlottesville. Paying back your Soros globalist master?
Thank you John. I hope you
 Are feeling alright today.
Thank you Senator McCain for stepping up once again.
Get the facists out of the White House. The GOP has turned white supremacist today for real. Are you part of the Republican Party? @GOP
The @GOP started this hate crap so it's time for them to FIX IT!
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/2017/8/12/16138358/charlottesville-protests-david-duke-kkk …
Thank you senator.
If u truly believe that then all the Rs should ask Trump to resign or impeach immediately 
Actions speak louder than hollow words
When are YOU going to do that regarding Trump, Bannon, Miller, and Gorka?
Will you take a stand against the man advised by Bannon and Gorka, who specifically avoided condemning these KKK/Nazi traitors?
Once again, John McCain is a true patriot.  Many members of the Senate from both parties could learn from him.
Easy to do

#TaxReligion
#Treasonous Pos
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/BrqcsAFkh2F …

https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/CGRQpDA1ohq …

https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/ZYRW794ah8n …

https://youtu.be/yflQd2jyp7Y 
John feel badly abt your brain cancer but shut up w/such bs already. Your judgment has been clouded for years, while you armed our enemies
In syria. You have lost all credibility among your own base. Go away now.
They are not "White Supremacists"! They are RADICAL WHITE NAZI TERRORISTS! DON'T BE AFRAID TO SAY IT @SenJohnMcCain !
Yes, I agree 100% but there were 2 groups today Antifa the far left were there also. Both are extremist
Hatred and bigotry always come from leftists like you.
Well said Senator McCain
YOU UNDERSTAND HIS TIES WITH KKK GOES WAY BACK TOO RIGHT?
The only Republican that makes sense.
I'm trying to find your tweet on BLM and Antifa hatred as well. Can you repost? 
Thank you. Too bad our President can't quite say it like that. How long is GOP going to leave him in. His ambiguous response today was-sad.
thank you yet again senator. But you know what needs to be done. Remove Trump, Bannon, Miller ASAP. It's your final mission.
Even a broken clock is right once a day.
It's disgusting before you to pick one side is idiotic both sides are to blame when will you open your eyes and see this will only escalate
Which is why you need to call for Sessions, Bannon, Miller & Gorka to be removed.
I have found myself for the last 2 or 3 weeks agreeing with the things I have heard coming from you.
An overwhelming number of Americans condemn their actions.  A radical group's action does NOT even begin to reflect any true American!!! 
I don't understand. Trump was ALL ABOUT THIS and you backed him.
Cc @realDonaldTrump @potus 
This was was a HATE RALLY & an a domestic terrorist attack #charlottesville
#BreakingNews Heather Heyer 31yr-old paralegal, was the the young woman who was killed today by #JamesAlexFields
RIP
#Chalottesville
Heather Heyer went to support protests against the AltRight umbrella group composed of groups like KKK & White Supremacists.She's a hero too
Wrong. She was protesting their violence, their use of terrorist tactics like lynchings, their antics to silence blacks and people of color
This was not a peaceful protest. Many were injured and 3 killed. She was protesting things from the past that these groups have done also
Your party bears enormous responsibility for the Trump/Bannon/Gorka/Miller White House.  Your statement welcome but not enough.
Exactly. Talk is cheap.
Pithy!
Thank you, Senator McCain!
Then why don't  you call out Trump when he spews hateful, violent rhetoric?

EPIC TWEET OF THE CENTURY
And FIRE #NazisInTheWhiteHouse  NOW!!!  Get rid of #BannonMillerGorkaMustGo
And #IMPEACHTRUMP and rid the rest of the #Roaches
Senator, your intelligent tweet brought out th lowest of the low. I hope your more honest compatriots will specifically condemn these Nazis.

How many have cops have been murdered by white supremacists vs the number murdered by antifa and black lies matter
They maybe white but they ain't supreme. Call them white not supremacists.
Tell me more about these traitors
And the Neo fascists who call themselves ANTIFA. When will u call them out for the thugs they are?
HUMAN NATURALLY SELFISH. NEED TO TEACH LOVE TO WHOM BEEN SPOILED EXTREMELY BY HUMAN RIGHT GROUPS.

But they are Mien Kampf Trump supporters!He isn't going speak out against them!David Duke said doing Trump;s job in Charlottesville!
Again. You should be talking to George Soros & have him stop funding the US civil war!
See, @realDonaldTrump that's how you do it, it's EASY! Be a patriot like @SenJohnMcCain!!
Please remove Gorka, Bannon and Miller at once!
McCain is your neo-nazi sympathizer  search for Ukraine Svoboda and nazi and John McCain   He was all about supporting them
Well ur an expert at being a TRAITOR right "songbird" McCain
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1214440138685036/?pnref=lhc.unseen …
Dear Sir. we don't agree about much...save perhaps decency. And, I wish you healing & recovery sincerely ... u r needed. Obviously. eh? xo
Antifa aren't patriots, they're terrorists. American must unite against violence and hatred.
Here is your "OTHER" side, ANTIFA, chanting for the end of OUR Republic! KKK and ANTIFA, both sides SUCK! SAY THAT!  https://youtu.be/O_yFPFgZmQw 
Senator, call for an impeachment. This country would unite behind you.
We'd put him on Mt. Rushmore! There'd be McCain statues in every park!
Nah... MCCain is a sellout traitor. Look up the Forrestal aircraft carrier where John here got 130 sailors killed.
How did he get them killed, exactly? I've read he was there, but it was a missile malfunction on an F4 Phantom. McCain flew an A4
You just overheat that bot chip circuit I smell burned wires...
Sums all you cowards up.
So, no answer on how, exactly, McCain got those sailors killed, huh?
SPREAD THIS EVERYWHERE
#WhiteSupremacists #DomesticTerrorism #ArrestTheNazis #ResistTrump 
To feed his base! Promotes fundamentalist white terror network, with Bannon Miller Gorka leading not happening anymore in America
No, not is not
Always appreciate your thoughts in some of the worst days, the last 200 for example:) ty Alexander
Yes! The Far Left has made it horrible on American voters. They are insane and will stop at nothing to dump Trump and our Constitution.
Oh bots heating up, they must be overtime to spin reality!
Kind of like providing North Vietnamese with military information in exchange for better treatment.
Maybe the #senate can describe these organized #terroristgroups, outlaw them and round up their people and send them to an unnamed island?
But you helped install neo nazis in Ukraine. You're a raging hypocrite.
Be careful who you call a traitor, I remember what you did in the Vietnam war. Nixon gave you a pardon...who is a traitor??
Let start with you
Look who's declaring the definition of traitor.
Don't all Americans also have the right to free speech & assembly without being maced? Even if we disagree with kkk or Marxist nutters?
And we must also unite against the thugs from Antifa who are no better
Curtail your recess. We, the people DEMAND the 25th amendment be invoked! If not now, when? When America is a crater?
“No #Trump! No #KKK! No #fascist USA!”
Silence=Consent.
Again, thank you from having it right from the beginning, unlike the disasterous president.
You're politically correct chickenshite for not calling out BLM in the same breath.
Come back soon senator, we really miss you
Neither are Black Lives Matter and the AltFa!
Why are you standing with Svboda a Ukrainian Nazi group part of the 2014 regime change
Well said!
You should know what a traitor is,, right John?
Get rid of Soros and the Global elites and America will be great again
Senators, governors, mayors, and councilmen need to step-up to forces that want historical monuments removed like they never existed - HATE
McCain, 99 percent of u.s are against hatred and bigotry. But  be fair, when did you  last call out  the alt far left supremists.
And you know all about being a traitor don't ya!
tell that to the white supremacist in charge and his Klan in the White House, please.  Thank you, America 
@Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump From An American patriot unlike pres
You ready to condemn antifa and #BlackLivesMatter as well ? If not, then you need to zip it.
Thank you for this. Wish our POTUS would step up and denounce these acts of hatred.
Why did you support the nazis in Ukraine?  You're pictured in stage with them?
do something, time for talk is over
Absolutely right!  Now if only you wouldn't have supported Nazis (Right Sector/Svoboda) in Ukraine in 2014, that statement would mean more.
what about Antiffa and Alt left. Another suck up Rino statement.
Agreed. Now demand Trump remove said traitors from his admin. #fireGorkaBannonMiller
Actually, you are a traitor. 

You promised repeal and replace and you voted 'No.'

Then you laughed with the Democrats. 

YOU ARE A LIAR!
You're right, but it seems you have no problem with Nazis when it serves your purpose. Like the coup you and HRC pulled off in Ukraine.
Thank you for saying what our president refuses to.
then please start impeachment proceedings on Trump as he is a white supremacist with an inner circle in the oval Steve Bannon Stephen Miller
Never once did you call for removal of KKK member Robert Bryd!  Hypocrite.
You know who else is a traitor? #impeach45
Anarchists on the far right or left need to be eradicated they hide behind freedoms that they abuse God Bless America
Senator McCain - I agree. Will you help us rid the WH & administration of white supremacists? We need your help & that of all senators
Demand @realDonaldTrump he recant his racist supporting statement NOW!
Only a traitor could spot another traitor good job John McCain
They voted against healthcare repeal and replace....
Says, the traitor. john, a shell of a man and cozy with all sorts of terrorists. At home, and abroad. How many deaths have you caused?????
I despise white supremacists & any other hate group of any color. You @SenJohnMcCain are no better than any of them! SHAME! 
You're the proven traitor. You just got away with it.
@MeghanMcCain  real talk

Pro veteran Trump signs bill helping vets get access to private medical care http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-signs-bill-helping-vets-get-access-to-private-medical-care/article/2631366 …
Divergent ,exposition of alliance..not ever republican
Why is the Senate leadership tolerating Neo-Nazis working in the WH? Shame!
Can you please remove them from the WH please starting with Trump!
Don't worry John. They're gonna.
what about using constant #threats of #violence to make other countries do what #usa says & #killing thousands if they dont? its a bit #nazi
Their white naivete is the sole basis for being ostensibly OK with #TreacherousTrump selling us out to #racist white Russia

Neither does black lives matter why don't you speak out against them in public or does that affect your vote you are fake go back to bed
John, Antifa, Democrats Media Matters Facist been instigating violence for months. Where we're u?
you don't have to be white to be a neo-Nazi wouldn't it be better if we simply remove race from our arguments ?
Think about it. When you categorize people using a common racial characteristic you are participating in racism.
@SenJohnMcCain Is a traitor to America if we truly unite against hatred he will be thrown out.......... #MAGA get rid of McCain
John McCain : Traitor to the American POWs in the Hanoi Hilton, traitor to MIAs Left behind in VN. Traitor to the American voter.
Terrorist def: person using unlawful violence and intimidation, esp against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.
Thank you Senator for doing what @realDonaldTrump refused to do.  Now; how about taking action to remove this idiot from our White House?
What about ANTIFA  & BLM? Patriots or radicalized insurgents...like you and your Obama crew?
Thank you for your words, Senator.  Praying for you.
And you were a traitor on Repeal and Replace Obamacare along with Murkowski and Collins! RINO's! Get out of the Senate! RETIRE!
Your hatred for Trump and bigotry against those who approve of his agenda makes you the cranky old career politician with anger issues.
Nor are obstructionist Senators who break campaign promises #TCOT #GOP
Wise words senator you are a honest man and maybe the last hope for America to stop the growing evil in the white house @cher
Well said, sir. At times I misjudged you. Thank you for making this stand against intolerance and nazism.
How are you still breathing? Please stop
And the plan is...?
Funny coming from you.
Then why do you support Antifa/BLM?
Pity your President doesn't feel the same. That's the problem with your country right now. @realDonaldTrump
Republicans supported Trump, they knew who he was. They must take some blame too.
They have always been Democrats like Nathan Bedford Forest & Bull Connors.
Call for #impeachment
True! We need to unite against ALL hatred and bigotry INCLUDING from ANTIFA and BLM that also committed many assaults in #Charlottesville
Thank you, sir
They are shitty people for sure, but let's be careful with the "traitors" label...that could go very wrong ....
Thank You Senator. #impeach45 #congress
Thank you. Dignity, integrity and leadership.
If you're going to address it, DON'T do a half ass job! #Nazis #BLM & #Antifa are ALL showing the worst of America!! Not what #MAGA is about
Thank you for saying this, now go hold our President accountable for his words (or lack thereof)
takes one to know one....songbird.
Do what's right and IMPEACH45!..
Sir they are the Republican base. One that Trump supports.  This will continue unless we #ImpeachTrump now. @GOP will only survive if you do
Thank you!
So when are you going to come out against antifa and blm? Why is it that only white people can hate? #songbird #notantiprotesters
They're traitors for believing something u disagree with? Sounds pretty exteme
Can you and @JohnKasich and @JonHuntsman start your own party, please? I'm in.
LOVE THIS Mark. You go boy. Ive been saying the same thing for years
Thanks @wkpixley1 !
Little late with your tweet. Cruz,Ryan,McConnell were right in it
Great that Rep are speaking out,but put action behind it.stop voter suppression in Ohio, protect immigrants.Propose legislation.take action
I agree they are traitor s but so are u
Yes they are! And so are the Black Panthers and BLM!
Welcome
And neither are you!
Senator McCain we need you now more than ever to lead the charge to impeach this president who supports these white supremacist people HELP!
So, tell me how he is supporting them.  He has expressed his disdain for them for many years.  He doesn't support ANY of these hate groups.
It is sad to see thousands of American died fighting the Nazi and POTUS bring them in with open arm.
I think you got some 'splaining to do, Mr. Senator...
Incredible how his hypocritical nonsense has attracted 100k + likes.   Classic McCainsplaining.....
Apparently, his point of view is shared by the same hypocrites as himself
Speaking of traitors, the biggest one of all is currently the President. #ImpeachTrump and you can toss the whole lot out.
Too bad that is all that supports your party
Thank u @SenJohnMcCain for consistently not being afraid to put the disgraceful and horrible president in his place!
We got this. You keep your B/P down. How's it going? Love ya
