John McCain--Thank You for your service--now just please go away as you are currently clueless.
investigate Putingate.
@POTUS McCain you just not hip your judgement is pure shit ! 15 yrs at War No win ! fact !!!!!!!!!!!
stay on POTUS with regard to Russia - there is something there....  let's see his tax returns
Appoint INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATOR into #TrumpRussia!! Why did GOP vote to keep his tax returns secret? Traitors all!!
the issue is... they all got spotted some cash.. and they won't investigate because they may have paper trails.
He has something on them all. The ppl must not let up.
the real issue here is that Americans were so gaslighted they brought the swamp to Washington..
You're sane & rational, sir. Can't you make @GOP pay attention to #climatechange please?! 

#ClimateAction #Resistance
- Follow Trump!  Stop being a RINO!
How about we talk about the traitor in the White House. That's more important, don't you think??
I was going to say the same thing!
you need to get over it!  He got elected so pony up!
you are not the president
if you truly wish to do this and you are happy with Supreme Court choice, you need to work with Trump.  He did get elected!
potus doesn't need any more enemies. Bite your tongue.
.@SenJohnMcCain Soros pays Merkel in addition to paying you. Here's the VIDEO of you trashing .@POTUS in Germany.
Make our Armed Svs. stronger. Leave them in tact. Help the people where they need to be helped.
We need an independent commission to investigate Russian ties.  Americans deserve that
I appreciate your steady hand/ voice. Please keep it up! I am not strictly conservative, but just appreciate logic..
glad you are capital hill..
Can you 1st help to reshape an administration that is in bed with Russia? You know that country that meddled in our election
What are you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
When will the bipartisan investigation into the Trump-Russia connection begin? This is a real threat to national security.
What's your plan John, giving 200 nukes to China?
how on earth you can stay cool with this russian affair unfolding? Isn't treason and conspiracy a serious offense anymore?
Get your Rocking Chair out Senile Fool
Sorry to hear that. Bet the military is too.
no thanks
u should head back to Arizona and let PRESIDENT TRUMP suceed
, and who did u  give a thank u to, you on the wrong side
How about reshaping the life of returning veterans who end up homeless & in need of mental/medical VA care???
you sanctimonious do nothings are playing dangerously with American peoples lives, youll be lucky to have jobs in a few
you let things go for 8years if POTUS put him there he's agreed to follow it but you always seem to confuse mr. Hollywood
why not keep your beak out of it, there is no respect for you
head over to irs and get mad45s last 20 years of taxes. Russian ties!
focus on your day job Senator and give the President room to operate. you have become an embarrassment again
First Reshape our home! We would sleep better with u as President. Pls remove 45.  That man is not right in the head.
your a fake.. traitor
thanks for nothing back stabber! 8 years you have let us down! Now all of sudden you pop up! Wow! Forgive my sarcastic way!
Keep the president from destroying our institutions.  This is so distressing. Keep up the good fight ! Thank You
you love war .where's the investigation Into http://trump.HOW  QUICK YOU FORGET YOUR OUTRAGE . 6 more years
Please reshape the military's commander-in-chief—he's all bent outta shape.
please do something Senator!  Trump is a traitor!  Help us by standing up!
The American People want an Investigation into Trump's ties to Russia. DO YOUR JOB our National Security is at risk!
How can  we  reshape  U.S  military  when  you are in favor  of weakening  it  and  fighting the president .
Sad. Wish you were attending hearings on Russian enemy involvement in election and government.
We need indep investigation on RU involvement in our administration&election.What's up w/ RU spyship & jets buzzing us?
All due respect, but don't we have bigger fish to fry?????
Try not to blow anything up
you have the political capital to make a stand, and not doing so will tarnish your legacy. This is "easy D"
YOU need to take the lead on #kremlingate. This is not a partisan issue, it is a Natl security threat!
And when is the Russian investigation starting? You are the party of infinite HRC email & Benghazi hearings right?!
This is the pressing issue right now?????  Really????  You all need to stop only taking care of yourself, What about us????
We need an independent public investigation into Russian interference in election & ties to White House NOW!
If the GOP refuses to investigate the Trump campaign's ties to Russian intelligence we must refuse to let them govern. CRISIS
You are an embarrassment to the Republican Party... Please Resign
reshape the military so they don't report to our treason president?
Investigate #Russia hacking elections
stand with the President and stop these leakers! Do the right thing!
Get Er Done!
I get atomic bomb again Japan see frank he hehe frank thought Cuba no way.....
Feb 20-24 is State Work Period. Do you have any Town Halls planned?
why are our intelligence agencies working for Russia? Find the leaks!!!
our military doesn't need more money. Our schools, infrastructure, and our health system needs more money.
.@SenJohnMcCain Americans want you fired.Will you do what GeorgeSoros told/paid you to do? TermLimits & no more DC taxpayerfunded parasites!
.@Derigitable Another paid SorosHack .@SenJohnMcCain trashing Trump in Germany/VIDEO: http://www.blackandblondemedia.com/2017/02/17/mccain-rips-trump-speaks-usa-munich/ … .@seanspicer .@SenateMajLdr
Will Mr Kutcher be gaining access to this as well? why him, money/fame, your kids say he's funny on tv? -AZ needs Town Halls!
Now is the time to investigate Flynn and any others complicit in the Russia scandal.
Why is a Russian ship on our east coast. Why are we not responding to their missile launch?
Hurry. Russian fighters, Russian ships, Russian missiles--or military is being tested.
*our
#Russia #treason
hey, bro, Reshape the presidency first.
How come You're not on top of intel leaks?Look like Ali dancing about shadowing .@POTUS . Hmmmm! Remember, you're not #POTUS
Need independent hearing! Did Trump instruct his people to contact Russia before he was president?
please put country above party and demand a full, independent investigation of #Russiagate incl Trump tax returns
shouldn't you be starting the investigation process
OK. When you actually say or do something that MAKES A DIFFERENCE in the mess, I'll believe your good faith
It's great we are planning to rebuild our military, but we need to make sure we have the right person leading them...
independent investigator! Impeach now!
Keep the pressure on 45 and his admin. We need an independent investigation
You should be working on impeachment now!

you need to investigate TRUMP not whistleblowers! Make America whole again!
WHY would this be LIVE????? Do we WANT our enemies to know exactly what/how we are progressing?? Seriously!!??
When are you going to RETIRE from politics or is it a life time CAREER? Enough of the old brigades.
Please appoint an independent counsel to investigate Russian influence in WH. It is of grave concern to all Americans.
does it involve them having to learn Russian? 

#investigate
America is counting on you!
Where's the hearing on the Russian espionage going on in the WH? What a shit show this is! You don't have our backs
you should be heading for the retirement home instead
