thank you for having the balls to bring light to this. Freedom of speech is dwindling
Israel Lobby (neocon) lackey @SenJohnMcCain still pushing Zionist #PNAC Neocon agenda vs #Russia & #Putin http://america-hijacked.com/2014/02/24/us-has-neocon-agenda-in-ukraine-russia-analyst/ …
How many of us will be saying the same about Trump/Bannon/Putin?
You need to get over the past, practice forgiveness. Let go of the darkness.
Unbelievable and scary.
Putin Speech Exposes America is trying to destroy Christianity,traditional marriage,gender
Sir if you hate Russia let's see you vote for Trump to release his tax returns.  Man up.
A brave patriot. Godspeed.
go away #veterans for McCain recall.
Where's the Clinton campaign investigation with Russia???
Excellent story. What a brave man.Please keep investigating the Russia ties. It's a crucial & dangerous situation.
You point out how bad Russia is but refuse to investigate the close ties to trump
huh Walter? Can you deal in facts please
.Impressively done.As to the Trump/Russian connection--perhaps there is so much smoke so as to conceal the fire for right now?
Please keep the pressure on to fully investigate the Trump campaign gang
Maybe you should care as much about President Trump being monitored illegally.  I think I and graham both knew it was going on
No DOJ objection to Viktor Bout Sup. Ct. appeal filed the day Preet Bharara was fired?
- Leslie Stahl just had to begin by bringing Trump into it, didn't she? Last time we'll be watching...
just a reminder you are a Repubican, or maybe it should be a question?time to retire? Saddened by Ur hollywood type'comments'
Please keep up the fight to expose Trump/Russia connection. Democracy as we know it is at stake. Thanks!
WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND CONGRESS DO ITS JOB AND INVESTIGATE TRUMP"S RUSSIAN TIES AND HIS BUSINESS TIES!!!!!!!!
pls keep your eye on Russia. Can't trust 45 to do it.
"Unresolved shootings, suspicious suicides... sounds like the #DNC & Bill & #HillaryClinton

#maddow
says stupid..
get out of the cold war old man
watched it... lucky to be alive! Amazing Story!
Putin jails media, steals/hides billion$$ from his people & kills opponents. No wonder @POTUS says "strong leader"
@RichardGrenell @60Minutes @CBSNews Oh great! You're senile, a democrat and you get your Intel from very fake news.
not fake news way to many coincidences, keep up the good work you are one of the good guys (only one)
would like my 15.00 donation back to your 2008 campaign I thought I was voting a republican
What will be done if a direct link is found between Russian, and President Trump during the campaign?
This Russia/Putin hysteria HAS TO STOP. Your treason is going to be exposed. Thanks for your service, but retire.
Please stand up against Russia Trump alliance. Big Oil, Greed, will be the end of this country. I love the USA.
Yet you continue to cover for @realDonaldTrump Sad!
we as Americans are sick and tired of McCain attacking our President Please keep calling stop McCain.202-224-2235
I THINK THE POTUS NEEDS TO WATCH THIS
john McCain is the poster child for why we need term limits
Oh...thought you blamed @POTUS ?
THIS IS NOTHING BUT #FAKE NEWS.I wouldn't watch this trash if u paid me. Ppl like u s/b shot for treason
No evidence No retraction from .@POTUS  #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpLies
South Korea leader killed his brother, I didn't see you blame Trump for that one.
Your ties to Putin are probably closer than Trump's.
Being a dissident in Russia is dangerous, knowing too much about the Trump/Russia connection is deadly.
@realdonaldtrump JM, your moral compass is in your rear end. RF will be our friends again & u will b exposed, Soros boy #MAGA
@60MinutesYour stand for what is right, and speaking out against what is wrong, regardless of political party...Thank you!!!!
Many times I have no agreed with you, but I now have great respect for you and...Cont-
YAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
McCain, you are a traitor to the USA. VVP said NO to your buddy Soros & NO to Islamic migrants & NO to globalism.
Russian mafia, Russian should be part of the ban, if the ban is for terrorists & countries that kill ppl
Do NOT let him off the freaking hook with his slander.  You need to hold his ass accountable. @GOP
SERIOUSLY? WHY WOULD I WATCH 'MORE PROPAGANDA...JUST LIKE YOU! 'RESIGN MCCAIN'!
Thanks senator for trying to wake up people and GOP to Russia interference and the danger
Russians used polonium 210, dioxin, plain old bullets to silence critics.  Just like old KGB assassination stories.  They never change.
Please get to the heart of it all and break some effing news. Why is everyone protecting the traitors?
Tip of the iceberg? We need to connect the dots and get to the bottom of Russian intervention.
That's great John but why aren't you & others doing anything about @POTUS & his administration!?
How can you continue to support a US President who is still naively praising the Russian dictator-for-life Putin?
keep pushing on #trump admin #Russia probe & support special prosecutor if there is GOP coverup. Country first.
Country first meanwhile McCain wines w Rothschilds,Soros, Islamic Turkey, Ukrainian thugs, CNN, DNC etc.
Senator McCain, how much money have you received for selling weapons to ISIS?
source?
Please call for an independent bipartisan investigation into ALL the Trump/Russia connections.
Very interesting report. Needs to be seen by all US citizens.
no John-boy. ur the lucky & fortunate one that you're still around esp after loosing election bid! #fakenews
The same critics that would open RF to looting by globalists, rape of her people & war on family values.
Yet you do nothing to investigate Trump and expose his Russian connections. It's time to put country over party.
Did Soros fund your demands of our President Trump since you like taking his money?
song  bird  sung   last   song   to   russia!
Wiretapping the Russian Ambassador, capturing a US Citizen, not scrubbing but leaking the Citizens name is illegal
Unless they have a FISA warrant.
it's all BS just like McCain
shut up an bk president an do your job for vets..you failed in your bid...now bk a winner!!!
john we want to see proof you are not funded by Soros by today ..show evidence
brilliant reporting! Very brave man indeed! 
The US has political prisoners, too.
Have U forgotten ur constituents voted u  in to represent Republicans? Ur a Dem!  Bait & switch when you ran!
Senator McCain , if Russia is so bad then why did you ask for campaign money from them?
thank you for your post.
Noted: Sen. John McCain
Appreciate you educating Americans!  We need more vocal outrage and investigations. #Trumprussia
Let's take care of our VETERANS first, before you try getting more injured.
Mark, that sounds like a treat against a SENATOR!!!
#Investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion Your constituents are relying on you to do the right thing.
What are you waiting for Sen. McCain?  Isn't there enough info to impeach already, before he gets us all killed?
These types of Killing will never stop until we remove this Killer regime From Kremlin. Be ready under a year..
And I thought you were lonely?
Thank you, Senator, for demanding proper oversight on #TrumpRussia - please help @jeffflake find courage too
I want to watch the veitnam songbird documentary again that stars you
a lie
interesting tweet from you Senator. why are you not demanding investigations rather than just talking
