You two want to get back to supporting America? Trump is president, not Hillary. Support the POTUS, not just the dems.
McCain is a traitor to this country.
Says a democrat who I have zero respect for. 
no thanks! You and @LindseyGrahamSC have become jokes and embarrassments to the Rep party!
The only 2 patriots in the GOP. Trump is an underworld casino man....scum. LEARN MORE ABOUT
 I live in SC! Graham is NOT wanted! He could NOT even get 1% in primary for POTUS!
I'm in SC too now, but If you've never lived in NY, you don't know about his track record.
what is your point? Graham is despised in his own state!
and not a corrupt psychopath, there are thousands of us here who will vote
@rescuetracker81 Trump won SC in the primary and general in a landslide! U don't like Trump, fine. You don't have to. You live
in a red state now & Graham will NOT win another reelection! Period!
unbelievable that two senior senators would sit in a room with MSM and bash our president, spread Russian conspiracy!
If you watched anything other than FOX, you would know there are Russian ties. The Senators are putting
our country before the criminal ORANGE MENACE!
Two weasels....Songbird McCain and Butt-boy Graham.  Two scabs on the buttocks of Amerika via the dumb electorate.
Here are The New Faces of the Democratic Party...
@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN thanks so much for coming on @CNN last night, you two!  #bromance
These two asses are scared to go on Fox where they'd be asked REAL questions
can we talk about birthright citizenship. How can we deport the parents of minor children born in the US?!
Irrational policy. If we won't protect interests of these kids, we shouldn't give them citizenship.
the new cnn team. Dumb abd Dumber at 9:00 every weeknight. Poster children for term limits
Thank goodness for @TuckerCarlson
I smell RINOs. These two are leaders of the Democrat movement to overthrow the POTUS.
why don't you give the American people the same health care you get as a politician
Graham was a mole for the HRC campaign. Read for yourselves in Podesta emails.
just go away
why do you vote anti military/ veteran or are a no show on veterans issues
I hope you do no "eat your own" (R)on CNN. Do as  the(D) do !!! Stick together, unify ! It's REALLY BIGGER THAN YOU !! #USA
Can't watch. Will be busy packing. Had to sell our ARIZONA home and buy much smaller so we can afford $1600 mo Obamacare
Nice job of causing your daughter in a very difficult position on Outnumbered daily. SHE is a REAL Republican
Why don't you 2 just announce your new DEM party as your official party while you're there?
That's a perfect match, you and CNN. I am an Arizonan. Nice legacy you will leave being an obstructionist in bed w/Dems
TRAITORS!!!!!
yea more of the Democrats BS !! Along with fake news #CNNFakenews
Youbtwo are American Traitors!!
you two have my vote!
what happened with fox.  They defend you . when the media destroy your chance at president. The view mock u & your wife
wannabes
you two already act like Democrats
when are you to announcing your switching parties?
you already act like Democrats
good God when are you two going to announce your switching parties??
#termlimits #dinosaurs #noforwardvision
are you the giver or receiver?
must be a democrat town hall, huh?
perfectly matched
as an American, I would like some real proof about this Russian hysteria.
can't believe I voted for McCain for president. Term limits needed now!!
disappointed in you. Start supporting our president.your personal feelings r in the way. Why didn't u fight obama/clinton
respect sir but you and your buddy are going out of your way to be a thorn in POTUS side#getonboard
two reasons for term limits.
I don't think that this tweet is going to go well.
you're both traitors to the republic and REPUBLICAN party!!! Both pushing#fakenews
The two of you are disgusting. U both need to be recalled. What sane Republican goes to a CNN town hall?
what a pair of village idiots can't stand with their own party ....useful idiots
So cute...... like a couple of Vaseline love birds!
You've both been in office forever its not like you don't know better??? You are the "Bad Hombres."
if you've ever wondered what two government whores look like...
True Statesmen! :)
Seen enough of you, crawl back in your hole....NEVER come out!!
you two are such a cute couple. Two liberals pretending to be conservative , Awesome! ‍‍
I still can't believe you are having a TH on tv but not with your AZ constituents.  You need to meet with us.
Aww, you make a lovely couple. How long you been married?
as a democrat and concerned citizen, I appreciated that you both answered important questions on mainstream media!
two fucking losers in the eyes  of republicans.
nobody cares that Sessions talked to the Russians.
I wouldn't watch your fake paranoid news if you paid me. You two should resign before the next election of get kicked
surprised they are not holding hands

CNN heroes.  Congrats sellouts.
@LindseyGrahamSC do the right thing Senators! Impeach the most corrupt 'potus' in history. Stop Bi-Partisan governing.
So it's okay for you to meet with Al-Qaeda leadership in Syria but not Jeff Sessions with a Russian  ambassador?
@tempteststorm2 every time  u with Sen Graham wonder who is  behind u. Support Sessions. People need 2 recall u both.
It's PRESIDENT TRUMP
.. If REALLY worried about Russia, Investigate why H Clinton gave Russia 20% control of U.S. uranium !! Worse than talk
.. Two American TRAITORS on CNN, big surprise ! #TermLimits
two of the worst out of touch rinos, the term limit law should proudly bare their names 
@LindseyGrahamSC: Congrats to Russia's pawns in strategy to disrupt US govt. KGB mastermind Putin is playing you.
I think you work for CNN  (Communist News Network) John
Do you live with Lindsey?
PS
Did Nixon really give you a pardon?
How about investigating Obama's ties to Iran and what was in the secret deal? Your personal animosity is dangerous.
u 2 R what is WRONG with government. You avoid unity & stir the pot with negativity & dysfunction. U 2 R part of swamp
This picture says it all....what is wrong with you ppl in SC and AZ??!
Go get em Johnny! Save us from Putin rule. Demand: Sessions out! Tax returns! Ind investigation!
We resent the "Bad Hombres" reference. Does "Hombres" represent all American Immigrants legal or not that are "bad?"
...what are you clowns smiling about? Did the AIPAC check just come in?
my goodness, clean up your house GOP....
@LindseyGrahamSC Sessions must be prosecuted for perjury and turned.
These 2 Rinos never had the ba--s yo challenge Obama. These 2 are supposedly the puppets of George Sorros.Enemy WK fam!
great job last night at #CNNTownhall
Thank you John for seeking truth, even when some Rs are asking you to sweep it under the rug. Russia too evil to ignore.
What will the Songbird be collaborating with the opposition on?
Traitors
Trump: John McCain is not a hero for being captured/tortured why should he think owens is a hero for being shot & killed
new WWE tag team... The Crusty Rinos @LindseyGrahamSC
two RINOS that need to leave the Party. You are not Republicans, you are traitors to the Party.
you now have a present trump u can get behind. I HOPE
these two needs to get out of town
Wouldn't miss it!! Set my DVR just in case 
.@SenJohnMcCain @CNN him and Graham fit right in on that network. Irrelevant old guard. #TrumpMandate @potus @realdonaldtrump
oops root canal planned
couple of idiots right here.
I am ashamed of you.
please open an investigation into Russian actions and ties to the election and administration.
Pitiful.im sorry I even voted for you!!! You call yourself a patriot!! You can't believe you lost and DJT won. Fact!!!
the fact that you keep going in fakenews CNN makes me believe u R working against our President shameful
You're a POS 
u think Americans don't know you're a sellout! Look at VA, that you've done nothing to help Vets https://twitter.com/rossr122/status/837299453115641857/photo/1pic.twitter.com/aelAIqltXu 

Ask for tax returns, be the Patriots we know you are, stand up for our values/2
how dare u tell an American citizen that his sons death at hand of illegal shows we need amnesty! You're both 
if it's just lip service I am not interested! Actually vote against cabinet appointees/1
Democrats and Republicans strive to be friends again and learn how to compromise. Song named "Why cant we be friends"
more light shed on potential Russian interference in election Is this not treason? Time to uncover the truth #country1st
@LindseyGrahamSC  @CNN you're both freaking a-hole traitors to this country & her LEGAL citizens.  https://twitter.com/rossr122/status/837298086355615748/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Af1AMbDo23 
@LindseyGrahamSC  Insert "Prez Clinton" on Russia. Imagine what your GOP Congress would be doing. Now you better do it.
Bill Clinton perjured self re: affair, was impeached. AG perjures himself re: Russia: how is this lesser offense?? 
I'm so sorry I supported you once.  Never again!
2 has been nothings
2 GOP monkeys. We need real leadership
too old, idea from dark ages. to much power, who cares what they think,,, they r holding country back.
so sorry you don't support what electorate wants and your stAffs leaks documents. Very sad very disappointing. 
Thank you both for having the courage of independent thinking, not just parroting the Republican talking points.
you should go on Fox News with your daughter and bash Trump!
two clowns.
@LindseyGrahamSC Jeff Sessions is coming for you!!! We all know you are a pedo Graham. Hey McCain - we know...
no thank you, ever.
Time for GOP 2 Recall McCain & Graham #RecallMcCain #RecallGraham Traitors seditionists against the will of The People
@realdonaldtrump- that was the most honest and sincere answers I've heard than the so-called President.
Mutt n Jeff try supporting our Pres for a change.  You two are not Republicans.
Great job Senators.  #republicanValues
lol...no one watches CNN
Wish you were the current POTUS instead of Trump! Much respect to you for attending a town hall!
@LindseyGrahamSC The "people's republic" of MA is a shining example of bipartisanship.  Just ask @CharlieBakerMA
you both need to retire. How much are the dems paying U. You will be replaced next election
you ate both treasonous and you are no hero!
@MeghanMcCain @CNN these two need to retire now
Since you were captured in Vietnam, your mission was a failure.
Why has @SenJohnMcCain taken $ from #GeorgeSoros? The same George Soros trying to usurp #PresidentTrump @CNN
Do the right thing on Sessions.
2 Rhinos smiling before they are drained away with the other swamp creatures.
I'm becoming a big FAN for speaking the truth. Do it more & request Sessions resignation. THall was AMAZING!
great job
You two are beginning to look like Siamese twins.
you 2 deserve each other. Outed #RINO
We are hoping to replace Graham
Good Pic. Surrounded by Yellow. Hanoi What? CNN, really? Turncoat
I'll pass
Both were mice when Obama was president ,what happened!
Who's top and who's bottom
No thanks
Sentor McCain do all the American people a favor and step down.  You have overstayed your welcome!!!
You are not trustworthy. You are evil.
TRAITORS
After all the BS of the last month or so...so refreshing to hear two American patriots at town hall ...Calif Democ
I pray you two gentlemen know what rests on your shoulders these coming years.
You Both need help. Disgrace to our country.
That will be the day... I watch fake news host a despicable senator.
If u believe that Senator Sessions is being unfairly vilified, honor commands u to stand up to ur media masters & say so
We definitely need more Senators like McCain and Graham.  Thank you for your service gentleman.
dumb and dumber at it again. Did y'all make out in the dressing room again?!!
These clowns are exactly the reason why we need term limits.
dear john did you ask for any donations political or otherwise from Russia or Russians in 2008?
retire. You are No good to anyone.
WHY, WHY, WHY? These two need to retire. Talk about using people for their purpose. Good old CNN.
a Possible Cyberwar or worst yet a Nuclear but what do you care
No more whispers, Trump's racist fear. We aspire to be one people, the dream... who better than you?
