John McCain please retire
And that the President was the Commander and Chief. I think that because He is the head of our party. Maybe you be a man quit acting like a
SUPPORT  @POTUS
Article 2,Section 4 The President shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes
How dare you to support Obamacare!
The military is a fighting force not a social experiment #SONGBIRD
Go home McCain
#DACA @SenJohnMcCain @SenWarren @SenSchumer @SenSanders @SenFranken @SenKamalaHarris 

By Protecting Dreamers we Protect our Military

Thank you for caring about our country when it feels so few do.  Bipartisan too.  Y'all are the best!
Kid
At one time I thought you were hero. Well I guess that is the difference between ARMY and Navy. We all said the words I will obey the office
LOL you so act like you care, 20 + years in congress and you act like you don't know the answer, shame full
I trust President Trump to take care of what needs to be done not You Senator McCain.
Well said....
Thank you for supporting ALL members of the military!
I support the military, but what are they doing to reduce waste and cost overages?  When was the DOD last really audited?
I can say that during my service to my country I never saw any waste. I think right now you better hope that all the services get what they
the Eqifax hack is a major problem for half of Americans.  FedGovt broke promise not use SS# other purposed.
Looking to cause more trouble mr. Rhino
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-doj-nominee-helped-russian-bank-2017-7 … this scares me. #trumprussia #treason It is hard to believe @gop @senateGOP will OK this, obviously blatantly wrong.
McCain just.......
You're not commander in chief. Let @POTUS, generals do their work!  Congress must focus on Ocare, tax reform, infrastructure, HRC crimes.
Getting ready to obstruct some more. Hanoi John
Don't let envy and a lust for revenge smear your legacy. Join true patriots to make decisions that move our country forward and foster unity
Songbird McCain 
Where is your health care plan after 7 years  Drain the swamp that you
McCain needs a few more years sucking off the public dole.  Then "no". Swamp thing.
As if there is your mindset and liberals/whatever that means in your head.Try the human race, truth, justice and decency. Did it force you?
You're a freak johnny
McCain, how long have you been there, now its Trumps issue? He's doing something, economy is up, what have u done puppet master? $4 trans?
Doubtful you will be around in 2018. President Trump did more for veterans in 7 months than you did in 30 years+. Goodnight Johnny.
I request info on ACA's continuing negative impact on small business & middle class Americans & your continued indifference
You are very bad man.
Mr. McCain, please check out this atrocity being committed against a Veteran in your state.
Plz step down.
Plz stay homeee
@Ravenpeach Seriously? DJT is a buffoon. In his time in office DJT shown zero leadership or comprehension of what it takes. Sad! Sad! Sad!



You quit caring about the military and veterans many years ago. Just stop pretending
Wonder how u would have done serving with transsexuals?? How many transsexuals are on your staff??  None, i'll bet. Once again hypocrite
What a waste of skin
What about health care and taxes?
Worry about your REAL job 1 vote songbird McCain, you are NOT PREDIDENT....u lost!!!!! POS
Hi John..just wanted to stop in and remind you of how disgusted we all are of you.  Thanks for nothing.  Step down.
STOP INTERFERING WITH BIG BOY STUFF! STICK TO WHAT U KNOW! LIKE ALLOWING THE ANTIFA TERRORISTS 2 DO WHATEVER THEY WANT! MAGATRUMP #1
You're the best! 
@SenJohnMcCain wars over man.... Go home.
Who cares.  Resign already before you have no legacy left except for a bad one.
Hope you're voting NO on defunding FEMA to pay for stupid wall which will have zero impact on immigration. Tired of GOPs complicity w/potus
Write a resignation letter for yourself! You're a RINO! You've let the American people down! Trump was right about you! You sold out to Dems
Lol lol. Tell em Darrell!!!
You need to retire get out of Congress don't want your opinion on anything
Please retire.  God bless you.
Yeah how about the $9 million from George Soros to you?
http://nevonews.co/politics/john-mccain-ll-36657-750-authorities-5636/ …
I remember when you said you didn't  know how to use email when running for president.come a long way. Keep working hard for H/C LOL
Stop pretending to care. RETIRE AND STEP DOWN YOU FALSE REPUBLICAN. We want a true Republican representing US.
. Traitor go away.
Get lost mccain.
Obamacare
It's like Republicans can't govern.
The sailor killer acting like an authority. You had your chance and sold the presidency to Obama so shut up
@SenJohnMcCain first Happy Birthday 2nd I am a democrat. I have a lot of respect for you. I believe you will save us from trump!!
Mmm someone DID care about John's one vote
Unbelievable clarity and resolve in the face of adversity. TWICE OVER IN HIS LIFETIME THIS MAN HAS FACED IT DOWN. Thank you yet again.
Are you asking him for more needed for N. Korean engagement, Iraq extended, Syria?  If Congress doesn't fund WALL- everything stops. Plan B?
This at the top of your priority list now that you've killed healthcare reform?
You are not PRESIDENT, McCaine, stop trying to make presidential decisions!
Now can you sent a letter to start impeachment procedures on Trump? It would be greatly appreciated by the world 
Thank you, sirs. Your efforts are appreciated.
RESIGN
John go play with your Lego's.
If you don't know after 8 years of it why not resign. Sooner the better
You amaze me. I know the effects of chemo first-hand. Yet, you're still working. You are one tough dude. Thank God.
Happy Mattis is keeping his wits about him & not being influenced by trump
Could you please retire already
Happy Birthday Senator McCain
McCain is on soros payroll .. he a lifelong politician .. he is as corrupt as they come and wasn't he pardoned ???
Transgender people should be able to serve our country. Trump is a disgrace, racist bigot. He denounces it but does what he denounced
"One Vote!" .... you f**k!
What about the "Ukraine story"? @SenJohnMcCain R U going to denounce that group?? BTW, @POTUS is doing an OUTSTANDING JOB-How Bout Backing ?
Ho John! I dont always agree with you but when you let your maverick fly in the right direction, i commend you!
thank you ... be well ...
Thank you as I have family that are serving! Praying for you Senator McCain!
Watching a woman on tv with her son who almost drown and your Pres is holding a damn rally somewhere...the GOP needs to grow a pair
Have you heard one negative conflict regarding transgender in the military that warrants this ban? Name one! Trump's igniting hate, period!
Do you remember when Nixon pardoned you for treason?
Would you retire already
Please Senator, find a way to take away from Trump the power to pardon before he makes the US Constitution into Baboon Republic. THANK YOU
You guys will be gone soon
Happy Belated Birthday young man.
Happy Birthday Senator McCain!  Hope you had a great celebration!!
Fraud
I wish it was your letter of resignation. Far too long suckling off the government teet
How about articles of impeachment?  Can we get that done, sir?

Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain !!
Can you look into this:
