you can't rely on @SpeakerRyan to be honest about the "skinny" bill & working "together" to make it better...he's a coward & a cheat
Oh John knows Ryan will pass it, he's just trying to get media cover. He is a party pawn and a hypocrite.
John's a hypocrite who's using healthcare in the processHell is waiting for McCain, Ryan and @LindseyGrahamSC 
Why are you picking a fight with Putin? Didn't America get caught spying on Merkel? It's not like we're innocent in all of this.
Do you think the sanctions will solve the problems with the US?
Ask Putin to put the billions of dollars he's stolen (from you),  back into your economy - it might help you weather the storm.
It shows only Sanders and Rand Paul had the balls to vote no to a bill made by AIPAC that puts us in danger.
Meanwhile your votes on #healthcare are terrifying Arizona
What election attack. You are insane i voted for @realDonaldTrump a Russian didnt tell me too. You lost you election stop blaming things
John, isn't it time to change your diaper?
You never accomplished anything
You LOST a presidential bid
you promoted wars
& now LOST REPEAL
Walk the talk ... work for the American people, not the President.
Spoiler: he won't. He is a complete party puppet. No maverick, no independent.
He walked the talk
The expression is "walk the walk."
Actually there is ... walk the walk, talk the talk, walk the talk ...
One can only hope that POTUS takes this vote seriously.
This is not only a strong signal to Russia (and NK and Iran) but also to POTUS, who has thus far ignored this real threat.
I was never afraid of Russia until the liberals & RINOS started picking a fight with Putin. #StillNoEvidence
why did you say you would not vote yes on the health care bill. yet you did. thought you was a stand up guy? Don't be a trump yes man.
Putin bringing prayer back to Russia's schools....very much anti communist
Anyone with a USB stick could have hacked it - there is a reason why one of electoral representatives was able to play minesweeper on one
How can you "respond" to something that you dreamt up in the first place? Russian interference NEVER happened. Stop lying McCain.
as illusional as dems he is jealous of @realDonaldTrump because he won and mcaain got blown out. I voted for Trump Russia didnt tell me too
Where's the evidence of Russian interference?
Election meddling? You called it an act of war.Bill Clinton got Boris Yeltsin reelected and everyone in DC knows it.  Glad Putin disagrees.
Now it is time to get Mueller out of the "special investigation." He should never have taken this on knowing he is in a conflict of Interest
The whole Russia ordeal is just a joke and you all have fabricated a crisis. Go do your freaking job.
98 members of #Congress is going to own the war with #Russia, that you are all intent on provoking.  #Warmongers  #nuclear  @realDonaldTrump
And Europe will put sanctions on us because of this. They get their heating oil from Russia.
The #ObamaAdministration interfered in elections all over the globe, including #Israel.  The #hypocrisy and #doublestandards are abominable.
The U.S. has always interfered with elections overseas.  Nixon, Reagan, the Bushs
Obama
Definitely, Obama.
Then we better stop getting involved in other countries elections like we've been doing for the past fifty years
make no mistake John, you'd be six feet under without healthcare...don't take it away from otherswill you & @LindseyGrahamSC vote NO
Election attack was basically allegedly attacking DNC which exposed Hillary's collusion with DNC, Podesta phishing. Attack seems strong word
Or misguided "group think", over-kill, hypocrisy in light of Obama's interference in Israel!
Coward then and traitor now.  You are no hero.
2/ For Trump, Russia can do no wrong. Trump needs to go. Call your Sens. & your Rep. at (202) 224-3121 & ask them to impeach him.
1/ Senator, Thank you for standing up to the Russia-loving Trump, & for getting this tough sanctions bill passed.
Outstanding, Senator.   You were correct stating Members of Congress are equal to the POTUS.  This legislation demonstrates that truth.
JUST A BUNCH OF BULL
Picking fights with Russia,you are the swamp, you sang 4 the Vietnamese & got Pardoned 4 TREASON cause UR swamp father-#UShouldHaveBeenHung
You the man John McCain
And short-sighted stupidity.
What election attack?  Where's your proof?
It shows you are a farty old Senator who has been in power for far too long. Your scowl goes next to the idea of term limits.
That was an easy vote What about fixing healthcare?
How do you dare to interfere unilaterally in EU matters?!? Respect your allies if you want to have some...
The fact you actually believe Russia attacked our Election. shows you either are very confused or on the wrong team.
Multiple Hill staffers confirm last night McCain was heard laughing w Dems and remarked, "Lets see Donald make america great again now"
It shows that you're all enemies of the duly elected president. Treachery. Ssdd from you songbird. Wetstart. Benedict.
Prez not going to sign this! Why should he give up his authority to bunch of idiots who can't accomplish anythingret. Special Agent/vet
Take your Russian BS somewhere else. No one buys it. #Dossier
Thank you for voting NO on #Trumpcare. There's a reason why only 16% of Americans supported #SkinnnyRepeal >It would hurt USA
We need to make sure our Democracy remains strong
You are a Democrat. Always have been. You are part of the sewage that needs drained.
Well done John
Rs hacked but SHE cheated, lied, & sold us out.Hacks showed the truth but the Ruskies didn't write the stuff.Thanks 2 Russians we got truth.
We support your position on Russia
Mr. McCain, you should have to think not ass, and brains.
Didn't you use tax payers funds to get a fake piss document there Johnnie boy
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/891081343618080769 …
It isn't imploding, it is being sabotaged by a man whose 1st priority is supposed to be the people of our country, not lining his pockets
You vote for ObamaCare weakens our economy and thus our defense budget. Pathetic display of your enormous ego
Wasserman has Muslim Brotherhood as IT tech.  Huma, is daughter of two Muslin Brotherhood members, has classified from Hillary. Russia ??
Well done!!
since Meuller is still investigating you have no proof or evidence that Russia did any thing.This will be vetoed.Awan brothers had password
... You are a conspiracy theorist if you think Russia had the influence us not to vote for a witch :)
Real threat! threat to What? Russia tried to interfere. Didn't work. Maybe more resources to preventing cyber attacks. Idiots
Russia is NOT our friend.
War monger Russia what about health Care I  am over the whole Russia thing just resign and take your cushy job at msnbc
Your vote last night shows why America is already a great country.  Thank you for putting the people before politics.  #SkinnyRepealFAIL
GOOD, BUT, PLEASE coordinate Russian sanctions w the EU - they can & need to help! Current bill could be bad for their energy corps!
.......But keep the orchestrator of it as President.

Is the US at war with Russia?
Fuck!!
You're good with that? Did the Russians attack us on 9-11-01? Weren't they our allies in WWII?
Again the American ppl are wanting to actually see the proof. Hearsay isn't good enough for those with a brain.
Another petty vote and more time wasted over butt hurt feelings for Hillary, LOSERS
so let's sanction Obama for interfering in other countries elections. Get real-let the president lead the country. Fake reps.
Stay strong Senator McCain! We need Americans like you instead of Republicans and Democrats.
What attack? I haven't been shot at, no one took my ballot out of my hand... what are you talking about?
Please list Russia ATTACKS!! Pure BS!!!

Hopefully @POTUS chooses to veto this, make them vote again.  Last night changed things. I know had McCain won presidency, he would.
Please help remove the clown from the Oval Office. Our country needs a leader even if  some people don't deserve one.
bull - u just want war with russia.  its insane.  u r dying and we conservatives know u died a liberal. ull be remembered as such. congrats
No it only shows that the ruling class are war hawks!
More sanctions needed. Thanks
Problem solved. Thanks now retire and go away.
Members of Congress receive federal subsidies that cover 72 percent of the cost of the premiums of healtcare. We are on to you!
Traitor. You sit with Tax Payer paid healthcare for cancer treatment expenses while continuing to hurt Arizona and other Obamacare victims.
It's based on lies. You realise that, don't you?
Show us ANY evidence of an election attach! Oh wait, it was the Awans and DNC. Stop pushing disastrous foreign policy just to further lies.

What about Ukraine's attempt to influence the election in favor of Hillary Clinton? Will you hold Ukraine accountable?
Who are the 2 No votes?
Senator,
We need your watchful eye more than ever! 
We look forward to your many more years of public service and your quick recovery!
Thx!
You were a part of the fake "Steele Dossier" used by Fusion GPS and the Dims to falsely discredit the President.  Why should u be believed?
Thank you for continuing the pressure on Russia & Trump/Russia investigation.
So we are spending our time sanctioning the Russians for something done during the prior administration, and who had already sanctioned them
Yep McCain wants #Potus to do something for the country but #McCain surely didn't want to. 
Yes and Thank You.
WHAT ELECTION ATTACK! No proof yet you drink the left's kool aid! Even the bill talks about ALLEGED attack. You punish on alleged?
Will trump sign it?

Anything to undermine the President, right traitor?  Thank God you were never elected POTUS.  Tell Ms Piggy we don't miss her on FOX!!!
Yoy should no longer represent Arizona
With all due respect lets drop the whole Russia debacle.
McCain why are you trying to sabotage the Presidents agenda? How about start working for the American people and stop catering to the elites
On behalf of all Americans across party lines, thank you, Senator McCain.
We love you, John.  I have cancer and am still here. Fighting!! Thank you!!
What will you say when it's learned that your buddies the demosocialists were the people who colluded.
Don't let Trump sell us out.
First thing.. THANK YOU FOR Serving our Country and Serving It again on Your Vote. I Respect you For Both and honoring Your Oath
Git'em Maverick McCain!!  The Russians have seen nothing yet.
Good job, you are the anchor there.
You're just trying to start ANOTHER ILLEGAL war because that's how you make a living thru war NOT peace, TRAITOR!!!
Translation: I'm after Trump cuz he insulted me.
Dear John McCain , question - and when will everyone else get to see the proof that makes this mess not another fan-fiction to start a war ?
Thanks for your vote last night! 
Thank you, sir. If more of GOP were like you, I wouldn't hate the GOP.
McCain Russia? You really don't give a hoot! You know dam well that NOT ONE vote was hacked due to Russian interference. Stop Charade.
By the time ACA implodes the Dems will control Congress and they pass single payer system.   Stupid, stupid vote, McCain
Why doesn't the Senate vote 98-2 to stop the witch hunt and go after the REAL Russian colluders? Obama, HilLIARy, DNC, Rice, Powers etc.
Go get em Senator!
Make the Russians and Putin pay for their open  aggresssion!
@realDonaldTrump 
Hope Russia seizes your assets...they got you by the balls now...release the pee pee tapes!
#AwanBrothers accessing to Congress' database didn't matter?
It's rare but sometimes they actually get it right! This by know means gets Spy45 Trump off the hook America dealing with this because of 45
What about #Ukraine meddling in the election, old sickly man?
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator for doing the moral thing..voting down harmful bill.  Now go home and fit..I am a survivor & know the fight..wish you best
That's right! We will never give up.
You do realize Russia's nuclear capabilities right? What do you think the final outcome will be if you back them into a corner?
God Bless and save you John McCain.
Very glad that Congress is at least standing up to trump on this. Unbelievable that he continues to kiss Putin's ass after they attacked us.
Thank You Mr McCain from the bottom of my heart. I am praying for U. God got you.
John McCain OUR AMERICAN HERO @realDonaldTrump @GOP U ppl need to stop hurting the American ppl.
God Bless You!!!!
Oh please
Despite the President and his banana republic backs
Imran Awan is responsible for DNC leak, not the Russians.  Fess up, be honest for a change.
Get your head out of this whole Russian crap and do your job to fix Healthcare for Americans.
Congress MUST investigate your involvement in working with foreign agents to dig up dirt on POTUS and the fake dossier
Complete fabrication of lies and like clockwork, non guilty pay. May Jesus call you home soon. 
Thank the heavens for some reign of sanity & governmental sanctity to execute the Constitution as it was intended, to protect the US.
Sir, with the WH in complete disarray, the US is ill equipped for any disasters that may occur. Putin knows that. You know that.
Repubs reluctance to investigate the treasonous Trump admin shows one American party is in the tank for Russia.
RAT!!
Senate sanctions, Intelligence Comm. certain of #russia corrupting election. Why no #reelection & why are we permitting death of democracy?
What will #traitorINchief do? It's veto proof- will he veto anyway? There's no good outcome for him if he vetoes. #russiansanctions
POTUS says it never happened. You are his biggest fan, so why don't you believe him?
Forever remembered as Traitor who floated fake Russia dossier despite misspelled maj Russian bank 6x/phony Prague trip easily proven false
More BS a bunch of you need to find a new job
Russian Plant trump will Veto  SPACCIBA Tovarische. He is a Puppet we all know.
Yes if the orange guy signs it!!!!
You were the one attacking the electoral process you liar
Thx for speaking #truthtopower @realDonaldTrump is Making Russia Great Again and USA a target for its enemies  #GoMeueller
What did we do to the Chinese when they stole millions of OPM personnel records?
Just one thing... there was NO election attack by Russia. Thank God the @POTUS who is leading our country has wisdom... you sir DO NOT
And this continuous Russian stuff and not addressing the fake Den documents, shows weakness beda use of your political ideology!
