What values? McCain is a RINO. He is amoral, he sticks his finger in the air and has no guiding principle. Please go away.
@SenJohnMcCain you failed in your bid for #Potus! You're a #HasBeen! Retire!!
What are you waiting and the rest of Republican open eyes and do something with the incompetent President?
If you group waiting the tax reform,  health care  repel,  are you selfish.  1st  is protected at your country.
So disappointed. Sincerely expected better. You now shame our nation. Find some courage, please!
LMAO he has no courage ...his history proves it IDIOT :
Do you have any values left? Just cross the aisle already and be with your fellow mudslingers.
Yup, and it's pretty clear what @SenJohnMcCain values are. See Sydney Greenstreet in "Casablanca"...
Yea right too busy sellingout America which you do best! You need to be impeached for treason against America!

I do believe that ANYONE who calls themselves our president, SHOULD NOT BE GIVING ANYTHING TO SOMEONE WHO IS NOT OUR ALLY! #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP
McCain #irrelevant #RINO bottom of class at Annapolis, failed more than succeeded, waste of oxygen in DC
Stop talking and ACT on you values.
Here is my voice J. McCain.I have seen photos of you cozying up to ISIS. Whose side are you on?
"But remember kids, to do nothing after you raise your voice and have a whinge".
McCain's experience  has not resulted in forward movement. Just chaos...weak
foreign policy...failure to influence Obama  in 8yrs.  Pathetic
An American Value: Keep foreigners out of our election. McCain violated this American Value by peddling in foreign dossiers. Support @POTUS
Too bad he is so full of BS and narssism.
McCain is literally supporting an enemy of the state sitting in the oval office. Republican values are not AMERICAN values.
At this point it's respect for the rule of law... call for the independent investigation... if not a special prosecutor!
trump has been voicing the GOPs values
R u with Trump
Mr McCain when are u and Rep peers start standing up to this President. When is enough .... enough !!! We American ppl need your Help
FTFY: "McCain reminds us voicing our values allows us to look good while doing nothing"
You have no values McCain. Millions of us know you were and are a traitor. Nothing but a Globalist Shill. Does Soros give you a thrill?
Lol! Support our President
Do you do anything besides talk to the press and tweet?  #maverick my ass
Whatever political disagreements I have with @SenJohnMcCain, he is a brave, respectable, and honorable man who always puts America first!
I call BS...he was a traitor to other POWs in wartime...research it IDIOTS...now he is scared his other skeletons will be exposed  by Trump
Stop patting urself on the back.Stand up 4 ur supposed values.Start drafting articles of impeachment, call 4 appt of indep comm & prosecutor
Does it? It's hard to tell with this administration. It just gets worse and worse
Really. Ready to eat these words? Your silence is complicity in the call for a Special Prosecutor. Your silence illustrates your values.
nice to voice your concerns.  Even nicer would be DOING SOMETHING before our republic falls
Where's your voice. You were elected to be the voice for the people. We all said a lot, but no one cares to listen and take heed.
Following through is another story.
McCain ? Really?  When will he start voicing about values?
By saying nothing is showing us your values or lack there of! #ImpeachTrump
What is your value Sen. McCain? Party before country?
My values include improving education, the coverage protections for women and low-income population in ACA preserved, and no wall. Zip:85212
Acting upon them matters even more! It's time that McCain put his vote where his mouth is.
Standing up for Comey and the environment? GREAT job on the methane bill @SenJohnMcCain . Like when Vasili voted "NO" in the Missile Crisis.
We need a special prosecutor! The majority of Americans want this - even republicans! Put your country FIRST!
Now show us valves matter. Do your job! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
It's one thing to use your VOICE. Now it's time to use your power and your pen. We're counting on you, Senator.
John McCain has spent all of his collateral. As an American patriot, he is now in debt. He would be better off to stop digging the hole.
Ok. Whats your bill u introduced S.1040  allowing 500,000 temporary  workers in the country to take Americans jobs?  & to bring wive & kids?
In the past I've been concerned about our direction as a country never worried until now please continue being the bi partisan voice needed
McCain's problem is he thinks he knows it all, he doesn't, and he wasn't elected PRESIDENT, hey John, get with it, stop the crap
Please do something about Trump. GOP senator must come together for America n stop Trump n Russia.
You have no values you cuck....you and Graham are clowns and disruptors
Please John save our country you can and should
RUSSIA. #Values
Really? Ir's not what you say - it's what you DO.
If Ronald Reagan was alive he'd wanna kick your Russian-Loving ass all over Pennsylvania avenue..
Bull shit. You'd speak out against Trump if you believed that. We DO need to drain the swamp. Can start with the entire GOP! #ImpeachTrump
Acting your values matters more. I respect you but you remain complicit in what Trump does until Senate republicans act.
You are a HERO.  We need a HERO to get us out of this mess. Please, please start impeachment before all our diplomatic relationships ruined!
Reminder of Dons values: “He’s not a war hero,” said Trump. “He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.”
Do you find it ok for the @POTUS to leak classified info to the #Russians ?? He did and you have to impeach him
Yes. Like standing up to Comey firing & then giving classified info to Russians. You must lead to end this. Country over party. USA needs u
Voicing them, and then DOING NOTHING. EVER. Just as pathetic as @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & all the rest. Just stop commenting.
You're just another head in the sand, ass in the air Republican that will go along with whatever bullshit Trump does.
Time for GOP to act. Enough is enough!

https://t.co/K7S5VaJmZ7?amp=1
McCain has no values. He is a traitor and a liar. He is a filthy closet demoncrat. IMPEACH the Un American traitor J.McCain!
Well c'mon You need to follow through or your words are just coward's bluster. Trump just gave the Russians intel, U must start impeaching
You're a traitor to your nation and you will be held accountable.
pls don't allow thissocalled president to cause WWIII!
Instead of pandering lets here your remarks about trump giving the Russians intel information.
Songbird McCain, RESIGN ALREADY!!! MAGA BY DOING SO, YOU TRAITOR

Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
"What are your values":Self, control,power, hate, neo-con globalization, envy, and unjust. Remember you are not a god (Roman Cult).
RINO
Thank you Senator! Also #LetComeySpeak
If "voicing" our values was enough, McCain would be a powerhouse. But it's *doing* that matters, and all McCain has done is vote with Trump.
Then why are you not listening to our voices to support getting a special prosecutor for Russian investigation?? 
Instead of posting "puff pieces" about your values, be a "hero" again and put country FIRST. Call for a Special Prosecutor NOW! #BeAMaverick
Why Sir are YOU Silent about Trump Crime Family Russian Mafia money laundering Obstruction of Justice,Kushners selling visas to rich chinese
Action matters! Put your money where your mouth is instead of being just talk as usual!!
Independent investigation. Country over party John
Not if the hearers don't do anything about what we say. Impeach Trump or in 2018 voters will #repealandreplacethegop
What's most interesting here is most of the comments are from Libs lol.
Cowardly
#CountryOverParty stand up to those in Government that aren't doing right by or for this country! We r better than that we are the #USA
@POTUS But @realDonaldTrump shows INVOICING our values matters, most.
McCain is a rubber stamp for @realDonaldTrump. He yaps and yaps and then does whatever trump tells him to do.
So you're ok with Trump's bizarre behaviors then ?
Voicing our values is paramount in this great nation, which is why any official with integrity should be demanding that Trump goes, and now.
I completely disagree with your statement. McCain has lost all credibility!
Sad to think McCain might be dirty too.
Good thoughts.  But does not work in reality
Time for John to retire.
Term limits are needed Mr. McCain.
Then you need to quit talking Mr. McCain.
Are you going to support dems for independent investigation or just keep bullshitting us by saying the right things but not doing anything
Somebody should remind John that it's past time to retire.
We the people live in a land of laws. Why have you allowed illegal immigrants move across our borders and stay.
Even more important Is backing up your comments with action. Something unfortunately Senator McCain routinely falls short of.
What values do u hold Senator? Country over Party or Party first? Party first allows POTUS to continue with his destruction of this nation
TURNCOAT RINO...
Was it your values to block the accounting of the POWs that were not returned from Vietnam
You have no values, ethics, nor morals to voice, puppet mccain..
You have been as much to blame as anyone. Voice your values, defend them, and quit letting your hurt feelings run your mouth.
How would he know, traitor won't even support our president. #termlimits
Готов развязать третью мировую войну отправьте в дурку мудака
@MeghanMcCain 
Aw senator,finally getting your moment of fame.2bad u r now hated by group that voted 4 u for Pres
Thank you Senator McCain
He is a wimp and will never lead.
Who is going to be the man in the GOP who will have the courage to put country before party??  The world is watching.
The military is coming apart at the seams, morale down, equipment failing. Now it is a social experiment. Do something!!!
Sen McCain you didn't sacrifice your life in Vietnam to let Trump invite the Russians in the front door.
Put Country First, stand up to the traitor! Show us you are what you say you are.
If voicing our values matter then start hollering to impeach Trump. He's destroying America piece by piece let alone making a profit from WH
McCain is an idiot. Trying to bomb American values into foreign cultures
Then you must stop Trump sir....you simply must stand up and stop this madness....He told the world you weren't a hero...that is disgusting.
You know inside your heart, the heart of a true American hero. You know what MUST be done. #ImpeachTrump #countrybeforeparty We`re looking2U
How about actually doing something instead of talking?  Oh yeah, you won't because you're all talk no action McCain the fake Maverick.
You once risked your life for this country, will you not risk 45's disapproval for it now? USA needs your help!!
It doesn't if you don't back those values up with action.
Go away traitor
I respect him for his military service to our country.  However, he's the perfect example as to why we need term limits.  Go away Sen McCain
Reluctantly, I agree!
Thank you for being the voice of reason for the GOP!
No point in being a voice of reason if you then vote against it, cowardly lion.
True...
country over party. Thank you.
RETIRE RINO
Why are you not forcing a separate investigation of Trump and Russia. It's the only solution
Shut up , we all know how corrupt you are! Canceling security clearance for trump supporters
Standing by your values matters more, sir.
I no longer believe we "are a country with a conscience" sir. That conscience was sold out to the Republican Party
The dummycrats ran the USA down the gutter for 8 years
His job is to vote, not speak. McCain's weasel words are outweighed by his actions: voting to support Trump every single time. #complicit
Voting our values matters too.
Our values are being trampled on in the USA by POTUS You need to speak loudly now, before it's too late. @Arizona_Strong @AZ_Indivisible
Hard to get past that YOU voted to confirm Trumps cabinet which means you support his agenda. You voted PARTY over COUNTRY. #impeachGOP
Well, it needs to matter more because our democratic institutions are under assault & the guilty party is still in charge #impeachTrumpnow
Thank you Senator McCain for reminding us. We are constantly being told our voice does not matter @LindseyGrahamSC and that we're not smart

Actions speak louder than words, senator.
talk is cheap...ACT
Thanks John, How do we justify a president without any morals? Why are you not voicing your concern of the trump family fleecing America?
True Senator, but until you and your GOP pals actually do something, it's meaningless.   Putting party over the country, pitiful.
take some action besides talking about it,  stop voting for his nominees and policies and sort the wheat from the chaff over there in @GOP
Talk, as they say, is cheap. Voting your values would be a welcome development. We've heard your voice endlessly. We need your vote
You are a great man, but you should have walked the walk and voted against the heathcare replacement bill.
Both before and after you betray yourself and vote in unison w a compromised megalomaniac.
That's why i still learn on Macron with Conservative PM!
What kind of values after Hollande?
If this values, so it's Venus, John!

https://id.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_of_Heaven …
Your best service has always been from behind bars! Time to prosecute McCain for lying to the people with intent to disceive. RINOS=Prison!
Do something concrete senator!!! Demand an independent investigation of Trump/Russia. Stand up for AMERICA!!!
Voicing our values matter? Really? You Publically criticize your leader. AS a former soldier, you should be tried for treason!
say it "special prosecutor"
use your voice, Senator.
He needs to voice his!!!!'
So when will you stand up against Treason?
Me tried but Obamas majority wouldn't let him.
Reminding all people about John mccains traitorous Acts during Vietnam that cost the lives of many airmen. #traitor  #songbird
But voting against your values is cool?
McCain needs to do more than use his voice. He needs to do something tangible
Sen. McCain, please take one simple action that could bring incredible results to our country --- RESIGN. If democrat replaces-no worst off.
Please Senator- save our democracy from this "President".  This is an emergency.
Mc Cain will say whatever makes him look good in the moment. Straight Talk Express & then he became Bush's puppet.
If he would only use the weight of his words with the current administration
In his case, that doesn't include voting your values that you voice...
You do good chips though.
I voice them, you're not listing! Retire! Any further special investigations on trump seems to be a waste of money, my 
@SenJohnMcCain reminds us to never give up on our dream of nonstop world war #nevertrump #MAGA
Regime-Change Wars?  "War on Terror"?  Wars, never-ending, by design.  Lives lost year after year for corporate profit.  Yeah, "Values."
Anymore, I "feel a little nauseated" every time I hear a politician use the word "Values," you OR Tom Perez.  Means nothing.
John McCain is an Anti American establishment RINO crap!
please don't stand by and do nothing Russia attacked our Democracy DJT campaign under investigation Evil prevails when good men fail to act
You guys do realize that it was John who got the Steele Dossier to FBI? John is a patriot and knows RussiaGate is real
Talk is cheap, you actually have to do something about the corrupt, man-baby, with glaring disorders your party elected. Take responsibility
Values matter? But you'll sell out our country's security to get your wife a job with the most corrupt CIC in history.
