You should caucus with Feinstein
Let's not forget to hold Erdogan accountable too...
Why aren't you holding POTUS accountable? Hasn't said a word or done a thing. That's the president your party is enabling. #PutinsPuppet
You need to walk the streets of America and see the third world Washington's policies have created.
Why not just become a Marxist democrat with Sen. Feinstein? Quit pretending.
I agree you. However,  I would like to know who those peaceful protetors were. Dont you think  a provocation?
Merkel is scum
Actually I do better then McCain
Why didn't you do something like this for US Citizens just trying to see Trump during the election and being attacked at every convention???
then you'll call for accountability of the monster who choked out #EricGarner right?
You and Feinstein. What a team, the geriatric duo that screws over Americans any chance you get.
You know this will go nowhere McCain. It's your MO. Talk is cheap, it takes real money to buy good whiskey.
Please make sure USA takes action to protect Americans from Turkish thugs. Peaceful Americans still have the right to protest.
Funny
Majority of Americans are calling for McCain to retire & stop his warmongering
Hopefully Erdogan ignores McCain like McCain ignores us
How could this happen in our country? Who do they think they are, to come into the US and attack Americans? Thank you for defending the USA.
McCain you do not control other foreign govt or countries!
In the meantime. Venezuela is collapsing tough guy.
Thank you for taking a stand and doing what it right. Turks were on our USA soil & must be held accountable. @shvangoran
Lan 15 temmuz da geldiğinde yaptığınız darbe girişimini bildiğimiz halde sana bir şey dedikmi terörist bu yaptıklarınızın hesabı sorulacak.
Looks just like the antifa trying to stop free speech, who are you and Dianne holding responsible for that? Both are outrageous
She's your BAE, right?
Irrespective of protesters, guards were unprofessional, brutish and acted in malice, as in Erdogan's Turkey. Turkey has taken big steps back
Feinstein is a communist liberal just like you are. Who cares what u 2 comrades are doing!
What about the Democrat led Washington DC POLICE who did NOTHING to stop them???
Senator, you should also consider what the President has said about this attack on our soil.
Why do u so easily work with Dems but not GOP?   EG repeal of Methane regulation
You're using Feinstein as a reference?! You're thinking seems muddled. You seem Machiavellian. You suffered now USA suffers you. Resign.
RINO!!!!!
What you want doesn't really matter John.  Don't worry we have a POTUS and staff to take care of that issue
Finally, someone said something.  POTUS, nada.
Ok then?
.@senjohnmccain to me now: "Joe Lieberman has more experience than all of my Dem. colleagues combined. So screw them. And u can quote me."
Said the person who gave us Sarah Palin
Oh gosh, your comment conjures up painful memories! THANK God she is out of our hair.
Didn't Trump want to nominate Palin ambassador to  Canada?
Oh gosh, yes - I now remember!  God help us.
It's been days - have you done a fucking thing about this yet besides blovating to get airtime on the news?
@POTUS knows how to negotiate. He'll handle human rights issues without grandstanding: calling people out in public to get pats on the back.
What are your thoughts on the arms deal with the Saudis?
America's mission is to provide 100% security for President's guests,If you do not, our police will see their own business
Sanders is interrupting the group protesting while talking 
very peaceful?
Peaceful and Amerika?
WE have shown Turkey, and the World that as LEADERS, if you can get away with it it's okay. Republicans continue to illustrate that.
@SenateMajLdr @FoxNews pl tell us @POTUS crime McCain?Diane says no proof!Mitch get R's inline!No leadershipsupport DT or retirer u Ds?
We want his agenda implemented so ppl can get back to work, we can be safe, etc. We'd also like smaller govt. Get with the program, Mitch.
Pls stay on this.American values must be defended.This blatant humiliation doesn't portend well. Am has always been great due to our values
Thank you for your attention and service to American Citizens, Sir,
Bodyguards gets away with their violence through diplomatic Immunity that #Turkey doesn't respect for the #UN judge #Akay kept in hostage
Americans are  calling on you to start support #PresidentTrump & stop working against him. He became #President, you didn't. Get Over It!
you are a trader and a sellout. You was broken in Nam and remain broken
Did they have immunity..if so, why? Deny immunity for these thugs in the future..if they can't play nice they can piss off.
Thanks for pursuing this! You are an American hero. Most of your colleagues are cowards and in denial!
Why isn't this video on the news?  This is horrendous!
Identify #Erdoganbodyguards from the videos & ban them from ever entering  #US again!
& what about #Erdogan having ordered the attack??
Why isn't POTUS outraged?
Awwww. What a nice letter you wrote. You will take no action. Turkey is essential to US interest in in that region. #pander

Ooo, Erdogan is shaking in his jack-boots!
He likely directed the attack. watch the new footage that was put out from BEHIND Erdogan not the early footage from the protesters side.
Call for impeachment of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
Thank you both.
Like if they care  what a senile old man like you a has been has to say...
Let's just hope you are not just "deeply concerned"
Thank you for speaking up and taking action to address the commission of serious crimes on US soil.
Instead tell @FBIWFO @PWPD_WI @WashingtonIaPD
Arrest #Erdogan hired goons!
Charge: 1st Degree Assault
.@SenFeinstein & I are calling on Turkish Pres Erdoğan to hold accountable security who attacked peaceful protesters https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=81768A7F-766D-4DD9-93CC-166A28753B0B …
'Cause you're really concerned.
.... I can't believe it... I 100% agree with you on this. A moment of silence for our momentary synchronicity............ OHMMMMMM
Sir. Pres Erdogan is Dictator Erdogan. Please remove the Turkish ambassador.

Herkese ANLADIĞI DİLDEN konuşuyoruz. Hak edene hak ettiğini veriyoruz.İstediğiniz kadar bağırın.!
..in the Republican party. Thank you for holding strong to your values and protecting the integrity of America in these crazy perilous times
Mr. McCain I wasn't with you when you ran against Obama but you are one of the only voices of reason left .......
A Turkish man brutally attacked by PKK-YPG supporters in Washington DC.
No you're not.
Those security guards are lucky none of those protestors had a gun on them, would've been justified.
Dispicable behavior! The WH should have asked for accountability. Too much to ask I guess. Glad you've done it Senator. Thank you!
Dictator #Erdogan will never hold accountable his thugs 4executing his personal terror orders. He might be held accountbl like thugs himself
Thank you, Senator.
Erdorgan should have never been in the country,much less the @WhiteHouse with our buffoon in chief @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS44 never did!
Pkk baby killer you are support .
Thank you !
Thank you...please, demand justice
Thank you. I'm waiting on trump to respond on this matter. His silence speaks volumes.
These bodyguards came out of Erdogan's motorcade, which had to pause en route to attack? Seems likely Erdogan ordered it.
Agree with you-Kick them out
Thanks 4 speaking out. Where are my Senators on this assault on our sovereignty? @RonJohnsonWI @SenatorBaldwin 
#ArrestErdogansBodyguards
Peaceful protesters ? They support pkk which is killing turkish for 40 years.
Didn't you vote yes on a bill that classifies protesting as "terrorism" and nullifies Habeus Corpus?
And the police who brutalized protestors at DAPL and Occupy protests?
Great to see bipartisan support to hold Erdogan accountable.   Why is  @POTUS hosting Turkish thugs?
Focus on United States Johnny. Just for a minute. Just minute. K.
These liberal protestors that throw rocks at our police got what they deserve, a taste of their own medicine
Good luck on that one senator. I'll hand it to u as T will never call out one of his idols
If something isn't done about the traitor in the WH #liartrump you are looking at #fakepotus trump's America for the future. #impeachtrump
That's not going to happen Turkey is now a dictatorship and they have diplomatic immunity lol  #trump loves that pice of 
@SenJohnMcCain
Are you going to talk, or act? You have some power. Use it or stop wasting oxygen. Expel someone. Enough empty grandstanding.
hoiw about antifa protestors also...?
Attack happened on US soil. Don't tweet or call on, but do something about it.
thank you!  How is a US citizen attacked by a foreigner on US Soil not a concern to @realDonaldTrump who swore to protect Americans. *smh*
I think all Americans agree with this. No more dictators invited to our WH period
Hopefully you've seen the newest video that seems to indicate that savage telling his thugs to attack
Thank you sir for fighting our tights 
Thank you Senator McCain, that was outrageous, this is America not Turkey.
Peaceful protesters, are u kidding, how could a peacefull protester support terrorist organizations, u need to check up ur eyes and mind
Were these protestors Americans?
Thank you, senators. Pls stay on it. AUTOCRACY IS *NOT* US. Erdogan & trump both cheered these thugs. We CAN protest in U.S.; let's keep it.
DEMAND IMMEDIATE IMPEACHMENT 
I am so utterly disappointed in you, of all people! Such a shame!
Senator what if I told you there is a way to help millions of uninsured or under insured for $20/month Would you want to have a conversation

He watched his people beat and kick people on USA soil. You did nothing and have nothing to say about Americans being beaten? Shame on you! 
With McCain in the senate, who needs Schumer
Thank you.  It is deeply disturbing that @POTUS has been silent about this egregious fascist act on peaceful protestors.
Meanwhile Turkey's Erdogan supporters are threatening the Rotterdam police department in The Netherlands. USA is paralyzed in naivety #USA
Why do not they come to Turkey if the protesters are peaceful?
Senators, respectfully, please review this footage
Footage captured from another angle reveals Erdogan orders the attack on peaceful DC protesters directly (at 0:13). 
Look at what you have caused in ME. Rehearse your accountability because you WILL be exposed for what you have done
You have CIA, FBI, Army, Navy, NATO, secret service, every high tech imaginable w/out 1thread of evidence &you still looking! What a load ..
Erdogan sees Kurds as Enemy. But Why US didn't do anything with his actions in Washington

We the people know what you are and who you serve.. #EVIL
На заметку.
Борьба с государственной коррупцией — это бесполезные действия.
Борьба с государственной коррупцией — это борьба с Неваляшкой.
Thank you for standing up for America
Система 5/10 сделает всему мировое вращения в Украине.
Точней,мультиэкономика,мультирынок,мультивалюта,мультикультура,мульти -национальность
The sooner you extradite these terrorist sympathizer thugs including FETO out of America the better for a great America. fullstop.!!
 the first punch to an innocent bystander across the street.! They are thugs chanting hatred on American soil to your Ally guest.!
 different to daesh sympathizers who in recent months carried out attacks on American soil.!  If you look at earlier footage they threw
 With all due respect what you classify as "peaceful protestors" in essence are terrorist sympathizers on American soil.  They are no
В Украине пРезидент Порошенко способен только возглавлять государственную коррупцию и выносить запреты на то,что выгодно гражданам Украины.
Если в Украине изменить систему на систему 5/10,то в это входят все реформы по всему,а не выборочные реформы чего требует Европа.
This is correct.  Let em say what they want about you.  Good old neocons always make america feel safer.
Can we hold the GOP traitors to account too?
You are not allowed to call out a country a third-land-country. Try to solve problems on earth which US is guilty SAY SORRY to TURKEY, immed
True hero with a backbone, thank you sir I have the greatest respect for you. Wished I lived in AZ.
Peaceful? They hold pkk flag(the terrorists) and insulting how shit a piece of peace ? Congrats the erdogan security nice lesson
WHATS THE EXPLANATION OF THIS PICTURE? I wish I DID NOT VOTE FOR YOU
Thank You! Something needs to be done! This abuse of Americans protesting on our soil by Erdogan's Bodyguards cannot go unchallenged!
I BELIEVE THE PEOPLE OF TURKEY
NEED TO PUT DEMOCRACY
INTO TURKEY
IT IS TURNING TO 
MUSLIM BROTHERHOODISM
HECK THEY THINK 
THEY CAN DO ANYTHING!
THIS IS USA!
NOT TURKEY!
THERE IS NO ISLAMIC LAW HERE!
ONLY A DEMOCRACY!!
Plz deport Erdogan & his thugs, revoke their visas. They have lots of problems. They're bringing crime. Some, I assume, are good people.
REALITY IS THOSE PROTESTERS GROUP PAID BY PKK AND PYD ARE TERRORISTS. POLICE IS RESPONSIBLE TO KEEP THEM AWAY
Thank you!!!!! This is not American lately!!!!!
This makes the 3rd incident Erogan's security detail attacking peaceful protesters on US soil. Not an isolated incident. There's a pattern.
Yes!
It's also a failure of D.C. Police who didn't keep the sides apart.
-Retire to Cuba and stay there..rest of your lives.
Today we cry for 353000 Greek people an idigenous minority in othoman empire genocided by those murderers in http://1919.International  court!!
your paid terrorists (working for fake media VOA) tried to attack private property and got banged. Get over it,they are loosers like #antifa
Name of the #pkk member who organized the assault:Kasim Mollaoglu 
Working for VOA.He uses the name Kasim Kurd in his us passport. #isis
too late no one likes u anymorw
Great start.  Please don't drop this issue.  There needs to be some kind of repercussion for Turkey/Erdogan for this
The attack on #US citicens was ordered by #Erdogan himself, he is acountable.
This woman
Dear @POTUS I'm being attackd in this photo. I was assaulted by this man, strangled for protesting. Please help me find & prosecute this man 
thank you
Send him and his entourage back to Turkey!!
He ordered it. Dont separate their actions.
I'm glad the Turks held them accountable
That's BS, these idiots liberals got what's coming to them.... they throw rocks at police break windows and spread racism and hatred
THANK YOU This should NEVER be allowed to happen on our American streets.
Nice sentiment,but it won't happen.
Thank you! You are one of the finest public servant I know.  Thanks for standing up for the powerless!
Here here....Thank you @SenFeinstein @SenJohnMcCain for speaking up and taking action on AMERICAN values.  Crickets from Trump
He won't he belongs to Putin. Please senator I expect much from you. You are a patriot and hero first don't remain quiet bc of the GOP.
But what about Russia? Are you trying to change the subject?
You're damn skippy we should toss the Turkey Ambassador & his people the hell out of our country! They are guests & are no longer welcome!
Thank you!
