RESIGN!
NRA only care about selling weapons. But take no responsibility. They should face the consequences this time.
NRA does not sell weapons. Get your facts straight and start over.
no, this chaos needs to end. Now.
And how would you suggest ending it? Maybe it should be against the law to murder people and mass murder, well, even more against the law.
You should learn more about NRA did in the past years.
Are you still talking?  You are paid to rep We The People.  Repeal Obamacare, join the Democratic Party and turn in your man card.
He's done more for this country through his service in the Navy than you ever will. He doesn't need to man up.
LOL or what? You'll make some inane point that your service to our nation equates to being a war hero?
And Congress approved 10 Billions for the WALL.
If only you would take on the #NRA , the killer of more Americans than any border crosser.
What do you think the NRA does that is so terrible?
They are terrible at militia management.
Borders? R u kidding ? Who cares when the seditious NRA promotes amassing murderous guns. DO SOMETHING the US is becoming a killing field
If you read history that leftist DemoRATS are the one committing the crimes.  BAN DEMORATS
You are nothing but a traitor to America. Nothing you say is believable. Go away ... no one ever wants to hear you again.
Are you serious man?  I want to hear from him, he is the conscious of the Republican party right now.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
McCain is a Democrat. He lies to America saying he is a Republican. A traitor to his cause. Not the voice of any Republican . Pathetic ...
No he is not he just speak for those who can't speak for themselves, "The Have Nots"  I am glad the MAV is back to form.
McCain why don't you stop being an ass and work with the President and Homeland Security, I see your still taking credit for work of others!
Mr Ego
Tumor brain
How many foreign flagged vessels have helped out and used #JonesAct waiver?.....We will wait?
None
Many Border Patrol Agents think some Wall $ should go to tech in remote areas they can't cover, where any wall could be breached eventually.
And what about migrating animals? NO wall
To hell with the animals. We are talking about protecting human beings and that comes First.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
We see you... #JohnMcCain  #HeServedHisCountry
McC maybe a Repub but he sees the whole pic I believe it’s becaz he truly cares He knows horrible experiences hence knows pain others endure
Be proud. Your actions have screwed Arizona and the country for years. Who died and made you king? Vote the way your public wants.
His EGO is about to blown up.
Retire ass you screwed us again your a dam Rino retire it I'll keep praying that something is more aggressive than it is ,u ruined r chances
Really can not tell whose side this guy is on.
Your a damn liar.  Go home!
No walls.  They don't work. The real criminals are more sophisticated unlike the President.
In Israel it worked great.  Ask Netanyahu
Better than a wall!!
For Israel the wall was the solution.
Thank you Senator McCain, The United States needs secure borders, 
Focus on trained personnel, drone servailance, ground sensors, not walls.
In Israel solve the problem
You are such a one man show.  Would be Patriotic if you would support our POTUS.  You know, the one We the People elected.  Do your job!
john does the opposite of the gop, when is he up for reelection?
Must retire!
How are we going to have medical care for Americans when illegal immigrants cost over 100 billions a year? BUIL THE WALL
Technology rather than a wall? 
No
Look at two JOKES mclimp and non speaking Mcconnellm you both are owned hahahha
Next...Build the wall
Border security is important, but please ensure that it protects citizens rights, prevents #civilforfeiture & respects Constitutional law.
#25thAmendmentNow
Good job John at least you're passing something and not just gas
Las Vegas shooter didnt come from outside our borders...WAKE UP!!!!
Are you proud?
btw, Obama nor you are below the law. Piss on the law. who needs it? What good is the law? Should it be obeyed cause you guys say so?
What have you done all these years in the Senate you gave us Obama care and the mess that the country is in don't blame Trump u must resign
Your corrupted hand in another pocket, i see.
https://youtu.be/4hr37eE0nO8 .      Build a Wall around the Criminals in DC OF WHICH U R ONE OF THE BIGGEST& HAVE BEEN 4 YEARS.
Hope trump doesn't sign off on it once he sees it's coming from #CuckOfTheYear #BuildTheWall
I wouldn't pass any of your bills.
Sir, we're thinking of you and praying for you. Thank you for keep fighting for ALL Americans.
Glad more hearings are finally being held on legislation like they used to be.
Please retire and care for yourself. You are a bitter man that puts yourself above the country
McCain, please retire, your outta touch with your party and the people
Who cares you useless traitor. The bill did nothing to satisfy the voters that elected you. Just listen to your constituents. Notelectedtono
YOUR BILL?? Wow that tumor is growing fast.
#repealobamacare
give the NRA back their money and start giving us some gun control.
Homeland Security Industrial Complex
Great now stop taking $$ from the NRA.
TRAITOR TO REPUBLICAN PARTY!
Tightening border security with technology and manpower makes more sense than Trump’s wall. How about tightening visa overstays & e-verify?
We can do so much better w/o traitors.
It's all about you these days All about your selfish legacy You let your state down Hope you're proud of that too
Nice, how about some gun control?
Try to take guns from law abiding citizens...you will find that the time is ripe for you to learn the real reason for the 2nd amendment.
Bump Stocks are total bullshit, all AR7's become machine guns total failure of our Senate to allow that crap!! FIX THIS BEFORE TAX CUTS
Thank you Senator! 
Please do all you can to help keep us safe
I am proud, too. However, on separate note, there is no mention of silencers in 2nd amendment. How many may have died if Paddock had one?
A lot more.  Now, we just showed and gave our enemies a roadmap.
Well pat yourself on the back John.
Let’s pass a repeal of Obamacare like you voted to a million times before!  People are hurting from the cost and deductibles. Be a leader!
Must contain bombs and middles for your Tucson defense contractor buddies, right John?
How much money is in it for you John! What stocks did you and your family buy?!
Build the wall
Toot toot
Good to see you doing your job. Thank you.
You're unfit to serve. It's time to step down or be recalled.
#recallMcCain
Obama isn't the president anymore! #TrumpTrain!
Traitor McCain.
FYI now they want to cut Medicare and Medicaid. You can't turn your back on these guys for a second. Your people the GOP
You should worry about more important things other than people trying to come here and make a better life.
IDIOT!
And when the wall is built and ALL THE DACAS go back all will be good
Fuck border security, let's start making us safer within our borders. GUN CONTROL!
Good, but now can you get to work on an Obamacare #FullRepeal bill?  My insurance premium went up again last month.  Stop Obamacare!
he does not care about u alex, nor did the libs when they passed aca
How about a bill to repeal Obamacare like you've promised the past 7 years?  Or was that just a big lie??
Yea for you , so you think your decent, YOUR NOT, YOU PUT MILLIONS IN A HORRENDOUS HEALTHCARE SPOT, TOOT THAT HORN, CREEP !!!!!!!
Retire
Shocked you took $19,000 from the NRA . Would you tell us why ?
Border security is a wall...
WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS, HEALTHCARE???? WHAT DO YOU DO ALL DAY SENATOR???
SenMcCain:You have been paid well over $7million dollars from the NRA. You have helped the NRA make guns/machine guns accessible 2 everyone.
Whyyyyyyyyy do we even bother to tweet this CREEP, WE ALL KNOW TO,LEAVE THE DEVIL IN HIS BLACK CAVE
So very much better than a stupid billion dollar wall... keep up the let's-be-real stance...
You can give me a signed blank check and I wouldn't trust you.

This is much more acceptable than a "wall".
What?? You actually did something useful for a change? I’m making a note on my calendar!
No one should support anything you do, say, or support. You need to retire now. Stick a fork in you, you're DONE.
Have you done anything on the healthcare bill and cutting taxes!
Really One Vote Johnie - My Bill not the people’s.  Step down. You have no saying.
Ur AWESOME Mr. McCain. Please run for president in 2020. You have the majority behind you. When need the NUT JOB out of there.
How about the wall John?
Our Military’s Better Then ever Because Of “OUR” @POTUS He loves America and all of us who Serve and has Served! You Sir need to retire you has your run!
Two little to late!
Does it include any Frikin wall money?
Mexico will pay for the wall
You love tootin' your own horn,don't you???? Please retire..
can you please get Republicans to focus on RUSSIA not interfering in upcoming elections, POTUS obviously doesn’t care
Why won’t you retire?? You are not indispensable....someone else can do your job!! Stay home and enjoy your family!!
I heard you voted against it Traitor John
Hey TG4T how dare you worship satan and talk about a hero like that. You don't deserve the air you're breathing. #urawasteofhumanflesh
At least she shows her face you coward
@SaintRedeemable Don't you have a brain tumor? Should exclude yourself. #nofaith in @SenJohnMcCain
There seems to be an ability to employ a rather different technology. Not just more advanced radar. This seems like good legislation.
Start working on health Care Obama Care is hurting the American people
Build the wall @SenJohnMcCain
There is nothing you can do that over rides the damage you have done
That's the way to go...we need no wall.
Tooting your own horn again McCain? You need your own help.
Are you proud of the ratlines for weapons and drugs you are running?
Mr. Keeting 5.
Please help with #CHIP
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Deport illegals.
Well said, build the wall.
Way to go
John what do we need that for: TRUMP is building a Wall and Mexico is paying.. HA HA HA
Gun control and health care please!!!
No one wants to hear you. You lost. #retireMcCain.
STILL A RINO
Get out McCain while you still have some respect left.  Don't hang on a embarrass your self more.
Funny you voted to keep Obamacare and fuck the great people of AZ and our nation. You're a big government liberal, always have been
Great. What are you doing about the CHIP program funding? 9 million low income kids are at risk, including 100s of AZ kids.
Time to retire, John. 
Your legacy has been overshadowed by recent disloyalty to constituents and petty hatred toward your president 
GOOOO
You mean the new Camel Mounted Border Patrol.? Cool. @POTUS
But military assault weapons that are flooding out streets, meh!
How about addressing all the other 337 bills that the house passed?
I am happy sr
Go share it with your liberal friends
Star you are @SenJohnMcCain ..You should be a Democratic..Way to housetrained to be a republican. What made you take that evil road?
Shut up
boo, go away
Thank you.  Can we stop putting up a wall now?
Nope... Build the wall..
I'm sure in MD you have many going your way. :)
"Complete the dang fence"
Still no vote on CHIP? Why?
Brutus you have no pride
