Why is @SenJohnMcCain  speaking on behalf of the american people?
Because he is an American who has served his country with honor
Am sad that you believe this. Would you have ever traded places with him in a POW camp?
I appreciate that you believe that
Happy to pls send link or info
Has our President issued a similar message? BTW, I am a Democrat who deeply honors all you have done and still do for our country.
Yes, he did Linda and the first lady as well.
A bit faster than the response to Charlottesville
Please do something.  Stand up to the Nazi-sympathizer-in-chief.  Please.
#autobot #troll
Are you calling me an autobot or a troll?  That's weird.  You obviously are confused. What would you like me to do to prove that I'm not?
Wait, are YOU an autobot?  Programmed to call Trump critics trolls or autobots?
Tou che.  Really intelligient comment.
And you have excellent spelling.
Thank you but TRUMP WANTS TO KILL US. Please do something. Please!! I voted for you!
Why did ypu vote for him?
Trusted that he had the best interest of AZ in mind moreso than his opponent
Has he done well for the state?
I feel he has. Overall glad I voted for him
Right. Please retire now. Need space for someone better. You're no longer thinking right. Bye.
Senator McCain… Stand with the Senate and pass decent healthcare! Do the right thing!!
Exactly we are w trump not u rinos  @lindseygraham
You can only speak for AZ. Not the rest of us remember. Oh right. Uour a liar . #JohnthumbsdownMcCain
#Mr. McCain, My Husband And I Will Also Keep Them In Our Prayers Also. We Lived In Singapore for 3 1/2Yrs.
You stand with the neo-Nazis in Ukraine #ExplainMcCain
8 Months in #Ukraine (#Euromaidan - #MH17)
[Trailer #1]

Full Documentary: …
The truth is coming out soon! Evidence was dropped off at the White House a couple days ago!
What about supporting your own people and repel obamacare
Bot
You need to pay attention to what's going on in your own country. Fix the racism and domestic terror taking place here
McCain is all talk and no action when it comes to the craziness & peril Trump has put our country in. We need him to speak up take a stand.
Ohh crooked Johnny thank you so much for having funded in syria the jhiadist that now attacks europe. You re so evil.
But yet you refuse to publically condemn the extremely violent Leftist Marxist Antifa.
PLEASE top off your career on a truly high note by filing articles of impeachment to remove Trump. You KNOW it's the right thing to do. Act!
The only high note this bloody warmonger n death profiteer deserves is from Marche Funebre
Sorry, your stupidity is blinding. Pardon me while I laugh at your ignorance.
John you shouldn't be against our president. He isn't a life long politician like you.  Fix things for the majority base of us not the elite
Why don't you stand with your party and get rid of Obamacare? People are hurting under this horrible law/tax! I can't afford an operation!!
What a hypocrite he's the biggest terrorist of them all!
ISIS father....
You have an unbridled ego and have undermined our voice long enough. The headline should have read: The three idiots. Or three Democrats.
you pray to money
You mean "Traitor!" He is a traitor.
I am praying flake loses his seat to a real conservative and then you!
God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain.  Please help us. We need you now. I am a lifelong Dem who loves and respects you. Please help us now.
I Demand You speak out against and Disavow Islamism that killed today ! Will wait...
Dont hold your breathe... #PoliticsOverPatriotism
I won't but they all must keep being called out..sick of this shit..He has my red headed stubbornness riled up !
Traitor
John McCain needs to stand for our @POTUS and America for a change.
So called leaders like you are to blame.
But aren't you that famous POW senator that sang like a canary and frequently meets with ISIS? 
Says the man who lobbied to arm, train, and fund the same groups responsible for these attacks. #warcriminal
You helped terrorist, this is partially your fault.
But, do you denounce the Islamic terrorists? If you're going to call out hate, do it everywhere. Oh, that's right, it doesn't benefit you.
You stand with Spain but not with your party on #nobamacare vote?  Extremely disappointed with you sir!
The victims of Barcelona would still be alive if it wasn't for your support of real terrorists Al Saoud clan who created ISIS ideology
Too bad you don't stand with the people of #US

Your prayers won't go above the roof top.  You must first repent! #Warmongers.. Thieves.. Liars & Murderers can't enter into heaven. REPENT!
Traitor McCain to your country and the people.
That's rich, coming from the sponsor of all Middle East terrorists
But yet you, along with Soros, fund and arms terrorists including Al-Baghdadi of ISIS. You're a traitor against the United States of America
You don't even stand with the people of the USA! Do you really expect the people of #Spain to believe you stand with them! Their not stupid
God Bless you.
DO YOU CONDEMN IslamoFascist Supremacism that has killed 270 million non-Muslims since invention of IslamoNazism? http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2014/05/the_greatest_murder_machine_in_history.html …
 Knock out punch!
how about praying for the veterans that can't get treatment. A.H.
You're just a traitor to your country! Karma soon get you!
And we are praying for you!!! 
Really John. Is this he acceptable. I would expect that we kill who wants to kill, period.
Pray for the people who are suffering because of your treacherous backstab to hardworking struggling unable to afford/ use healthcare.
Ya McCain, actual normal peaceful Muslims hate you for your misguided support for ISIS in disguise.
U need to step down!!!
You're part of the problem!
I'm instead praying for all the innocent civilians who died due to your constant warmongering.
hey John...how about the missing 7 year old...any prayers for him?
Thwart DJT's every move for America, and now you speak for us?
Comadreja
Preying to Lucifer again huh John? You don't give a shit, we all know what you really care about is defense contractor cash, and globalism.
St0p tHe mAdNeSs!
This is what happens when you have open borders and people storming you beaches. Sorry not sorry!
Obamacare is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program.We know about ur Medicare Extension use. Money money right
When are you going to be for the people of America? How much we show the public, when not running for office! Sorry, you're sick.

?????????
You and McMaster do nothing for Spain by a surge in Afghanistan.  NO more pointless foreign wars! @syria_true
You indirectly armed and trained #ISIS as Libyan and Syrian "Rebels" scumbag. #Barcelona
Praying to whom? Thanks to Social Media the world knows that you have supported the same groups that carried out #BarcelonaAttack
Wow John this is original
I'm just curious how you're going to blame President Trump for Barcelona
a Fasho-Lover in Ukraine, halt Deine Fresse
Are you praying for the victim making frindship with Al Qaeda?
#uspoli #Iraq #Syria #Yemen #Afghanistan #Pakistan #drone assassinations
#JASTA only way 2 get #US gov 2 pay 4 all their #WarCrimes,victims!
#uspoli #JASTA
Maybe if they get sued enuff 4 enuff $$ may make em think twice b4 bringing war 2 millions of ppl no matter where they r!!!!
#cdnpoli #uspoli #ukpoli #BarcelonaAttack 
I'd b terrified if I were a Spaniard #McCain was standing with me!!!
Terrified of being casualty!
O Chutiye
Also stands with #ISIS and #Al-Qaeda
Shut up old man
Maybe we should arm the rebels some where else now
Hiw about doing some soul searching Mr McCain about who stood with in the past?
Imposter. God knows your evil.
You are one of those who must be charged for crimes against humanity! Shame on you!
I'm too busy praying for your brain tumour..... TO GROW! #nowfuckoff #anddie
It's ur fault,duh?
Personally I think you need to shut your pie hole and go crawl back under a rock you're not worthy to mention anyone who died in VA! TRAITOR

But unfortunately U don't stand for the American ppl. #VoteRinosOut
mccain jumping on trump's head and the bandwagon at the same time, that just about sums up his politics.
For generations to come the world will be under attack  because of #Americas illegal #Wars in #Iraq #Syria #Libya #RevengeAttacks #Barcelona
Retire songbird!
Glad you finally found something meaningful to say.
Por qué no te callas?
We stand with you too. How the heck are ya? Hope not too uncomfortable. 
@SenJohnMcCain #Ishareyourconcern4 the #victims #families #prayers never help if your #imaginaryfriend existed hewouldn't have let it happen

Are you still advocating to arm & empower #Islamists in #Syria?
Those were your 'moderate' buddies driving the vans
Senator, stand with the people of America.  We are victims of Trump's relentless move toward authoritarian state. Please ACT NOW
You might want to pray for the Libyans and Syrians too, whose lives you have made a misery by supporting terrorist. Your words are empty.
Praying for your swift and painful death!
Yeah too bad YOU JOHM MCCAIN DON'T STAND WITH AMERICAN PEOPLE
stop paying to jihadist
Potus is destroying Republicans Look at how Kelly looks in just a few weeks  impeach him or your total party will be discarded
Corker has your back come out strong for impeachment Potus is unfit and the people that supports him will pay forever in history
Sie sind eine Legende..Sie sind American Hero..tun Sie was, retten Sie America. God bless You
Yeah right johnny, that will help.  Listen to a real leader TRUMP and do not let these animsls into the country!!!
Be honest, McCain, you're not a Republican anymore. You're a traitor.
You're Benedict Arnold.
To bad you wouldn't stand by your Party and YOUR vow to repeal Obamacare. So whatever you stand beside is doomed! Coward!
#LordKabir
Kal dare kartar se jay jay jagdis
Jora jori jodate pagraj dare sise
साधना Tv पर 7:40 Pm से
As a lifelong Democrat, I just wanted to take a moment and thank you for your service to this country.
@SenJohnMcCain is a traitor.
Only stands with two people (himself) and (soros) his Grand Father.
#9/11
yes.
You would make a GREAT POTUS....keep fighting for us!!!
Praying hasn't helped and isn't helping.
Americans will remember who our traitors are.
Did you pray for their victims? Didn't think so.
@realDonaldTrump And here is again McCain meets
Don't  let trump into AZ for a campaign rally. Bad.
And you don't like Trump because YOU'RE JEALOUS that you're not President! We didn't want you RINO. You just want to keep a cushy job in DC!
Yeah sure! You don't care about anyone but yourself! Your healthcare NO vote proved you care more about you than the voters who voted GOP!
What do you think is standing in the way of truth and peace?
Me too. Also praying for my vision to broaden and focus in on all, to prevent these things from happening.
Please don't run again your hatred for POTUS has blinded you. Please retire and use time with your family and stay healthy. Not needed!!!
Help Heidi! Friends

you know that the illiterate old men of Iran are also in favor of the presence of the United States in Iran , if you dont like teror help
They don't need a terrorist supporting demon praying to Satan for them
Remember how you said: We watched them grow with our guns and Toyota trucks. Yes you and @POTUS44 build the ISIS State! US only wants Oil!
At least you stand with Someone but not the Arizona people that voted for you to repeal and replace obama care lier and hypocrite
Sen.McCain, wishing you better health and recovery.
Pray for Syria, for Damascus, for Aleppo, Hom, Deir Ez-Zor, Pray for the SAA, the democratically elected, UN seated government of Syria.
John stop it!  We know you really don't care about anyone but yourself.  Tell us again, How many was it that you caused to die!?
REPEAL OBAMACARE
USS FORRESTAL
You didn't even stand with and help your fellow shipmates when you caused the  on your carrier. YOU HID!! #wetstartJohnnie #Rinotrash
pity you aided terrorists in Syria so it's quite hypocritical
Tears #Barcelona #BarcelonaAttack #BarcelonaTerrorAttack #barcelonastrong
I pray as well, the people of this country and the world need to unite together and fight against these terrorist groups. Stop hate now
Time to retire Mr McCain.  Sick of your rhetoric.
You are hypocrite and liar, you know that.
Politician talk
Liar liar liar
Retire @johnmccain
Sad u don't stand for America trader mc Cain retire
