CNN aired this beautifully 2days ago;
Each Sailor, name, picture,age, 20-39, MOS, state, mini bio
Your sympathy is sickening. RINO
My prayers to all of the family and friends of these young men.I praying for the safety and security of all in Armed Forces.
Condolences to all the brave sailors families, my heart felt sympathies to all of you!
Hope you will try harder to find them than the POWs from Vietnam that you didn't try to get back.
The draft dodger occupying the WH hasn't bothered to acknowledge them but I'm glad you did! May God watch over their families!
Google Svoboda John McCain it's a Nazi group that John McCain and other supported overthrew the Ukraine
What does your conspiracy theory have to do with this sad loss of lives?
That coward Trump hasn't said a WORD about these kids!
Because he could car less about the armed forces.  All he wants to do is start a war and kill our kids.  His brats won't be going to war tho
Let's send his sons . They like to shoot . Oh wait the only have the guts to shoot fish in a barrel.
EXACTLY Beth!!!!  They love killing unarmed targets.  The entire family is just tainted
It's awful....can I make you smile? Talk in dm for a second?
Kind of a harbinger...
Hanoi Songbird.
are those the ones you murdered when you were younger or the ones you snitched on during vietname
Very sad. Deepest condolences to their Moms and loved ones.
You're ABSOLUTELY amazing!
Going to cover this one up with GOOD Service Men & Women like the Fitzgerald?1st These young Soldiers deserve TRUTH RESPECT!
Say their name Mr John McCain. 
Why you support Trump, he is a traitor, corrupt criminal a pathological liar and schizophrenic 
Why? ???????
My second year Ensign has more time underweigh in a sailboat with his girlfriend than on his billion dollar Destroyer.  Your fault McCain!
So very sorry for these tragic losses. Prayers to their families.
Looks like everything with your name on it turns to shit.

Admit that you are a traitor. The original Hanoi Songbird.
It hurts to hear so many of my shipmates have died recently, while not anywhere near war operations. RIP boys, your watch is covered.
Does it bring back memories? http://maritime-executive.com/features/remembering-the-fire-on-uss-forrestal … #MAGA #DTS
“Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.”
Thank you so much for honoring these men. Trump never mentioned them.
May each of them Rest In Peace in Jesus's Loving Arms.THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE TO OUR USA. Prayers of Comfort for their Families.
TY for honoring our sailors who lost their lives.We have a Pres who doesn't value people. His bravado for vets and the military is false.
#VeteransAgainstTrump
Thank you sir if only our President had leadership ability. Doesn't matter what party represent all of you should unite against this man
To all of them: thank you for your service. @realDonaldTrump, why are you not honoring them? Say their names.
Are you kidding me? President Trump has done more for us in the past 6 months that the previous past admin did in past 20 years. Get a clue!
They, like you, answered the call of their country. They are heroes. Their sacrifice will not be forgotten.
Have any families received condolences from Drump?
So sad.
Am ashamed/angry that 45 has not ever honored these men and the others. Again good to see one senator at least with compassion and integrity
Rest in eternal peace..., Americans, patriots, sailors. Family and friends, it isn't enough, but I offer my gratitude,sympathy and prayers.
Very tragic! Heros lost...we will miss them but will remember them, too
What did YOU do, Senator, to prevent #Obama from cutting into military expenditures? So afraid of being called "racist" you did NOTHING!
somebody's sweet babies...so sad
How many were killed when dumass Songbird McCain "Bombed" the Forrestall? He deliberately double loaded our bomber!
Our prayers are with out lost sailors, their families and our Nation. God bless!
How sad! They r all hero's
Am sad  Happened.. prayers..
My prayers are with all concerned
GOD BLESS THOSE BRAVE AMERICAN SOLDIERS. DEFENDING DEMOCRACY.
God bless them and their families.
If I'm wrong correct me, I have not heard tRUMP MENTION those  10 sailors in any way. If it doesn't benefit him, not worth the effort. AWFUL
Was there any sailors lost on the ship you served on?
Now post the photos of your shipmates
Senator how do you keep supporting a man who has not addressed the sacrifices theses young man made ? #Impeach45 
#Impeach 
Thank you & your families for the ultimate sacrifice for our country.
Our condolences and respect.
That ship was doomed when they put your name on it.
No thanks to your Congress gutting the military's budget McCain
Thank  you for sharing that.  Too bad POTUS was too busy pardoning and dividing to give such respect.
I wish them all fair wind and following seas to their families also 
Poughkeepsie you are in my area loveALL
Feeling so badly for these beautiful #Patriots who served their country with valor. Condolences to their families. RIP
MAY THEY ALL REST IN PEACE AND FAIR WINDS
During his rally in PHX, Trump had a sheet with his own quotes to whine about  "fake news" but not one word about these men! Shame!
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Prayers
To all of You, THANKS for your TIME & SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY, may God, bless your Families during this time of BEREAVEMENT.
Such a tragic time for family and friends
How many American soldiers were lost bc of your #WarCrimes? Inquiring minds want to know.
Sending you my warmest and best wishes, Sen McCain. Prayers and profound regrets for the sailors lost at sea.
We have a president that doesn't give a damn and congress that won't do anything to stop him.  What is wrong with congress?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. prayers are with families and friends. My prayers for you also. 
Signed,  A Democrat
May their service not be in vain. Amen
We must never forget the ultimate sacrifice these sailors made. God bless them and their families.
...O hear us when we cry to thee, for those in peril on the sea.
Has @realDonaldTrump said anything about them or did I miss it?
RIP. Thoughts and prayer are with you all and your families.
My thoughts are with their friends and family. Difficult time for all.
@washingtonpost - Really @SenJohnMcCain ? Even dipping in the liberal news sources. You Sir are a #RINO, through and through.
Sending love and light to them and their loved ones. 
Thanks Tamara, I had not seen them yet. Shame the President is so incompetent, and corrupt not to properly acknowledge their sacrifice.
These are ten heros that Trump doesn't feel the need to recognize. So sorry for them and their families.
Sad. So sad.
My thoughts to the family and friends!May there rest in peace!
Thank you for giving them your resect, Sen. McCain.   As far as I know, trump has failed to mention those lost even yet.
Impeach him!
Send this to idiot trump, maybe he'll give a damn, though I totally doubt it!
Have you started IMPEACHMENT orders yet??If  not dont bother talking to us sane citizens who watch every day one more piece of USA soul lost
May they Rest in Peace.
Too bad you have to pick up the Presidents slack ....did he Tweet condolences? Because he tweets everything else..

Where is Trump's accolade for these young American sailors?
Bless their families
heroes all..thank you
Sending prayers for all!!!!
Yeah look at them while you are worrying about statues
Yeah, and abandoned by that poor excuse for a human #Impeach
Thinking of our brothers, lost at sea. We know them; we were them. May they rest in eternal peace.
thank you @SenJohnMcCain ...my heart goes out to the families of these brave young soldiers.

My prayers go out to their families.
May they RIP
They Say 10 Sailors But How Come They Only Show 9 Pictures Of Them. I Guess They Didn't Want To Show Last Picture Of The Soilder #TheyMatter
RIP - they deserve our utmost respect and admiration.
Thank you for sharing the info. Seems  @POTUS is too busy pardoning racists to even care about the loss of these sailors.
Thank you for recognizing the fallen military personnel we lost. Sadly, POTUS doesn't give a care.
