Good luck sen mccain ur the best sir!
She is a committed champion to this cause, and we are so very grateful.
fix health care
Go away
John, can you expose the #OBAMACARE abuse of Fannie Mae #FANNIEGATE. PLEASE HELP!!!
Great that attention is being brought to a problem that doesn't see a lot of recognition
Nice wrk Cindy!
What about Arizona? U were elected to represent Arizona. Ur doing a very poor job 4 Republicans. However ur doing a great job for democrats!
Why isn't Trump's wife doing this type of stuff? Uncle Daddy Trump will not let her? Is it too close to home for the Trump family
Unfortunately I am not proud of you @SenJohnMcCain Worst vote I ever cast.
So human traffickers will stop what they’re doing, because someone gave a speech? You must be so proud..
Some people don't know the difference between assholicity and sarcasm...
You have wife and daughter to be proud of.   And we are all proud of and obligated to you for your leadership and example.
Speak for yourself only, please. Top Ten MOST HATED Men IN AMERICA list.RINO Traitor who is getting revenge on POTUS @ expense of Americans
That is awesome! More than what the first lady does. Maybe you should school her.
She would have made a great first lady.
Proud of Cindy. Proud of you, sir. Somewhere Sen. Goldwater is saluting the principled conscience of a true conservative.
Sen. McCain, your wife is a wonderful woman to champion this cause. I'm proud of her as well as you Senator. Thank you both.
Thank you @cindymccain and @SenJohnMcCain . Very important work that you're doing. 

Nobody made me say that 
This is indicative of how inept our government officials are in this region. Standing Rock was a very real example.
Setting her up for some political position? You just need to go away
Benedict Arnold McCain?
how about health care in az???
President Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, is working on this problem too, hoping everyone gets on board to stop the human trafficking!
SHE should have run the senator of AZ.
Yet the border wall you don't support, and amnesty you support leads to this.
You are both exemplary in your service, your grace, and how you treat each other
Funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), nearly 9 million children is set to expire on Sept. 30th
At least she is doing something worthwhile. What have u done #RINO liar? Go take care of ailing brain, spend time with ur family #RETIRE
You sir are a true patriot and hero!  Thank you.
agreed!
Proud of what Cindy McCain's effort to end human trafficking. This is something we should be discussing in congress. @Kathryn14560897
Excellent. Why not request ALL Indian Casinos to commit a % of gaming profits to fight this scourge & create after school  youth programs.
And should include other countries...plus those in conjunction w. daesh...
If only she were FLOTUS!  As u can c, Melania isn't doing so well with her "end internet bullying" thing!
How’s it feel to be a distributor of a product that destroys families and kills more people than cancer? Just curious.
Why does she just buy Tenancingo, Mexico. If she did, she really could do something about human trafficking. She is just giving lip service!
Isn't that Native American to you White Man?
I'm very proud to live in a country that has people like you and your family in it God bless all of you!
Where has she been what about trafficking in Mexico
This is an important topic! Great work.
Meanwhile we can't pass anything in the Senate
That's a laugh. She only has to look no further than her own household.
Good cause but Fire McCain's wife .We the people don't want her there..
Thank you @cindymccain
Geez McCain your hole family has gone over the edge
@POTUS Supporters trust Mccain as far as we can spit. Sick or not, McCain has always been an A-HOLE. A pic is worth a 1000 words. TRAITOR.
very proud Mrs McCain has my ear
When will you hold up your promise to repeal and replace pos care? I'm regretting voting for you in the primary and election. #provemeweong
@MeghanMcCain how can I get involved in this advocacy effort/volunteer? Im a licensed social worker& experienced w trafficking issues
She is a real soldier
Are you proud you campaigned on repeal of o care, and now you wont...im wouldnt be if i were you.
Does this mean you no longer think she's a C##t as you called her in front of reporters.
I'm proud to have any member of your family on the side of true Americans thank you for being amazing! sending you so much love Sir John
Nobody's proud of you though, traitor McCain.  Never could be like Daddy, could you?
Thank God somebody is doing something to actually help humanity over there.
Let's worry about American healthcare first. Only way to fix it, is get you out of office!!
McCain is a self serving Rat! Enough said!
Oh Proud @SenJohnMcCain you fool. You think because you were captured that U undermine @realDonaldTrump won won what U never could! #Loser
Shouldn't it be stopped everywhere? Now that Cindy has addressed that, can she address Uranium Mines in N AZ? We all know you won't

we are proud of both of you
Thank you for standing up for my sisters
While her cowardly, TRAITOROUS hubby continues to create & exploit refugees for profit & pleasure.
If she speaks like "SenJohnMcCain" you can't believe her. Watch out she may not follow her standards.
Senator, I don't always agree with you - and hard to forget the Palin disaster you foisted on us - but you are a hero & patriot.  God bless.
Thank you @cindymccain. You and your husband are great Americans! Keep fighting for the forgotten.
Apricot seeds, transdermal THC + serrapeptase + nattokinease. 
You're truly blessed with a woman who compliments you and your work.
I admire and support her, would love for her to work with Clinton foundation and stop all trafficking in Asia. It's a lot going on there
She helped highlight the conflict in Congo. Forever greatful.


How about ending human trafficking on the Ca border, San Diego, LA, lawless California!
At least there is one real patriot in the family!  You are a traitor!
Still people of Arizona are suffering because you saved Obamacare
Kudos ! As a father of a 14 years old young girl, my heart aches for these victims and their families. This is a global disease. Thank you !
Thank you for bringing attention to this
This topic really needs a voice. I'm grateful for her work.
Conditions on reservations are deplorable. Something needs to be done about that as well.
Repeal Obamacare start voting on what you ran on
Guess he's waiting on an acceptable bill to sign, not just replacing because a black man did something good.
Proud of you both! You are so loved, and respected, and appreciated Prayers for you @SenJohnMcCain
Also. And thanks for reminder of her and other's such efforts.
Time for you to retire before you ruin what legacy you have left, which is not much. Traitor to the party, sore loser, failed candidate
You stiffed the poor people of Arizona you stiff the country. One question, who gave you the nine million? Still no answer, I wonder why
Can't you take a vacation, retire, go away. How in the world could anybody believe one thing that comes out of your rotten mouth.
Great example and role model to all of us
Glad she isn't having children. America can't stomach another generation of failed McCains.
Maybe you should put effort in helping Americans with health insurance. Do your own tweeting instead of others doing it for you
Maybe some day we can be proud of you again is you keep your promise to repeal / replace Obama Care
WHAT ABOUT CINDY'S CRIME OF TAKING DRUGS FROM PEOPLE THAT NEEDED THEM, SHAME ON YOU CINDY, YOU NEEDED TO GO TO PRISON
Nice that she wants todo this elsewhere & not in her own country
This should had been a platform for the first lady to join forces with @cindymccain. Congratulations to yet another McCain!
Stop the trafficking here. Build the wall.
Thank you my hero, and to your beautiful wife, Cindy, God bless America.
Go get them Cindy!
Thank you to your whole family a family of integrity it's so refreshing in this world thank you McCain family
*Snicker*
Go Cindy! And keep speaking truth to power, Senator!

So cute.. And does she know about this? They have been killed by your nazi ukrainian friends..
You have a fantastic wife.
Thank you Mrs. McCain!
I wish u showed the same dedication to getting our health care cost down,  but I guess u r not able to get over the grudge against Trump.
The McCains are worthless.
You married her for her $$$$
Thank you
McCain Institute caught stealing millions in child-trafficking donations.
Step Down #warCriminal
Jail for traitor John
Bet its difficult for Non hero McCain to take pride in his vote.
Using your wife to make you relevant? How much is she being paid by the McCain Institute and re-election fund. RETIRE Brutus
Oh I thought she was working on HC for Americans. My bad.
Ty such a huge problem here.
John a great Woman of True Heart for others
You are a disgrace in every aspect of your life. 
Step Down Traitor.
#rinoFILTH
What's the term when an autistic kid is forced to enlist, raped, pressured by recruiter to give payck 4 car loan, homeless... patriotic?
You got a good one on your hands Sen. McCain, I think you should keep her.
At least she's lucid, u need to rest #RINO #NeverTrump
Lowering taxes on the rich is going to help pay off the debt what a giant assumption. Stupid is as stupid does. Again. Growing debt again..
Our govt wastes so much time on things .. the sad truth is we can't change other countries let's fix our own ..
important work. nobody in power cares about indians.
It's unfortunate that you decided to help defeat the Heath Care bill.
Arizonans will not forget!
*fortunate, FIFY, you're very welcome
He just doesn't remember that it is now Native American.. just showing his age..no biggie.
THANKS so much for your hard work!
You guys are the best!
Your turn      Maybe you can do something good       Like   RETIRE
Wado @cindymccain
Way to go Mrs. McCain! this has to end!
Very admirable indeed.
and what did you discuss with the Putin-Oligarchs during your Pres. Campaign Sir? https://twitter.com/UnamedGovSource/status/911728212455116801 …
Our president once walked in on naked Miss Teen USA pageant. Rotten example set from the top. #impeachment is key to so many issues.
🖒
Indian country???
Proud of both of you!
*Senator

One follower oh Russia, surely u can do better than that. Blocked
Why did you lie to AZ?
Oh you mean why did he stop covering for lies? Block
Senate change to a Dem please.
We have asked a lot of you Senator McCain, one last thing, please change to a democrat.
Sure, he would be welcome.  Nothing wrong with making a change for the better no matter how late! I doubt it though he's quite Conservative.
