Reagan ran away from AZ House Bill 2404 - removes right of citizens to make laws by vote
You thrive on pictures of yourself you ego maniac
soooo what about the Ukrainian prime minister who was actually a prankster u divulged secrets to? 
seriously???
what really stupid things will u do next to oppose My Pres?
Please Senator McCain, fight for our freedom! Get Russia out of our White House! #investigateTrump
What R U doing to bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
Rep Gutierrez was told to leave ICE meeting by Paul Ryan
Speaking with reporters and Capitol Police outside ICE meeting we could not enter. @elisefoley #twill 
She's FUBAR defined but then...u also once whined about the "dang fence" so birds of a feather...
disappointed
@AZGOP If AZ has any sense left they will get rid of mccain ASAP!
McCain is an obstructionist in Washington. Can't be trusted
And your meeting begins fixing Arizona's 'failing' education system how???
you guys should resign because yall supports that Trump crap..Afraid or just weak..do you job..Smh @SecretaryReagan
<----cant even shake a woman's hand without looking like he is going to catch some disease  @SecretaryReagan
What did the president know and when did he know it? 2018 is coming #resist#investigate
Be nice if you were as cordial to POTUS. Be the bigger man.
please listen to today's trump press conference in ENTIRETY...something seriously WRONG total disconnect
She looks embarrassed to meet you @POWMcCain, Keep your dirty mitts off her. @MittRomney #WeDemandAnswers
why is your name not on the list of senators demanding an investigation into trump's collusion with Russia?
U.S president Donald Trump needs to be support let's stop personal hostility look for the big pictures '
you need to be impeached. You have denounced our President and s/b arrested for treason of America.U r crazy
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia....this is the ONLY story you should be pursuing
#libtard  Royal piece of sht @SenJohnMcCain you are a traitor who will be criminally charged & convicted of treason! #hang @SecretaryReagan
pay attention to our national security. We are all scared.  Trump is out of control.
U watch @Potus conf?! U need INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION #TrumpRussia. Remove Traitors. How do u sleep? #Trumpnewsconference
Catch the rambling, lying, idiot POTUS (Psycho of Treasonous Urinary Stuff)? As he Fs up world, how far Rs?
@HeidiGoitia @SecretaryReagan Yeah, her "election debacle" showed great leadership. The next Sarah Palin...only dumber.
You must stop Trump from hiring Stephen Feinberg to "review" CIA+. He wants to punish those who got intel on Flynn. Please!
yes like punish you fellow traitor & leaker @Evan_McMullin #ExploitedSorosVictim #Libtard
congratulation brenda, sincerely awesome you came back to political family. I don't believe you would back
This Republican Administration needs to be investigated. #FlynnResignation #russianhacking #Russia #DoYourJob
she has messed up 2 elections here and this is a great job? think not! can't wait to vote her out!
This madman with the help of Russia stole the election, are you going to allow this treasonous deed.
Trump is nuts all he dos is talk about the election!!
@MaxineWaters  Call me, im still waiting your reaction on results of election in Limpopo.
da, time to call your handlers
Sir I beg of you take sure Trump is investigated thoroughly for Russia connections.
Hey John, are you on top of the intel leaks yet? I see you're hob-bobbing, how about getting on the leaks
sir a democrat here. WTH is going on with the administration. I'm a ordinary woman and I'm concerned. What can we do?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH PLEASE HELP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
John, I feel you are a good man. PLEASE Stand up and demand an independent investigation of administration!
- please, could you take action towards @realDonaldTrump before its getting any worse? Best regards from Norway. I trust U!
PLEASE RETIRE. IT IS TIME!
wait a second there ...LEADERSHIP ? Does Gov Ducey know? I thought each level of Gov't had one Leader
#devos coward
I'm sure you both discussed the need for AZ to stop using the voter suppression tool "Crosscheck," amirite?
Greetings from Obrvalova.Russky hacker!
let ur colleagues know the American people demand to know the truth abt Russian collusion. Tell them to do the right thing.
how bout those russian scandals
please retire
notice the secret illuminate hand shake!
what are you doing about Russia?
#devos coward
@realDonaldTrump Senator, someone needs to tell him his isnt a spokesmodel, he's President.  You own his results. all on you
what a laugh
Federalism is important with a traitor in the White House. Glad your paying attention to state gov. #impeach
#townhall 
Oh, I get it! One Arizonan at a time
A picture of John shaking hands in front of pictures of John shaking hands...
I'm sure you both discussed the need for AZ to stop using the voter suppression tool "Crosscheck," amirite?
@realDonaldTrump Melania's husband is looking more unhinged with each day.Didnt think it was possible, but it is.
please S...O ....S.... S...O ....S....sos...sos... SOS Does anyone know I am here ? SOS!!! Save the USA
you need to tandem behind our POTUS and put aside your personal feelings, he needs your help and backing
how about repealing Ocare and extreme vetting prior to handing out sub checks for the replacement?
I love you John McCain!! 
nobody Ned's u Mc cane
Democrat here 2 applaud you 4 putting USA before the WH. Investigate RUS ties. Your country calls you again. Heroes answer.
So we're ignoring this whole russia/mentally-ill man-in-the-WH thing?  What has to be done for you to fight?
Was their widespread vote fraud? Fineberg & Jefferson Beauregard lead treason investigations? Good (R) work
Please don't let all you and many other brave men+women fought and died for be destroyed by these traitors
weak handshake John, I expect better #limphands
Retire already!!
We Want the TAX REFORM & Health Care Reform COMPLETED. Let's Get it DONE John Push on this
check out Jason Chavettz ... He's involved w/Russia-Trump connection. What other reason he won't investigate
don't let your years in the military be stained by this moron in the white house
Can she help with an independent investigation into Russian infiltration of WH?
please help protect our constitution against #tyranny thank you very much 
