Dr.Burzynski cured hundreds of peopleW/ brainCancer. FDA sent him cases they thought would fail, so they could call him Afraud it backfired
Would you be interested in hearing an oncologist's analysis of the movie?
Absolutely!!! I love 2learn but I studied this man 4a decade. So you are going to have a very hard time convincing me. But please educate me
This is a typical story, and the one that made me and some friends realize what was happening:
It's long, but important to read through to the end. So, with that in mind, here is the doctor's review:
Thank U 4 the quick response. I feel Sen. McCain is a hero N my book& was very sorry 2hear about him. I will start reading &thankU4 sharing
No problem. I saw that scar yesterday, and my heart broke for him. I felt stabbed when I heard the diagnosis.
Me too that's why I pitch Dr. BURZINSKI so hard but I'm reading all the information you sent and slowly to completely understand. Talk soon
Imagine being so weak and gutless that you’d let a historically unpopular president tie you to a bill with a 16% approval rating.
Yes but who knew the middle east was hard? Don't you want to arm the "rebels" & spend a few billion b/cuz it's always works so well
It's because we have an idiot and sociopath for commander in chief. How GOP stands by him EVER is tragic.
Your friends are doing this. Traitor of the people of this country
You should take a lot of credit for that, Sir.  You were one of the main people who put us there.
Why do you continually vote to support policies of this cockroach?
You guys are more intent to repeal and replace Obamacare. Its obvious none of you can multi-task. Focus.
So your strategy was to kill Americans, murderer
May I suggest a strategy?  GET OUT!  Afghanistan is not winnable. We have been there 16 years!  This is not benefitting the American people.
It's benefited McCain and his cronies along with those who fund the @GOP
Oh, but the Taliban used to be "freedom fighters"! Some were even invited to the White House!don´t U remember, Senator #McCain? #strategy
What do you want? Tens of thousands more American troops in a godforsaken landscape impossible to secure, much less to rule or govern????
Maybe you should help Stop arming terrorists
@MujMash  It won't take a bomb to kill millions in the U.S., just a "Yes" vote from you. PLEASE VOTE NO! 
Senator what can you say about these numbers of death? http://www.globalresearch.ca/us-has-killed-more-than-20-million-people-in-37-victim-nations-since-world-war-ii/5492051 …
We have never had a strategy. Bush had none. Obama formulated none. And Trump is a Russian agent. You've been a Senator all the while.
Touche
You think trump's got a strategy?
Get well Sen. Don't put your health at risk for a "BAD Healthcare bill" that 30 million Americans lose Healthcare.Be Strong.Pres dissed you.
CBO's secret: 73% of coverage difference between #Obamacare & GOP bills is driven by individual mandate https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/07/22/cbo-three-fourths-of-coverage-difference-between-obamacare-gop-bills-driven-by-individual-mandate/#6df3b7b43627 … via @Avik
Without the individual mandate young people say "don't need  it" then come down with Cancer, MS, or accident. You can't drive w/o insurance.
I am not wasting my time with a bot.
Me either.
Do #Afghanistan a favour and just F off, would u? #Strategy #McCain
lot of pussy-footing around over the years; ISIS keeps Mosul for 3 years? Afghanistan keeps on in conflict. seems like US wants it ($$)
Stop voting for wars & death Mr McCain. Bad KARMA!
If you guys weren't sooooo obsessed with repealing Obamacare perhaps you could address the really necessary things
Well then Senator put forth a bill declaring war on ISIS and the Taliban, then insist we annihilate them all. You are too wise to play games
Sir, thats because you are trying to find a solution to Afghanistan. We would like you to find a solution to Pak sponsored unrest #RootCanal
I will never understand your support for DJT. Sad lesson for my children
But this healthcare act is going to kill many many more. You could have stopped it.
No, we have seen disgraceful now. That wasn't it.
Um how is the taliban any different than you today? An explosion killed only dozens- you're killing millions. Who's worse here?
you've been running the war 'game' for the last 30 years and now you're rich. goodbye forever.
We should withdraw all troops.
Here's a strategy for you: Get Out!
Guess Trump is right - you're not much of a hero.
Disgraceful we have no strategy for the millions of AMERICANS who will have no healthcare because of YOU.  GOP more dangerous than Taliban
Read up on your Afghanistan history before you think western government can control/explain the world to people who don't want to hear it.
Under 2-two termed Presidencies still no strategy? What has the #ASC done under your leadership? Warmongers amongst those in DC? ISIS=yours?
But you rose from the dead to kill healthcare?  That's the real disgrace. #rootingforcancer
or #libya #yemen #russia #ukrain #europe #nato #Somalia #Haiti #DRCongo  #Saudi... Correction: we sell weapons & heap praise on #wahabists
yet you stay a loyal GOP footsoldier nonetheless.
How can you have a strategy when you have no state department??
You're the disgrace!
But there's no oil there so @realDonaldTrump won't give a f**k.
Yet you vote for millions to lose their healthcare, causing uncontrolled illness, and in some cases death, yet the Taliban is disgraceful.
Maybe you shouldn't have voted for that war in the first place.
Says the man who meets with ISIS in Syria...the irony isn't lost on me.
Disgraceful you have no plan for healthcare but, you got all the care you want so... the hell with tens of millions, right?
White man, w/brain cancer, receiving free government sponsored healthcare ... rolls out of his hospital bed to strip everyone else of theirs
YOU SUPPLY THE ARMS
Disgraceful we have no strategy to save the 600,000 who die a year from cancer in the United States.
Not as disgraceful as your strategy to dismantle #America — starting with stripping #healthcare rights from #Americans. #HelpAmerica
you are talking about your hero led vote for Healthcare right.  You are awful.
The Taliban is a bunch of pikers compared what you and your friends just did to the American people.  Shame shame shame.
The #healthcareact that you voted yes to will kill millions. A much larger number. Wouldn't you agree? Smh
The strategy is,let the people of Afghanistan stand up and defend there own land,rather than depend of foreign forces to do it.
And Russia is backing them. But sure, keep lock-step supporting @realDonaldTrump – you're doing more damage than the Taliban is.
A great strategy would be to withdraw all troops from this country.
W broke it with your support.  Invading Iraq was more important than Afghanistan.
Our president is a despot. Congress has to stand up to him. Get better and fight for the people. Bring your voice of reason
You do, Trump's using Obama's plan but more viciously so he can kill more civilians.
How can you have a strategy, when the GOP in both the House and the Senate can't seem to do anything except try to repeal the ACA? No soul.
@HMiglino @keri
We need to get out. Let a responsible neighbor get in there. CUT defense spending we need the money put to healthcare and education!
If Afghanistan matters, everywhere matters. If everywhere matters, nowhere matters.
you will have to wait 4 years for one
Glad to have you back senator. Give them hell
Did you really think the con man had a strategy for Afghanistan?
The current POTUS has many mental illnesses, including Adult Hyperactivity/Attention Deficit Neurosis.  He cannot think straight.
WH 45 killing around the globe with no strategy for Putin's agenda WH 45 GOP Congressional so boldly eagerly happily to kill Americans@POTUS
Fuckin' Obama!!!
@MujMash @potus #trump & Russia has a strategy for the taliban pay them to attack & kill Americans
POTUS only concerned w himself, not REAL issues. C'mon, man. FIX ACA & force this fool POTUS 2 B REAL.
Then speak up...and not just in a tweet!!!!  You have opportunity of a lifetime...to make a difference. Pls use it.
I dont believe we truly have a strategy for any of the middle east countries. Shdnt we allow Afghans to make strategy and we support them
Trump has no strategy for anything - health care? No. Foreign Policy? No. Niddle class recovery? No. Trump's entire life has been bullying.
WH has no strategy for anything, except killing Americans by taking away ACA
Did you also hear that the Russians might be funding the Taliban?
Stop selling weapons in the black market and trying to get rich of overseas oil. Investigate Podesto and #Skyblues
#MCCAIN SUPPORTS @realdonaldtrump MADMAN #trump colludes w #PUTIN who arming #AFGHANISTAN  #taliban killing #USA #NATO TROOPS BAD move SAD
Senator, you and many other have blocked this ministration from doing 100% of the job that he was elected to do.Stop bitching and help.
US has a strategy for wiping out Taliban but Trump can't tell John McCain because as usual he leaks [c] info to the enemy.

Will cancer-stricken @SenJohnMcCain help a draft-dodger who called him a loser take health care from millions? Then this will be his legacy.
The Taliban that Russia is funding?
You have no strategy everywhere in the world, Afghanistan is no exception
Apparently Your presidents owners (Russia) are selling weapons to the taliban... FYI
"I, alone, can fix it." - Donald J. Trump
Yeah, you and your party -- which controls the White House and both houses of Congress -- should maybe get on that
Should have focused on instead of exploding Iraq early.
Perhaps "strategy" for Afghanistan should start by NO MORE PROFITING from poppy fields?
Trump wants to disarm the men fighting against despot Assad's army. 
Helping Russia, That is Trump's strategy.
True but what's even more disgraceful is taking away access to high quality affordable health care from millions of Americans.
Disgraceful that we have an orange ape for president as well. Please push for impeachment of Trump and Co. You used to have honor.


Here is a strategy. Get Out!
Yours is the voice that will be heard. Now more than ever. Praying for you and hope you will speak on this lunatic in the WH upon ur return.
Nor will you as long as Trump is in office.
Why dont u work with trump instead of hiding and throwing stones from the swamp filled with your collaborators
Your best strategy would be to get the hell out
No plans for #Afghanistan or healthcare. No plans, The man is crazy. Stop him.
Trump should ask the Russians or British for advice. Mmmm, they and all Afghan attempts to modernize country failed! What will we do?
U R directly involved with us being there for nearly 17 years now. Where's your plan?  You seem to always fall short on promises #repeal
Get well before you open your mouth. For the past 18 years you've done nothing. Listen up as you rest:
Sadly true. GOP started this war and now control the government. Why no strategy? Who to blame? You were involved from the start.
@realDonaldTrump only plan right now is to pardon the whole dang family and his cronies. sad while our soldiers fight hes filming himself.
of course and @realDonaldTrump is tweeting to the whole world he getting on a plane and where he's at. no security for photo-ops right?
Get out of the Middle East now. USA has destroyed and killed thousands in Iraq, Libya, Syria and Afghanistan. You are the terror since 2003.
Trump probably already blamed Obama. He has done nothing sir. An embarrassment to our party.
The irony of you coming back to DC to vote against healthcare for tens of millions of Americans will be another nail in the coffin of GOP
TOUCHE' Nnacy!!!  Touche'.
How hopeless and desperate do you have to be, to willingly blow yourself up and kill the innocent?
Disgraceful that we are still involved in this mess..bring our troops home NOW..Imo nothing accomplished in 15yrs.
Says the Mexican Blog .... and the fake, war mongering, deep state puppet. Who invaded & killed MILLIONS of Christians in Syria?JOHN??
Hope you feel better
McCain is a traitor who didn't have a problem for the last 8 years with the globalist war mongering. Hey McCain, shut up and retire.
Hey John. Is this you in the video?  Asking for a friend.
Taliban struck both Lahore and Kabul today! Senator, is US going to act against Taliban operating freely on the US invaded Afghan soil?
Yawning oops   time
I guess were supposed to fix and seven months what took several years to manifest
Also disgraceful: Not knowing what TERRIBLE #Trumpcare plan you're voting on in 24 hours and trying to take care away from millions #VoteNO
Where is your strategy?  Get well and retire!
You are the disgraceful one.  You have been in Washington too long for not coming up with a strategy yourself.
Beyond wanting to be adored and obeyed, President Trump doesn't have a strategy for anything. He is unfit to serve. We need you Maverick!
@realDonaldTrump Says who!
Why not set up and read input of a new website - have ideas for an improved foreign policy, please post - you just may find a gold mine.
Because guys like you tie our hands to bomb their poppy fields. They have freedom. Find another crop to sell. Heroin not being one of them.
Like the clock, the best foreign policy ideas may be found with the homeless, unemployed, though not working - at times be right!
A watch not working is still right twice a day. The homeless, unemployed may not be working, though be right at times.
John we need u get well soon
Your strategy to destabilize the Middle East fund radicles all over is working phenomenally well. It's just not very popular.
Sure we do, we are going to contract this war out to "blackwater" like businesses  to handle it for us.
Yet we still have open, leaking Uranium Mines in N AZ. POTUS will take care of strategy overseas and do a great job. What have you done n AZ
Pessimistic view dontcha think. Good thing your not @POTUS.
What's disgraceful is you you've done nothing but cause trouble and fool the poor people of Arizona
Trump has deferred to his generals. No leadership and no responsibility for the modern day president.
protecting the heroin
Fight against Trump! Make this your mission! He is the REASON we have no strategy because he has no idea wtf he is doing
Thought strategy was to leave when Bib Laden was dead? Well, time to go...
Trump knows better than the generals. Just ask him.  He's got a secret plan. Believe me.
It's gonna be YUGE!
You and the Dems have been there for years! Trump has been there for 6 mos. why did you and Dems do nothing?
Even more disgraceful that our so-called ally, Pakistan, is actively supporting this terrorist group, Taliban!
What kind of drugs are you taking? If you were the hero you use to be you would drive to DC & pass Americas agenda or RESIGN
We do not belong in Afghanistan. Get out. All you want is more war.
There has never been one since 9/11. It was retaliation. Should have nuked them back then and not still be dealing with it today. MHO
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Donald, please pull out your super secret plan to defeat ISIS. Was this another lie?!?!
Mr. SYR Kaideci adamlarınız da İdlib de iyi iş çıkarmışlar bugün. Bu küçük hesaplarla dünyayı cehenneme çevirdiğiniz de açık.
Idea, have Pakistan annex them.  Their problem.
Senator McCain is on the job. Outstanding American. Prayers lifted up.
Trump is too busy plundering the nation. You Republikans need to own this
Don't worry - @realDonaldTrump wants to find out why we are still there.
The blood of young marines is ALWAYS McCain's goto plan.
After living thru & witnessing 1st hand the Futility of trying to defeat a people on THEIR historical homeland I don't see how ANY (1/2)
Strategy can work. Since #WW2 the Only large Military engagement We've achieved even a stalemate in is Korea!
You guys did not have it for 8 years
"Disgraceful" is selling #BlackWeapons to profit insanely in war & suffering. #Bulgaria #WhitePhosphorus #Uranium #SlikWayAirlines #DEPRAVED
we've had no strategy from start, can't invade some1s  land, culture, religion and form a democratic Christian society, not even wrong here
We're trying to come up with an exit for 45, aka " I know more than the generals".
Botsky trollsky. Go home comrade
After dragging our feet for 8yrs , it is going to take awhile to get the military into shape, then it will be Katy bar the door 
We've been there 15 years! You've been in DC since the 1980s! Thanks for serving but pease retire and get well!
Your didn't seem too concerned with the last administrations lack of meaningful strategy
Sir, there isn't a strategy or policy for anything with this Trump admin. Just chaos. Save our healthcare.
The Obamacare was dumbed from the beginning , a good replacement takes more than 6 mos
Agree.  Frustrating for those of us who have loved ones serving.
When you had a strategy?
And it has all happened on your watch - just like the VA crisis.

This health care bill isn't simply unconscionable and unjust. It's unconstitutional.

We won't stand for it. 
Then Senator you give them a strategy! Fly boy!

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-20/senate-s-revised-health-bill-would-boost-uninsured-by-22-million … 

Health care bill would  premiums & take coverage from thousands of West Virginians. RT to tell @SenCapito: #VoteNo 

Sen. Murkowski committed “I will not support a reckless repeal process that leaves people hanging.”
That’s what Senate GOP plan would do. 
Every single thing coming, or not, from the WH is disgraceful. EVERY SINGLE THING!
How can u expect strategy from the man who elected for photo opps, free golf, flying on AF1, he can't even get out of USSR let alone Afganis

Putin wants us out of there, POTUS seems to be complying!
Да зачем оттуда. Оставайтесь, сколько у Вас там трупов уже?
Disagree:  It's a beautiful strategy for keeping the "War on Terror" going, and making rich weapons-contractors richer for decades to come.
