After your brain tumor, you are FOR #deathcare? What's wrong with you? Did it metastasize? Hope not, but think about the rest of us! #VOTENO
You just broke my heart.
Please please vote no!!! I believe in you Senator that you will do the right thing!!
Country over party!  Say "no" to this horrific bill.  I hope you do the right thing.
what work did you do on health care?
I pray Trump will write an E. O. to drop your damn insurance and all of the rest of Congress.  He can legally do that.
We're ALL gonna die at this rate! STOP THEM,PLEASE!
You're a traitor and a disgrace. America should have let north Vietnam keep you.
My life depends on affordable ins - type 1 diabetic. #NotMyFault #VoteNo #VoteNoTrumpcare #Arizona
Do what's right. We need you to preserve the ACA. Shock them all, Senator. Stand against them, & instead stand with the American people.
Please McCain #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #VoteNo for this Health GOP bill 
My life's over... No more Medicaid for me
Don't despair yet. We have some good people fighting for people in your position.
 I don't have a future nor goals because Im disabled and won't have anything cover
You will be okay, honey. Don't worry. We just have to let them know right now that it's scary. It will turn around again in time

God Bless
Looks like you finally found your backbone.  Your selection of Palin was more than enough destruction of this country.
Please don't take away healthcare for folks that are insured with ACA.  It's just not right.
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
Your legacy awaits.
Speedy recovery, sir. You could help others in your situation by keeping @GOP from removing coverage from those that desperately need it.
PLEASE REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
So cruel. How can you use your gov healthcare only to take it away from millions? You used to be an honorable man.
Pleasantly surprised! Thank you for standing up to Trump & the GOP hellbent on undoing all the good Obama did. Now fix #ACA #SinglePayerNow
Don't let a yes vote taking HC away from 22m be your legacy. Be a hero again-vote no.
Don't let them rip insurance away from Americans . Say no to a plan that no one has reviewed . Put Americans over party .
Please #ProtectOurCare Senator. It is easier to destroy than it is to build. Lead the way on repairing the ACA. #CountryB4Party #SaveTheACA
I'm glad your well enough to return. Prayers for a full recovery. Please take your heroism and use it to help others who need the ACA.
Consider diagnosis you got/trtmnt you're getting: hope you vote NO on Sen "healthcare" bill. Imagine ppl in your position w/o real coverage
I am a constituent of yours. I am a cancer survivor & run my own business. If this horrid bill passes, I live in stress of losing my home.
They once called you a Maverick. Earn that nickname again sir.
Pls pls pls sir VOTE NO!!
Vote no on secret Trumpcare bill; help craft a bipartisan healthcare bill.
You may not have to worry about pre-existing conditions, but many of us do. Pls consider us.
NO!! You must vote NO, Sen. McCain. Would you leave your healthcare in limbo like the Republican party is proposing? The US deserves better.
There is no "health reform" bill.  In all cases, rich people get a tax cut and millions of people lose health insurance.
A 17 year old friend died of glio last week. Praying for you. Please don't vote to repeal care for millions.
Vote NO. You know it's the right thing to do.
@RyanLizza remember when Trump ripped you for being a POW?  Do your duty and vote no tomorrow.
Hope you vote NO,How can anyone vote yes if they have no knowledge what's in the bill. Vote yes may cost millions their coverages.God Bless
While enjoying your gov funded healthcare, remember your statement about regular order when voting to take healthcare from 22 mil Americans
is scum...the worst kind......
Please sir, vote No tomorrow, Arizona needs "Maverick" back. You know the repeal of #ACA will harm so many of your elderly & disabled ppl!
I wish you only the best, sir. But please #VoteNo Great health care & good insurance is why my child still has her father - he beat melanoma
If you end the ACA, it will end my AZ small business.
Please vote NO and fix the ACA!
Sir, you are better than this. Please do the right thing.
Please don't take away the ability of millions to have health care
Repeal Obamacare, do the right thing while you can. Wishing you well with your fight with cancer!
History is watching Senator McCain. You can be a great Statesman or be remembered for throwing away your legacy. Your call.
If you are the true American hero everyone claims, please don't vote to strip the most vulnerable of their healthcare. #BeOurHero

BREAKING: 166 groups just sent a letter urging senators to reject stripping health care from millions of Americans. http://bit.ly/2uRQJ4h  
Vote no. Think of us the ppl.
They guy with great healthcare goes to DC to screw his constituents out of theirs. Sad!
Please be the rebel that we need.
They forced Sarah Palin on you and cost you the election.
#Resist
If you vote for the #DeathCare bill after your recent diagnosis, you are inhuman. Be a hero & save Healthcare for Americans by voting NO
- please force the Senate to conduct its business in the public eye.   This hidden process so far has been shameful.
You of all people should know that taking healthcare away from millions, especially the elderly and sick, is wrong.
So happy you are feeling well Enough to return.  Please share your strength with fellow Rep to stand up to Trump, don't be bullied
Everyone on your timeline is begging you to vote NO, yet I have a feeling you are just ignore the will of the people and vote yes...
There is no doubt you earned the right at a fighting chance to try to beat this but most Americans do deserve a fighting chance... 1/
We the people are begging you to do the right thing.  Leave a legacy of hope and good health, not 'burnt fields'.  5/5
No repeal 
I hope you are the man I think you are and you will not vote Death for Americans 
BRCA and repeal are just that. We lose all that



The Pelosi talking point "you have to pass it to see it" was about the ACA once it became law. 188 GOP amendments are in the ACA
They saw it
The DNC gave the GOP Romneycare & they were too blinded by pride to make the necessary changes for success. It will take a real hero to fix!
Hopefully you will have access to a great clinical trial! 
Please don't deprive other cancer pts of that opportunity
From your late colleague Ted Kennedy. 
I hope you remember these words as you vote on repeal.
Please tell me that you're not coming back just to vote to take away healthcare from millions of people not as fortunate as you.
Medicaid was here before. Use it.
...Medicaid didn't cover nearly enough people, and this bill would damage Medicaid too. Come on.
Medicaid is damaged along with failed Obamacare. Rep need to have an uprising about having to pay all this money for lazy Liberals.
I'm going to assume you're a troll b/c this is a perfect parody of ignorance. Conservatives in red states are the biggest O-care users. Bye!
You perfectly don't know the meaning of parody. Check Webster's.
Vote NO, people lives matter, just like yours.
Are you ready to meet your maker having taken healthcare from millions?  Hard to see that considered a just & compassionate action.
Yes, don't think McCain will be judged well when he votes to hurt millions of poor people.
Being a catholic man, the Pope is vehemently opposed to all the wrongs this administration has done. I hope he has the gumption to vote NO.
You speaking for the Pope? Bahaha
No, she's heard what the Pope has had to say!! And she's right on with her statement!!!
at least we now know how Hitler took over Germany & why Trump went bankrupt all the time. Look on the positive side of things. 
Obama bankrupted our country. Restructuring debt is what corporations do.

Liar
I thank you for your service to the American People! "Bring me your tired, your poor,....
Millions in Georgia have no insurance. Can't afford it. Check facts. My deductible is $6900 a yr a person.
The bill repeals out-of-pocket cost limits that are currently in place. Changes have to be made to make it better but repeal screws us
They have to do something. If they are not going to replace, repeal.
Sir, thank you for your past courage and bravery. Please show it to us again -- today -- by voting NO. Please save the ACA; save our lives!
Sir, Thank you for your vote today. Much respect.
Sen McCain, America needs a courageous "no" vote to prevent a politically motivated, ill-thought-out plan from replacing a fixable ACA.
Sen McCain, a courageous vote for the American people...thank you!
Thousands of dying babies screaming daily in death camps called #plannedparenthood #SenMcCain hope you realize #DEFUNDPP WAS IN THAT BILL
Very disappointing that you followed such an inspiring speech with an equally destructive action. We r praying for ur health and well being.
LIAR.
you sir are a hypocrite. I would have hoped the cancer would make you more compassionate. Shame on you!
good work last night. Thank you. Now get some rest.
I hope you do the right thing vote for the people and not the party. After all, it's the people who put you in your position
Senator please put PEOPLES LIVES ABOVE POLITICAL PARTY. If repeal ACA 22 MILLION WILL LOSE HEALTHCARE and  many, their very lives. WWJD
If I have low/medium income and brain cancer, which plan is better for me and my family? #Obamacare or #Trumpcare?
Welcome back- now vote NO ON ACA REPEAL! 
Picking @SarahPalinUSA as running mate has dropped to No. 2 on the list of Worst things John McCain has done.
Shame on you for voting yes. What happened to you having our backs ? 
#shameonyou
I used to admire you.  But it looks like party and politics outweigh the people you represent.
Please consider what you just went through when voting on the MTP. Imagine how terrifying the same exp would be w/out insurance. Pls vote no
Dont be fooled by the showmanship! You KNOW the current state of Rep. Health Bill is beyond flawed! Vote NO & take time to consider! Please!
Vote NO!! The American need you to fight for us!! Please, Senator!! Tell McCONNELL NO!!
Please vote for what is best for the USA. Preserve ACA.
Thanks for the retweet.
It's a good tweet.
;)
It's an ugly sh&t show
Watching Sen. McCain's speech now. I don't agree with him on a lot, but he is an intelligent and reasonable man. #Respect
Do the right thing and vote no on a bill you haven't seen.  Ur legacy is at stake.
You care so much for veterans, yet they would suffer the most (and the elderly AND children) under Senate plan.  Hypocritical, yes?
You didn't WORK - you voted against HC for Americans. 
WORK is what PRESIDENT CARTER DOES .. also w/BRAIN CANCER .. he BUILDS HOUSES
Vote No senator! Country over party. Show the people your loyalty. Stop this madness.
Be a Maverick....Vote NO on the motion to proceed!
Taking health care away from millions? Here's how much members of Congress pay for their health insurance - CNBC
U r voting for a bill that will take away healthcare from millions of Americans. They will not be able to afford the care u r getting.
As a survivor I beg you please to vote down the repeal and lead the repair of the ACA. My sons and grandchildren lives will be jeopardized.
PLEASE don't vote to repeal the ACA. Imagine if your own cancer depended on it! #SaveACA #Trumpcare
Great news that you still can work. Hopefully your heart will allow you to afford to other americans access to same healthcare you have
ur soul will pay when u meet ur maker....god speed...u just voted to murder millions...not a hero at all...pandering to a mad man.
you fight for dignity and what's right your whole life.  The #bcra is NOT it, i am doctor and this hurts my patients
Sure, the dead can't vote, but their friends & relatives can & will. How long b4 this destroys the @GOP party? Own it, bc it will haunt you.
1 - so ur dragging urself out of hospital bed PAID FOR BY TAXPAYERS to fly 2,000 miles to cast vote to remove healthcare from 22 million
I feel so sickened by what you've done. Words cannot describe.
It's hard to criticize a guy with brain cancer except when he's working to take away health care from other guys with brain cancer. https://twitter.com/trayf/status/889923581513256961 …
Glad you could come back to the Senate to stab a knife in the back of the American public!
You're an American hero. Don't repeal ACA. Become a legend this week!
Please don't condemn millions to death and suffering.
Senator, you can be a folk hero today and secure your legacy for all time. Please don't repeal the ACA.
Why?
Sadly it isn't Healthcare reform. Cut Medicaid give tax break to uber wealthy isn't reform. We DO need reform, not party before country
Stop letting the Enemy of the People live in the white house or your legacy is that of traitor as well
Thank you. Vote 'yes'
Do the right thing, Senator,as you have always strived. Vote NO on this garbage legislation only intended to give POTUS a "win"#straighttalk
Please vote with your heart and your conscience, not the party line. History will remember you for your vote.
Please vote no to taking healthcare possibilities from millions!!!   Vote no to Trumps bullied in, poorly disclosed, & uncaring plan
How dare you use insurance I paid for to treat your cancer, only to take it away from millions. Your were a brave soldier. Now a sad coward.
are you man enough to stand up to the leaders of your party who don't think Americans deserve the same health care that you have? #SaveACA
Ur alive and kicking bec u have great healthcare lucky u! You signed the death certificate for millions of Americans. This will b ur legacy
Take care of your health.
Please don't vote to repeal without a replace.

Ted Kennedy also murdered a young woman when he was drunk driving. Then he snuck away like a dog and was never charged
What do those soldiers fight for if the Constitution is dead?
This is profoundly undemocratic. 13 men went into a room to decide healthcare for 312 million people. Now 51 people will decide our fate.
Senator McCain I'm so happy to see you up and at it, you are strong like a bull. PLEASE DON'T VOTE FOR THIS BILL. IT'S GOING TO HURT PPL 
Hobbled out of your sick bed to take insurance away from millions of Americans... what a disgrace the GOP is... @SenJohnMcCain
Other things you've disgraced: the military, your family, the government, whatever religion you pretend to be part of and humanity.
Would the average American be able to afford the treatments you are getting to fight Brain Cancer?
Shame on you for getting the best in health care and denying millions of americans the basics!!
How brace of you to roll out of your hospital bed and vote yes for a bill to take away similar coverage from millions! Maverick=push over
From one U S Navy vet to another do not throw anyone off health care

You are a beneficiary of quality HC, that hopefully will extend your life. Will you vote today to take that benefit away from millions?
Shame on you.
Senator, Please recognize how sad it is that ppl are begging you for their lives! This is not how Senate works & not who we are as Country.
Why are the Republicans trying to hurt the American people? We pay Federal taxes and have a say in how Congress spends our money. Vote NO!
Please be a hero (again...) Don't vote to repeal #ACA. Work with your Democratic colleagues to fix it
Thanks for helping to kill health care in America. You will always be remembered as a coward.
Shame on you. I'm glad you were never president. Maybe Trump was right in the first place. You aren't a hero 
Please John, tell me you didnt give a yes to this horrible idea. My family will have to join bankrupted families without ACA
I really hoped that the issues with your recent health would have opened your eyes to what is right. It's really shameful. So disappointed.
You've received excellent health services....what about the millions of Americans that need the same care that you've received.
@SenJohnMcCain. Please remember when voting #ACA, most americans don't have your insurance plan.  Please let your conscience be your guide.
If you vote for this you go out betraying #Veterans
You will forever be remembered as a traitor to your county.  Good luck when Trump realizes you are again expendable.  #greatlegacy #shame
voting to take away insurance from the people while you will have the best money can buy is awful.
You at least have a fighting chance with your medical condition!  Give your citizens the same chance!
Wow raced back to screw Americans...you get to keep your coverage, but not most of us. Cowardly act today...

Any senator who votes yes on the motion to proceed today has lost the right to be taken seriously when complaining about process, for life
Dear McCain, My Mother Had The Same Brain Tumor You Have
please please don't let them collapse the ACA!! Please be the hero you are and protect our democracy. Please please
We deserve the same health care that you have.
McCain sold his soul for some applause from the GOP. The same set of assholes that attached him relentlessly for decades.
You are going to permit this debacle to move forward?
Wow you came to take away our medical coverage.im happy you have medical to help u.hurting us so rich get $
Senator McCain, please be our hero yet again - Vote NO on the healthcare motion to proceed. The American people need you NOW!
You failed us.
Please vote NO or at least delay and have public comment.
surely down deep in your heart you know Trumps bad and his corruption is bringing our country down in every way.
please be the hero we all know you to be...please do not vote for the disaster you will be asked to vote for...please.
Why would you vote for this cruel health care bill. No @SenJohnMcCain ! Just no.
We all want to know why. Im so disappointed.
Try not to play the role of a democrat. What was your role in the "dossier? Hoping to link POTUS to Russia maybe you are angry he won!!
Your ailment and standing allows you humanely deal with your issue. Why would you deny that for another faithful American? @CNN @SenSchumer
You should have done the right thing and just died.
Having a preexisting condition is so scary. Believe me
Please don't vote for a plan that takes away people's #healthcare . In context of your own situation, where would u b w/o govt healthcare?
After your vote today, stay home!
please vote NO #betheheroyouare
Someday, on John McCain's tombstone:
       Loving father
       War hero
       Tireless public servant
       An utter shit at the end
Trump was right about you.
Welcome back and I'm sure you understand the importance of healthcare. Always remember " I like people who don't get caught ". #themaverick
Party > Country right fake independent? Isn't it fun how every statement you make is a lie once we see your votes?
Now U Hav CancerPlease dont take away my Obamacare subsidy.U hav the Best care4 ur cancer Will I Have Any?It cud b a death sentence!PLEASE!!
 many will lose their insurance and many may die due to your AYE vote today. America not so beautiful anymore.
Please don't make the end of your journey in the Senate look like a follower. Be the man that stood up to Trump and didn't kill 23 million.
Since nobody knows what's in it, that should make it easy for you to vote NO!!! #bethemaverick #takeastand #dontkillAmericans

.@SenJohnMcCain:
Ripped healthcare from millions, including veterans 
Opposed GI Bill 
Wants to privatize our VA …
Saw this - have you no shame?
STAY HOME!  Just like you should have today!
of course you have a great health insurance, the rest of the people can go to hell as long as the wealthy are doing ok, sick!
What will your legacy be?
McCain voted yes.   I wish him the same as millions will face with his vote.
We need a better health care plan, but the one that has been put before you is not it. Lets build something better for ALL Americans..
This will be your legacy. Everything else will be forgotten. Vote to save healthcare, not kill others not as fortunate as you.
You sir are a coward and no hero in my book. Putting party over people, disgusting!
Vote No!
Laughter as you move toward cutting healthcare for millions who suffer from cancer. You will be judged.
All you people who voted for him... this is your fault!!!
I wish you well in your own healthcare battle. But why did you risk returning instead of letting this legislative stupidity die?
Evil hitler love
@GOP just voted for 32m to die so 400 get all the money. #TrumpcareKills
Sen. Collins showed real moral conviction and care for the American people - a true heroine. Guess if you're not a soldier, you wouldn't .
You have continued to show your lack of care for the average American citizen with your continued acts to take away the ACA from us. SHAME
How would u feel right now if u did not have a health care! Vote no! Save lives not pockets!
Vote NO repeal, NO replace, YES repair ACA! Women, children & those with pre-existing conditions are counting on you!
After your announcement & the outpouring of sympathy & support, if you vote to take away healthcare for 33M Americans, you will be despised!
own health issues and remind them and reassure them you will make your decision with the American people in mind first
Do the right thing.Don't take health care from millions in a similar situation as you are. You know for Trump this is nothing more than ego.
It is ironic u r diagnosed and now voting for healthcare. Do the right thing for people w brain tumors...who don't have federal insurance
Murderer.
How can you, in good conscience,vote to deprive my daughter of access to the kind of care that makes it possible for you to be in DC to vote
