Yes, He was always awesome!
Agree the cancer is clouding his judgement. He can no longer serve the people step down
Have you got a Photo ... hiding behind crap one more wind bag on twitter
It's more odd not to have one show who you are NO ONE !
This was an amazing interview. He's the only Republican I have any respect for but he is much more than a Republican. He's a true American.
He is much more than a Republican, he's a Democrat!
He's a man who, in the face of life's realities, chooses to put people first. He is a true American hero. We owe him much.
In fact, it made him more sensitive & reasonable
Read the Sydney Schanberg article, lady. See if you still think McCain deserves this big sloppy wet kiss goodbye.
We are praying for you 100% have walk on water faith for healing
But his insane need for revenge on Trump surely has. #Repeal #youranonitsir
I hope you know you have so many people praying for you We will never forget what you endured for us,and that you protected us at all cost
Bull. He is clearly a demented old fool.
You're right he hasn't changed he still an ass
@SenJohnMcCain thank you 
Lmao at this thread. Why do you think he lost in 2008??? Because true conservatives knew he was a dem & we didn't show up to vote for him.
says the #ImStillWithHer beta
True American hero #McCain #shouldhavebeenpresidenf

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Such a wonderful man
New love for this hero. I’m a changed man. Senator McCain....my heart goes out to you. I want you to see 100 and beyond. We need u.
I have huge respect....but he has turned his back on conservatives and he doesn't say why.
He should be given Obamacare. 7 yrs he talked repeal and replace. I have the same sympathy for McCain's health as he has for Americans. None
Something is better than nothing... would love to know what you think the GOP plan would better provide!!
We will continue to #Pray4McCain rapid and miraculous healing  Daily 
Amen
Recall him please Arizona. Or let him pay my ridiculous healthcare premium. So freaking expensive we go to MX to cuz deductible&cp too high.
His a bold & honorable man who stands for truth. Not to many in the White House is this worthy (for the people.) His a TRUE AMERICAN LEADER.
Well what is wrong with McCain to have him change about what he's been saying for years?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Once a traitor, always a traitor. Ask him y he's seeking the best doctors for himself, yet votes against care for everyone else

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Would have been court martial if Nixon hadn’t pardoned him for treason.
God ... he's still fighting a hero to all people Keep going
you are a great man Senator McCain - please stay in the fight
John McCain is acting in the best interest of his supporters. He isn't against Trump he will approve a "kind" healthcare bill.
Liar
No it has and he is bitter old man
Your right, he has always taken from the American people. Given very little back. Now he's sticking it to us. Knows he will not run again.
Blessings to you Senator McCain! You have taught much and still teach much re humility + service! Hang on! I still got a lot to learn!
So he's always been a traitor!?
What has changed #JohnMcCain, who has put his vengeance before his party, is his feeling scorned by Trump. Vengeance rules his world.
God bless you, dear Sir. True Patriot
My prayers for your wellness. And a peaceful Recovery.
this was a lovely interview..he is a true hero
@SenJohnMcCain - it shouldn't matter if I'm dem or rep. I am a dem and I want to thank you for everything you've done for everyone! #stay
no change from being a back stabbing RINO
REPEAL OBAMACARE ITS KILLING THE MIDDLE CLASS
He needs to go home. Spend his time w/his family@Save himself from dying hated by his party He needs to Retire! Praying healing in the Blood
Anyone can see and anyone who is close to someone who's gone through this process kinescope that is  simply not true.
I have not always agreed with Sen. McCain but it breaks my heart to see what he and his family are going through
he's been a pinko commie for years
Resign John. Cornville is calling.
PLEASE help everyone to have the same care you are getting! Americans need healthcare! #NoRepeal #SaveACA
I & friends suffered head trauma know Encephalitis causes cognitive function deficits. Ex. vs. Spoken word! Shouldn't make major decisions
Stay strong! We need you!
I would have voted for him until he brought on "does a pig wear lipstick" unqualified dingbat to his team. She list his chances going rogue
Total timed PR piece interview to combat your poor approval ratings over resistance of healthcare.! Shame on you John!
Sen. McCain I just wanted you to know Ametica has so much respect for you. Thank U 4 your service in our military and Senate, U R our HERO.
I feel it would be best to follow TR & FDR's lead, keep your unfortunate diagnosis out of the public eye. I lost respect for you.
Sir,TY for ur service War Hero;sad w  politicians.Many ppl diagnosed w cancer in & still waiting to been seen by Oncologist/treatment.
May he be at peace. He will finally be relieved of his angry, self righteous and revengeful old man syndrome.
He can actually GET RID OF HIS CANCER by using an alternative treatment that his doctors don't know about.  johnjluce@gmail.com for details.
He says it's a tough prognosis.  In fact, it's a DEATH sentence, unless he stops doing the wrong treatment and starts doing the right thing.
Disagree
of course not...he is not on obamacare..,he even said he has the best doctors....not on obamacare
Dear Senator McCain, I urge you to check out the work of Dr. Joe Dispenza! Please do! 
This disease kills many Vietnam vets every year yet it's still not on the presumptive list for Agent Orange! Wake up!
Dear Sen. McCain, Please don't forget: the promise was repeal & replace with something better.  Where's the better??
With his current medical condition which seems dire,he should not be casting votes on health care. He may not be in the best condition
Having gone through brain encephalitis,  you do suffer cognitive function deficits.  He should not be allowed to make major decisions now
This is dignity and honor.
Still the samepos traitor.
@jimdonovancbs3 let's get a real republican appointment
Where did he get his treatment? The VA ? Nope, not good enough for him.
He already was a prick
I once learned a great lesson from a dying woman: When we're at Death's door, we change instantly. No matter the politics.
McCain is a hack paid for by Soros
Brain cancer kills  is he lying?
No but he should leave the R party and embrace his D party leanings. Be honest. You're not a R anymore. Better yet, retire.
I have same brain tumor it has changed me some. Hope he can beat cancer. Odds say no  he should prepare his family. .
The big C didn't change McCain, The donald did. #nastierthancancer
re:  blessed and gateful  tell it to the  "courageous" guys who bend the knee
In your opinion John. That's why what you have is sad. It's not about energy.
You need to plug your eyebrows dude.
It would prob be in his best interest to claim it did and he hasn't always been a lying closet dem
Yeah he is the same retarded traitor that he has always been. A disgrace to the office of the Senate.
Please stay strong and vote NO on Graham Cassidy.  Everyone deserves treatment and coverage of pre existing conditions.
Why would he say anything different?
He is still chuck schumer's pet rino.
Everyone, please allow me to introduce to you our one true Dotard in the United States Senate, Mr John McCain 
Great interview.I admire McCain even more.Always a hero,  especially now. Classy and eloquent! Keep up the good work in DC.
BULLSHIT!!! AND MCCAIN IS FULL OF IT! TRAITOR
Good Riddance! Can't wait until he doesn't represent AZ anymore.
But he could in "good conscience" give the Viet Cong In the Vietnam war sensitive information regarding US troops. Was a traiter then is now
Right about not changing. Always been a petty little man. RETIRE Brutus
Traitor before diagnosis, and a  traitor after.  Cancer doesn't give one a free pass to be a  vicious person.  Signed, a cancer survivor.
I agree..it hasn't changed him
Typical McCain using capture and cancer for sympathy. I do not respect this man. He is a phony, liar, traitor.
It changed him from a conservative to a liberal.
@SenJohnMcCain yes it it. It made him finally go full blown democrat.
This is your legacy!
@SenJohnMcCain you're a great, brave man.
You mean like he hasn't  changed his commitment to repeal Obamacare?
I'm guessing that isn't Obamacare?
@SenJohnMcCain told his supporters they were wrong when they repeated fake news about Obama. That is integrity!!!
#RINO #SPINELESS #Democrat
Mccain is in denial. Ask any Doctor, of course it has changed him. He needs to resign. @FoxNews
@SenJohnMcCain is a Hero ! @realDonaldTrump is a Zero !
NO...he has not changed. He is still an entitled jealous mean pile of crap. This man is NO American.
Incredibly strong man of faith
Certainly hasn't made him any SMARTER!!!!!!
I disagree with you on many policies. But I want to thank you for your service to America. Good luck. You are a hero!
This was a softball interview because McCain is obstructing POTUS. Therefore he's the MSM's new best friend.
The Left called him Hitler too when he was running against Obama.  How times change.
So happy you've not changed; this Dem needs you in the Senate working both sides of the aisle. You give me hope.
Yep, still a globalist Swamp demon.
The Left side of his brain clearly has not deciphered how to turn down bribes yet.
There is no way that diagnosis doesn’t change you. I know that from personal experience.
We're grateful for your service Sir.
Such a serene & at peace man!
John McCain: the left's favorite Republican.
Bull, he has a little compassion.
A respected hero who is still making heroic choices!  
Thank you Senator McCain!
You really have lost your ability to think rationally, you must resign now for the good of America.
It has, we remember when you questioned an appointment  and all that came from you was goobly-gook.A lot of talk then about your mental cond
@SenJohnMcCain  Is a good man, a compassionate Person. I respect him very much, and thank him for his service
Blackmail has
Love him.....such a good man with a good family with good American values!
I really hate to contradict him, but I believe it has made him a BETTER man... if that's humanly possible.
Most Republicans would strongly disagree. He has abandoned his promises, & party. I wish him health, & healing, but am disappointed in him.
He was a songbird.President Nixon saved him from being tried for treason.He's an embarrassment to this country.What a joke! Go home and stay
SO MUCH TO ADMIRER IN JOHN MCCAIN!
Love that guy.
And he would know that how?? He's turned in to a treasonous democrat. Is he claiming he was always this way ?
You're so brave. Filled with gratitude. May we all follow your lead.
McCain is such an honourable gentleman.
That's Ufortunate. He's a raging warmongering corrupt psychopath
No, he's been a shiftless double - dealing (insert expletive)!
Songbird McCain was a traitor in Vietnam, he was a traitor when he went overseas to get fake RU Dossier and when he voted against repeal
That comes across as though you think he's lying.  FYI
@SenJohnMcCain I respectfully disagree Senator. I think it’s made you even better than you were before. #Bewell
I agree ..hes been a RINO for as long as I can remember.
Still the same traitor he was before.
@SenJohnMcCain Go back to the video tape when he was a Prez candidate, or when he was in public hearing & blamed late D-backs gme
@SenJohnMcCain Your a Liar and a Scum bag and whats wrong with America today ! Old Fool ! We know what you did!
Yet. It's going to do more than change him.
McCain insists his diagnosis hasn’t changed him. #60Minutes 
A true MAN!
He should have been president. Obama would just be a footnote and the country would still be united.
And so, knowing his prognosis -- Donald Trump's solution for John McCain is to persecute him on Twitter this week. Just for sport #60Minutes
#Denial
His master satan gives him strength, he currently working on a coup with his fellow satan soldier soros,the coup is America...like Ukraine
His view is lk many ppl hv w/ life-altering diagnosis. He appreciates what he has had & has accomplished. May we all reflect that ea day.
I think it has changed him
Violated the Code of Conduct.  He should be in prison.
Traitor.
I loved the interview.
Looking forward to watching this brave hero.
How much money did u receive for this interview? Don't you have things to do for the American people?
