4 years later, a new memorial to 19 firefighters killed in the Yarnell Hill fire.

@Miguelnbc takes us there tonight on @NBCNightlyNews. 
We say this again @SenJohnMcCain is a coward and a traitor to our country. He is complicit and defends the interest of Vladimir Putin.
I mean it's been difficult over the many years all you seem to want to do is go to war with different countries & now
Those men were true heroes. 
John mccain is one of the stupidest men on earth.  Lol
Good job humiliating yourself 
Nixon was impeached for the words "uh-huh". Clinton was impeached for a BJ. Then we have Trump, mandatory loyalty & more. Your move John.
Sad to see that you would sell your country out to russia
John trump is president in 2018 you commies can vote him out we are losing this country and you don't give a damn hope your happy
And when I mean you all I mean all the politicians should have to let us know what medications they're on
Nobody knows what the hell you're talking about I blame the medication I think you all should have to let us know what u all r on
I think you're too old to realize you're doing more harm to the country and yourself then anything else it's time to step down
why the breatcancer awareness logo on a firefighter memorial? Seems oddly out of place
not the place or time for lies, shame on  you..know where it is you post crap
The wise will inherit honor, but stubborn fools disgrace.
Remember the #USSLIBERTY that was attacked by Israel?
Resign. You have zero interest in Trump Russia crimes. U just want tax eliminated for the rich.
McCain "disturbed by Trump asking Comey for loyalty". McCain "disturbed" in general and no RINO understands loyalty. Establishment piglets.
About time these are heroes
Coats and Rogers made a mockery of senate oversight committee, r u relevant or not?
Retire
Were their families ever taken care of?
They falsified pension status and cost the taxpayers a lot of money and hurt Prescott
Who firefighters? They were dead. Did you read the story. Or, can you read?
You and GOP's full attention should be on Trump/Russia and the likelihood that a criminal family is in the White House. Please act!
And you are wrong again Maggie. But you still want to murder Trump w out reason, Other then your emotions. Nice
Heroes all.

& don't think that we forgot about TrumpCare(bad).  Health care is important to us & we're not misdirected by this Russia thing
You just keep going lower & lower. Karma's gonna get ya. Watch & wonder.
Let's DUMP TRUMP
Yep ,they are Real heroes !
Not like you .
Thank You for sharing always,Sen.John  McCain of ARIZONA
Lovely story and a Great way to Honor the Fallen. God Bless the souls and the families
D-Day.Thx4Save. Quote granpa/prussianofficer:Son,WewouldvebeenNext(KZ4Gen.staff) Took BozenHQ´45. SS wt kill-orders got stuck in snow.Bless
Lq#p
Senator McCain..I really admire you & I fear POTUS is destroying the integrity of the GOP & will effect the election in 2018.this must stop!
real heroes would be turning in their graves watching McCain destroy the country. RIP God Bless the families
possibly a ounce.. The rest is made up of RINO bull shit
My heart with those brave souls and families from my former home in Prescott AZ
