You're the last hope for @GOP @SenJohnMcCain and maybe for our country. I support your call for #IndependentInvestigation of #russiagate
we need a nonpartisan investigation outside of Congress. Devin Nunes broke the law and should step down from HPSCI
Actions speak louder than tweets, Senator. #SpecialProsecutor
Dear Senator. I would like to meet with you to discuss how peace can come to
 Afghanistan. Pls see my site www.ncdta
Independent investigation=2 yr. process hampering progress 4 Americans & typically gains nothing, but waste $$.
throw Nunes out.  Send help to Magnitsky!
Disturbed? Putin has murdered at least 11 people in last 6 months!  This guy was supposed to be #12.
Are you concerned, senator, Americans involved in #TrumpRussia are going to be getting "hurt." Do what you can to speed up investigation!
Yes, please speed up the investigation to save lives. Put all the bad Trumpbres away!
He needs to come clean to Americans about what has been happening to their country for 30 years.
We look to you re: Trump  (AKA Bannon) and co. (AKA Putin). Please: independent council.  Thanks for your continued service!
U have helped us so much in your life, we can't thank u enuff. please help us just one more time? please
So disturbed that u sit on your hands & DO NOTHING.When r u going to speak out & say "ENOUGH"? Silence=the deed. #russiagate
I'm disturbed that you're still a US senator
Keep the pressure up, @SenJohnMcCain! You are ONLY one putting country over party. Our democracy is on the line @Billbrowder
Senator McCain's bipartisan efforts in pushing for an independent investigation should be commended
Wld you inspire 45 say the same and stop admiring Putin so there might well be less assassination of Russian whistleblower?
nobody wants to hear your shit
Sure seems like a lot of operatives and officials close to Putin end up dead. Aren't we now up to 9?
could you ask your fellow republicans 1 question. If our situations were reversed how would they want me to vote? Thank you
pay attention to the local #russiagate playing out on our natl stage!
I wanted U as POTUS, but U R quickly becommung a grumpy old man. Time 2 support Prez or shut up in front of  cameras.
How about being disturbed by the rape of a14y/o girl in a school bathroom by 2 llegals! Where's ur outrage on that? Crickets!
there are quite a few disturbing coincidences concerning Russia and the foothold they seemed to have gained in our country
thank you for being a steadfast American hero. When history records the GOP turned traitors and destroyers, we will remember!
@atadayon   I've said it before, Putin leaves no loose ends, no messes. If you're complicit, you're at risk, AND expendable.
@SenFeinstein Good for you Senator I hope my senators vote for this bill
I am disturbed by the connections between our president and Russia. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Remember that you work for the people of Arizona and you need to step up and make a real stand. Stop being passive in this
Thank you for this statement. Please keep fighting!  The American people are counting on you.
Please Stop Supreme Court hearings until Trump is investigated by an independent committee .#treason
it's all very disturbing
injured is one way to put it. Thrown off building is a better way. #PutinGovernment #Moscow #murderer
My god! Please help us John! I'm not a Republican but, I do believe in U and your luv 4 this country! Stop this!
This is probably your last term, Senator. Are you going to help save the country, or are you going to stand by while this 1/
gang of avaricious treasonous kleptocrats sell it to Putin?
You rock! I don't agree with all your positions, but YOU ROCK!
omgosh, you mentioned Russia!  You must love Putin! please retire because we know you are not a republican. disgrace
So sad! So many people losing their jobs and/or dying. 
ya think?! One more dot connected in the #TrumpRussiaCollusion
very convenient!!
well Comrade, in Trump's Soviet America we can expect that in our homeland. Is that what you served/sacrificed to accomplish?
Is this what is meant by "I'm gonna come after you"?
What about Nunes -- very disturbing manifestation of conflict of interest in context of Russian connections! WTF?
When did "Separation of Powers" expire?
It is past time for an independent investigation if our government is to retain any credibility, for either party!#fascism?
U know 45's Guilty of #TrumpRussia Treason much deeper than Election.
U know Manafort helped 45 connect to Ru$$ia Illegally
All the more reason for a speedy Impeachment trial!
And it'll start happening here unless something is done very soon.
please consider you, @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenatorCollins, becoming #independents and  caucusing with #democrats to effect.
Thank you for calling for an independent investigation into Trump-Russia connections. Keep fighting to get us the truth!
Democratic Party needs to declare a National Emergency. American people have a right to know if their President is a crook.
.@SenJohnMcCain  Mighty suspicious.
They are thugs
so what f up
onwards Senator. America needs your courage again sir.
Yep...He accidentally fell four floors..Day before testifying against corruption, etc.  How convenient for Putin.
tillersons medal of friendship .. vomit
I hope you are troubled!  This is not the America we deserve!
Country before Party!  Please insist on independent investigation.
stop this madness!  Good sir, you know we need the truth about #Russiagate.  I feel like I am watching the fall of Rome
@paladine it's horrible.
I'm actually shocked that your shocked!
why,what wad he putting in your pocket,like your old friend Rothstein.
Past due for independent investigation
reports stated he fell out of a window with a jacuzzi
@Juliana4984 McCain has no credibility he supported Trump when he knew better. #resist
Senator pls ask for an independent investigation Nunes doesn't understand what a threat Russia poses to our democracy
hmmmmmm. More important INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
Thanks for calling for special committee #Trumprussia 
#integrity
Are you disturbed by reports that the current admin collaborated with the Russians? Stop the SCOTUS hearing until cleared.
disturbed that Russian ties are unfolding in so many of Trumps team. DO SOMETHING
The media knows it's all politics . The politicians know it's all politics and Putin knows it's all politics. The American ppl believe this?
Quite the accident.
If you keep putting party before our country, we're doomed as long as he's in office!
also would like to thank Ben Cardin for speaking out about this.
thank you for speaking out about this.
only a matter of time before it starts happening here #trumptyranny #Trumprussia #traitor
are you disturbed by the actions of Nunes?
what is Nunes doing? Regardless of party, this man is just as unfit as@jasoninthehouse & trump. Will no 1 stand for the U.S.?
Yes we are disturbed too! Is this 10 dead since Trump! Get Putin out of our country! Impeach Trump!
Every right to be disturbed. Start with talking to Nunes.
You should be more concerned with the murders in the US by your cops of innocent people.
YOUR HOUSE IS ON FIRE!

The sell-out to outside interests is deep seated and many layers deep.
Russia
taxes
nunes
flynn
etc
we are in danger from this admin, senator. DO SOMETHING! And nunes is compromising the investigation
should have just left it at "disturbed".
YOU ARE A FANTASTIC PERSON ND A HERO.  NUNEZ SHOULD BE EMOVED FROM INTEL COMM & INDEPENDENT COMM WITH SUBPOENA POWER PLEASE
must be a Clinton type thing. Not uncommon for Clintons.
there they usual shoot traitor s
disturbed big deal get some balls and stand up for all Americans..or all your pain and suffering over years go to naught
Senator you are the holder if integrity and truth for our country!
just wait. Retaliation of this kind is coming to a country (very) near you, if you and colleagues don't do something about it
You like whistleblowers?  What do you think of American whistleblower @Snowden ?
disturbed, but are you surprised? When will you call for a special, independent prosecutor?
Thank you. I also find this very troubling. Hope you can get the truth
I fully agree with your assessment of the dictator Putin. Prayers for the gentleman & all who under his thumb.
Come on @SenJohnMcCain after no less than 11 persons connected to the Trump/Russia scandal have been murdered you MUST be kidding. Or blind.
@monaleevora Senator McCain, as a liberal dem, I want you to know I respect you for being an American First. 
@Rosie Can you stop w/ soundbites your "concerned" and "disturbed" over this WH and do something! You are a hero. BE ONE NOW.
DO SOMETHING!!
any comment RE:Trump being surveiled? Of course not. That would make Trump possibly look good and we cannot have that right?
we are all disturbed by Russian actions but more disturbed by officials who do nothing about it. COLLUSION
Investigate Trump's ties to Russia.  Anything less is just talk.
can't you help someone get that family out of Russia or they will all be dead.  Trump & team must go before gov't destroyed
well I'm disturbed by you accepting money from suros
disturbed enough to do something?
Omg  love to see you squirming for realizing that Trump was right
Now is the time for all Americans and all members of the Senate and House of Representatives to put country before party.
Enough to DO something? Or just enough to tweet for points?
Please investigate Devin Nunes.  What he did today, informing Trump, has to be unethical and illegal.  Some investigation!!
Please be disturbed enough to stand up and do the right thing!!! Party lines dont "Trump" the right thing
@DevinNunes history will betray u badly. U will be as guilty as him if u obstruct investigation. U will be known as traitor
Please push for an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia ties. It's obv that Nunes is willing to assist in a coverup.
are you disturbed enough to demand an independent council with subpoena power to look at Russian election interference.
Don't give up on this, please, Senator. We are counting on you!
it's very disturbing. Putin kills everyone with impunity.
Proves Russian government & Putin should not be trusted - they clearly attacked the US to destroy our democracy and influence
hey John-boy. ...and you have proof?? What's your infatuation (connection) w/Russia these days? Is it the #EvilEmpire #Moscow
you have some ethics. Xplain to Nunes how he should act. He certainly doesn't know. #NunesNoEthics.
Are you yet disturbed that we have a Russian agent in the White House?
The Russian "culling" continues. That must raise eyebrows re: Russia - Trump connections/collusion. Need an Ind. Commission
more of Putin's hatchery work...very scary report.
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
@JediSpiceGissia How many Russians have 2 conveniently die b4 u realize there's a coverup n progress sir? Our country matters
Sir you should start to pushing out that Russian agent from White House first, even its nice you care about Gorokhov as well.
Acknowledged,Sen. John McCain
Your Service  doesn't end with a statement. Act in the best interest of the country you seem to love. Do something.
increasingly disturbed by all things 45
you r the one that's disturbed
Same week US congress / FBI give POTUS cover for Russian ties. Sad state of affairs we are in.
how disturbed are you? Enough to actually do something about it? Take a stand sir. Country before party.
Im confused. What is McCain supposed to do in Russia? This is Putins tactic but its a sovereign nation.
Worry about the UK and USA . Let Russia handle their internal issues. Please RETIRE
Be disturbed by the betrayal to the American people. If you are not apart of the betrayal, please do something.
so they're gonna try to kill them all. Wow!
u need to rein in devin
you should be- and also by Nunes behavior today. should be arrested
the American people are now disturbed by A LOT of things sir.
Nunes Nunes  needs to be kicked off intel committee Independent Commission on #trumprussia I think what he did is illegal @SenJohnMcCain
CANNOT let it happen here. Trump must go.
As trump what happened,  he will surely know, John.
where there's smoke there's fire
disturbed? Ha! Doubtful
