#retire
Which you help break for years by siding with the Democrats
I want to share something ...
Can we fix the system of when they come back from bullshit wars... asking for a friend
Thank you for your service, Sen. McCain. Continued prayers for you and your family.
your retirement would be another necessary step in fixing a broken system.
That’s a good name for you that you got there on twitter. Self reflection is always healthy.
flesh rocket = carcass, human body... etc. Healthy enough for you?
What? I thought we needed 10x the number of nukes. Just ask @realDonaldTrump 

I think he has a plan to use what we have on hand. Stock up!
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
7400 aircraft and still not nearly enough to fight the fires? Pray for California!
How would you know
@SenJohnMcCain It is for a noble cause.
But they have to be either in good faith.
Our greatest threat is Trump and Russia.  We are in a Cyber War with Russia.  Trump says NOTHING! 
Protect our Democracy!  Defend our PRESS!
Getting rid of slack jaw rinos like you would be the bold step we need to fix a broken system.
1. Are you saying the army is broken? 
2. This sounds expensive.
3. #25thAmendmentNow 
4. #Impeach45 
5. Renew #CHIP
6. #HandsOffMyBC
How long system broken? How long you in Senate? Perhaps u r part of the problem?
Sen. McCain is an instrumental force in securing the defense of this nation from the greatest threat we’ve ever faced. American HERO 2017 
Do us all a favor and retire NOW!
The POTUS does not want to protect our FREE PRESS!  Please research Narcissistic behavior.  Trump is a TEXTBOOK example.Dangerous.
#25th
Trump has got to go! And I know you know.  Do something.  Please.  He is getting down right scary. Y'all have NOTHING to lose. Use the 25th!

Wish you would have taken bold steps to fix ObamaCare - how much did they pay you to vote no?
If Kim jun un decides to do the worst we would even be prepared for the fires.
Sir, as a veteran who gave more than most, and still served today, let your lasting legacy be to reign in the generals who enable war profiteers, pull the strings while not being elected officials, and threaten the sovereignty of the USA. Thank you.
Retirement
Unlike your inaction with Obamacare - putting self before necessary bold steps necessary to fix a broken healthcare entitlement

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 
You can thank President Trump.
I hope you guys never forget how you have that tromp especially when we’re all going down with him
You tell tell them HERO!!!!
Thanks to DJT!
Geez, too bad that it wasn't your idea after 30+ years. Says something about your entire life. RETIRE Brutus
Yep spend more money on something we have 10× more than anyother country. How many missles does it take.
No.more money on military!
How about the broken system that lets all departments except disabled and ch61 retirees draw both retirement and disability. #vets
And resign the Children's Health Care....Please stop messing around with the American people like this. 
We think something needs to be done to put out the fires in CALIFORNIA and to help the people in Puerto Rico in a HURRY.

Remember when dem senators attacked Obama?
Me either.
Bob Corker-John McCain have betrayed their voters & disgrace America.
…
@votevets  @commondefense   @ConcernedVets 

#TakeAKnee OR #TakeTheKnee or #TakeAKneeNFL 

I kneel when I want, ya'll fought for my right to
I love ya, @SenJohnMcCain (sir), but I would say we're functioning, capable, and dangerous. We are not broken.
Go away
Good to know. When are you going to quite the Senate. #RetireSenJohnMcCain
How about increasing funding for counter intelligence to protect us from Russian hacking and propaganda
Doing an audit of military spending is another example of the bold steps necessary to fix a broken system. Why isn't this being done?

Yes bring back the draft and let these fools have to serve and now then you could fix it
Aren't you on some sort of committee that has something to do with what the services have on hand?
If u were a senator in another state u would be fired.by now
Please retire John
That you for your service John. You can retire now with Corker.
Speaking of fixing, have you retired yet?
Hello Senator! Thank you for getting our service members the right funding, equipment, and training. They’re the best of us. A mitzvah!
Wow.YouHaveFans. ImAmazed. I spose not everyone knows your a BackstabbingTraitor MrMcCain sir who sells his country out BC of hurt feelings.
First STEP to fix a broken System is for you to retire!!!
No!
Try fixing DIPLOMACY! we need more FRIENDS not DEAD BODIES SENATOR
Please retire immediately Senator.
You need to retire. You are too ill and too old. You need reflection in these last days. America needs&deserves the sharpest and brightest.
Hell Rino you helped Obama break the system
Your " system" is broken and you need to be removed.
I was part of the FCS and BCTM  programs working for Boeing.  I have offered  SECARMY my assistance  and he said no. Must streamline JCIDS.
Hope the mistakes  we made in FCS are not repeated.
I'm sure your happy McCain since the Military Industrial Complex lines your pockets for selling arms around the world. How ISIS doing BTW?

Not even a thanks to President Trump. Disgusting , Please Resign
How about fixing our illegitimate/unfit/traitor potus problem?
You're asking the right back stabbing traitor, but I guess you know that.
Trumps a draft dodger don't let him insult our brave pows
Trump is an insult to all vets.
Hypocrite cherrypicking... Don't do any REAL WORK
You broke the system. Why don't you go home go to bed and don't come back.
Thank you senator,  can we spend the equal amount of $$$ and energy on fixing the broken education and healthcare system?
why does the government have to fix education and healthcare?
Yes, Support our soldiers, pilots & sailors, but don’t forget HC, infrastructure, taxes and the idiot making US look like a war-monger! SAD
We could really use your help fixing the daycare problem in the Whitehouse.
You've been a part of the broken system for far to long.  Part of the problem, not the solution
'Bold' keyword 
Also what Jesus would want. A sting military capable of killing our enemies and their families very quickly. You're doing god's work.
And a strong military.
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain 
Contrary to your post it was the Vikings that were here before Columbus. Time to brush ip@on your history!
I would but I don't eat crabs
