#killthebots
Bot or cult member- you pick!
As mid August Agent Orange had lied just over 1,000xs . On average Dotard tRump lies to us 2.5xs every single day
Thank you for doing Trump's job.
What world are you living in
McCain is focused on a current crisis while trump is attacking athletes exercising their freedom of speech.
He's focused on destroying his own state and supposedly party SAD
I’m glad he reaches across the isle. I’m glad he puts people before party. I’m sad trump is making fun of him.
He's not trying to reach across to Dems We all know that's not happening anytime soon He's a Trump hater and hurting his own state the most
I believe Trump is the McCain hater. And yes he is reaching across the isles.
Here's ways YOU can help: SEND THE NAVY TO HELP #PuertoRico!
The uss kearsarge and other ships are there geez pay attention
I am paying attention. Today they sent the USNS Comfort.
https://news.usni.org/2017/09/25/navy-marine-corps-providing-around-clock-hurricane-maria-relief …  The whole 26th Meu has been there since before storm
Good
Term limits!
Great you're praying @SenJohnMcCain. It's least you can do. LITERALLY the least. Prayer is doing nothing & pretend you're helping somehow.
How much are you personally sending?As a public servant you have become very very wealthy? Can you see a mansion?You know for WE the people?
Thank you for having a conscience that the buffoon-in-chief lacks.
C cain in my eyes u will always be my hero
Mc cain wieh other republicans had a guts u do
John, you said repeal and replace, that was a lie. You have no solutions just talk, why would we trust you with donations ?
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain  ! Saving Lives! EB 
PR is maybe a year away from just having a home.
We need action along with prayers Senator. Please get the congress moving and actually sending aid.
Hoping that you will defeat cancer. Thank you for your service and dedication #Respect
The president needs to take lessons from you.
How about you pray for your own party first. You broke yet another campaign promise on repeal. You're a joke.
Not hearing much about USVI. Are we helping those citizens enough? Logistics so difficult for all the islands. Thanks for your help.
Praying 4 All USVI Islands, Puerto Rico & All Islands that were in H Maria’s path! People desperately need help, Food, Water, HealthCare!
Don't pray. DO SOMETHING! 9 days til usns comfort arrives? Tell northern command to engage fully and act now! Hell, send in the Marines!
Hey John, go there and help then.
lord hear our prayers
Loaves and Fishes. I'm praying that America acts friggin today. People will die while we pray. Act. Send the Navy.
Yes, I just said that I hope he pushes for an aircraft carrier & hospital ship be sent at the very least.
They are American citizens -- why hasn't the president done anything???
Because #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist full of HATE! It's disgusting! By now the USNS Comfort Hospital Ship should be on it's way to Puerto Rico
He is sending over $1 BILLION fucking dollars to you anti-white racists. Perhaps he should read messages like yours and think again!
Thank you for your concern for Puerto Rico and for stable bipartisan affordable health care for all Americans. We count on you! Blessings
Ur prayers are falling on deaf ears. Ur a turncoat living off Vietnam bam experience. Done nothing since
Amen
Thank you for your service. May God bless and heal you.
What I can do, tangibly to help for that?
Yet you hate @POTUS #Trump so much you'll screw #Americans at every turn. You should thank God you don't have #Obamacare #ACA
Thank you. You are a true American hero. I appreciate your championing the cause of my people. Please continue to support.#PuertoRicoStrong
Thank you for your leadership!
Often disagree with you, hate the GOP, but once again you have my Respect, Senator, for providing Moral Compass to US all. Thank you.
Thank you Senator & we Puerto Ricans whether in  the island or living in the U.S. are praying for your recovery. #PuertoRicoSeLevanta
Thank you for finally bringing up how bad it is in Puerto Rico, and that they need our help!!!
Some help has arrived , more is needed in vast amounts. People will need evacuations quickly by any means with medics on standby.
In 1967 when I was born you were fighting again the enemy of democracy today 50 years later you still fighting for justice and your comrades
what are YOU doing to help?
With all due respect they need the manpower, Navy etc. prayers won't provide water, medicines, food, shelter which are basic human needs.
Puerto Rico is Trump's Katrina
Send the folks in #PuertoRico FREE #Obamacare. You were against it before Trump RIGHTLY pointed out that you weren't a WAR HERO. #LIARMcCain
What should we pray for?  That the mainland doesnt abandon them?
Thank you Sen McCain.
Thank you Senator for caring about PR. More attention needs to be brought. Trump and News only Standing and Kneeling. Where are the adults
More about how are you helping.  We should have leaders that are examples.  What amount did you donate from your pile??
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain still haven't heard from my family. #PrayForPuertoRico
Thank you Sir - we are praying and sending well wishes to you.
Mr McCain thank you for existing, for being such a powerful, true light of intelligence, heart + compassion in this sombre world. Goodluck
Thank you
So why are we not sending aid and military support??  Oh yeah the dope in the Oval Office got his feelings hurt real bad.
Why don’t you go down there and give them your health care?
You're more Presidential than our current. #Dems4McCain
John McCain will forever be 100 X more a man then @realDonaldTrump will ever try to be!  Thanks for your service!
If only Trump-O was as good as a piece of dirt on McCain's shoe he would be worth something.
More government help please!
What are you doing to help
Sen McCain!  Please get that fool off the toilet & get him to help these people. This is inhuman.
Thank you for everything. Praying for you and Cindy. Stay tough stay strong #lifewelllived #gratitude
Thank you very much for your support. God bless you
Let's not forget about #St. Croix, another U.S. territory that needs a lot of help.
@realDonaldTrump Mayday, mayday, mayday.  #PuertoRico and #stcroix are in desperate need of food, water and medicine.  Please send help.
Keep your prayers health care repeal traitor.
No more praying, action mister senator!
YOU CAN HELP BY REPEALING OBAMACARE LIKE TOU PROMISED
Something you can do, Senator Is make sure we send manpower and plain old help to these people. ASAP
I’m the time you have left (and I hope that’s many more years), call out this disaster in the White House.  Lead where others cannot.
@SenJohnMcCain sir, finally talked to people in PR today. This is a true humanitarian crisis. Please intercede for us.
The WH can help it is the duty of the government to send RELIEF!
You don't care about nobody but yourself you have so much blood on your hands you are what we call a sorry SOB
Please ask POTUS to help.
If McCain does not matter to you please consider donating here to help my part in helping#PuertoRico
https://www.youcaring.com/familyinguayanilla-960933 …
Thank you for your Leadership, Senator.
Americans in Puerto Rico are waiting for federal help- please do something yourself
And continue to pray for everyone suffering in our great country. Sending prayers for you and your family also. You sir are a hero!
Senator, could u please find out why USNS Comfort is it docked in Virginia?  Puerto Rico needs medical help now! 

#PuertoRico

Stop praying and do something!  You're a US Senator.  I'm sure you can do more than pray
And we continue to pray for you too; thanks for your leadership
send the navy
Why is not the USN there with ships, seebees, HS Comfort and helping them evacuate?
That's phony. You're rich, you can donate to help. NOT just lie. People smarter than you think. Out John McCain.
@SenJohnMcCain  Thank you!
Thank you for your past, present and future service Senator, and focusing on this important crisis.  Your leadership is most appreciated.
Thanks for speaking on it. Your president is a joke and should be removed and place in a padded room.
God bless u @SenJohnMcCain! Thank u for bringing attn to crisis in Puerto Rico & not getting distracted by Pavlov's bell!
PRAY?!! Uh uh.. Send in FEMA AND SUPPLIES ASAP! What the hell are you waiting for?! WHITE PEOPLE (w/tans)are the majority of the population
You should pray for the Americans you just screwed who have $3K healthcare deductibles thanks to YOU and your cowardice. Pathetic.
With all due respect, sir, they need more than prayers. WTF is #45 doing, these are U.S. citizens in dire need!
Thank you - but praying isn't enough. You need to drop everything & focus on saving lives in Puerto Rico.

and we continue to pray for you Senator McCain
Thank you for recognizing PR; unlike @realDonaldTrump
What size check did you write to help them out?
Senator, why don't we STOP EVERYTHING ELSE & help PR?? Imagine if it was any of us without food, power and water for so long. Let's help!
Next best thing I can think of is to give to the charities that have ships ready to go or already on the way.
Thank you! What charity? I gave money to Red Cross, but I want to do more. They need things NOW! What ships are going there? I'm in SO. FL.
This article may help to direct you
You're awesome! Thanks so much!
Thank you, Senator.  Recovery is what's important presently.  Not battles with the NFL.  Get well, sir.
Thank you for this. And thank you for your stance on GH
I"m sorry , i would , call trump , he's playimg President , plus that clown got more money .
We’d really appreciate if you’d encourage your colleagues to act legislatively. Send federal assistance.
Federal aid is not proportionate to the disaster here. Please help, speak out!
Why not use the billions for weapons to kill Syrian and Iraq civilians to help instead of kill destroy Christians muslims brothers of Suria
It would be nice to hear from the president about Puerto Rico ....instead of basketball and football players
Thank you for speaking up for Puerto Rico. Take care of yourself and kick cancers ass.
I am praying for you and family
I've already sent my donation. What is Trump doing to help? PR is in desperate need of governmental help. These are Americans.
You are a great person and be remembered for standing up for your principles 
John just tell the piece of shit in the Whitehouse that he needs to Immediately send all available resources to  Puerto Rico .
Thanks John now vote YES save our country @VEMVintage
Can't you get your buddies off their asses and get aid there NOW?!? 2-3 WEEKS is unforgivable!!! People will die on YOUR WATCH!!!
Thank you, and many grateful Americans continue to pray for you through this battle with cancer you are bravely fighting.
Thank you, @POTUS is too busy arguing with football players.
Senator, get your colleagues to send aid. Immediately.
Senator, thank you for remembering our fellow Americans in PR! Thank you for your courage to vote no on repeal of ACA. We are proud of you!
Is @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan and Govt. Agencies doing all they can @fema for help PuertoRico and Virgin Islands>
Thank you
Why isnt the help arriving to Puerto Rico!? They need help now!
Thank you.  Just donated.  But what are my tax dollars doing to help the situation?  Seems like leadership is ignoring this crisis.
The fake president, whom you support, has not even acknowledged #PuertoRico devastation.  You proud?
Maybe you could send them some of your billions prayers are good but that is asking someone else to do something instead of you!!
We need help now! Cut the red tape install the new communication towers so we can call our families! It's a horror on that island a horror
Thank you!
OUR WORLD NEEDS ALL THE PRAYER WE CAN GET. KEEP  PRAYING. I AM PRAYING FOR YOUR HEALTH, JOHN. REMEMBER !!
 GOD IS STILL IN HEALING BUSINESS.
Pls senator... do more than pray   PR needs more than prayers!!
Prayers are fine, but how about sending something useful, helpful and real?
Hey John they need health care! That OBC you want to stay in place is a health card with no services. Put your money where ur mouth is
Thank you for acknowledging PR. The pres surely isn't. #bitemetrump
There hasn't been bipartisan in years Americans even more divided in case you haven't noticed
I just donated to PR using the Unidos Por Puerto Rico website and paid with  PayPal. It was easy to do and I hope it helps.
Forget your prayers which help nothing to us who can't afford our health care anymore Please remember your promise that voted for you again
Don't listen to this bitter and jealous traitor whose only opposition to improving healthcare for millions is due to spite for our president
Please see post pinned to my page! Bodies rotting on floor. Needs attention, coverage & action NOW! Please share  #PRMatters #PuertoRico
Thank you, many are already donating, when will the goverment get there. Where is FEMA.
Thank you, Sen. McCain. When POTUS won't remember us, you don't forget.  #JohnMcCain
Thank you
Thank you Sir !
Why Pray?  There is no God.
Thank you, Senator!
Why isn't our government sending planeloads of supplies, doctors, nurses, engineers, relief workers? Why isn't this a priority for Trump?
We continue to pray for you
Tell Cindy to send a few thousand water bottles and food instead of interviewing on MorningJoe
Can U please get Trump to focus on doing his job & help these people rather than engaging in behavior that continues to split our country?
Hypocrit. You vote against americans all the time.
There should be a full Federal response to Puerto Rico, People in remote areas need water, insulin, medical supplies
Please send the USNS Comfort there, hospitals are at capacity ,send the Coast Guard there to rescue people in remote areas, need water, food
Trump has spent 2 days on twitter ranting about the NFL and said NOTHING about helping Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico needs FEDERAL intervention
Well done, @SenJohnMcCain
We need federal help pronto!
Having multimillion dollar pharmaceutical companies located there has clearly not done much for their economy. Wonder why?
Powerful and wealthy corporations are so caring and giving (note scathing sarcasm), why haven't the pharm. companies stepped up for PR?
Thank you for keeping them in the news unlike orange clown. We need to help them.
John you can't be trusted. You couldn't by your first wife. And you can't be trusted by Republicans. Just leave and do us a favor.
Please tell Trump to put more attention on this than his twitter tirades.
Please send the USNS Comfort to PR and VI.
Check the Bible, God won't hear your prayers unless your heart is in tune with His word.  John 9:31
We need sat phones on the ground. Folks need to be evacuated OUT.  Conditions are not livable. It's 93 today. No power.
People of PR need food water medical immediately. Use your influence to get Navy hospital ship there.
Senator McCain a true patriot & genuine human being Thank You for your service!
GEE JOHN  You don't HESITATE to CALL out @POTUS or keep ACA in peril but ACTUALLY DO SOMETHING for Puerto Rico? NADA
"Continuing to pray" is doing almost the bare minimum a person could do to help.
gop SENATOR realizes KNEELING NFL players ain't an issue worthy of STOPPING HEALTHCARE for Puerto Rico which is SURPRISE Dotard part of USA
Does Trump know it's a US territory?
Thank you.  We don't alway agree politically, but you are a true leader and have a heart... something @POTUS lacks!  #ImpeachTrump
Best wishes to you.
Prayer is helpful but I hope you also ensure the federal government sends immediate, massive help
We are praying for you Sir.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @TheDemocrats over 3M Americans live in Puerto Rico & they r in dire need of help NOW.
@Morning_Joe @nytimes our government needs to help. These are citizens of America
Please tell POTUS 2 stop tweeting about NFL & start helping Puerto Rico! Thank you 4 your service Senator McCain and prayers for your health
And what is our government doing to help?
I wish you a SPEEDY retirement SENATOR ... Get WELL soon as a Civilian ..
Just do whats right, pray for repeal and replace
Theres a few ways you can help mccain stop being Butt hurt first and help the people of az. I live here were not rich have little choices
Thank you senator. They need help please don't forget about Puerto Rico #PuertoRicoRelief
How exactly are your prayers working for Puerto Rico? Why ask MAN to help when you obviously think your god should if you pray to him?
Pray for America since you'll be alive long enough to enact your Trump hating revenge on us.
They need more them ur prayers. They need help! Do something!
The die-hard, life-long liberal thanks you.  You are a true patriot and hero.
Patriot for WHAT? His NeoCon Wet DREAM Gun Running to SYRIA while he HIDES his POW Records?
@SenJohnMcCain What is Washington doing to help Puerto Rico?
FACT... If GOP doesn't rebuild Puerto Rico quickly, many of these American citizens will move to states, vote, and make states Blue
Honestly John do you believe God is listening to you? With that much hatred impossible to hear you
Can you shame trump into doing something to help? Disgraceful. How about VI?
I wish DT would comment more about our southern partner.
Thank you senator please :Puerto Rico needs help now.. set up donation centers in all military bases to fly in support.#HurricaneMaria
How about you help the American people and pass health care that you campaigned on???  Not my Hero!!!
