But who made Putin 2 erect the formerUSSR again? It is Obama and his foriegn policy that did a great damage 2 US integrity and power.
Putin is/was always acting to protect his own interests irrespective to whom sits in the White House.
But Obama still the one who opened the door 4 Putin regradless of any interests as everyone will b looking 4 his/her interests .
Obama afforded Russia the opportunity to be a good partner in the global community but Putin elected to expand his personal power instead.
Putin develops Russian State and defend it from different idiots,Putin will not as amer slave in their policy,and Putin good partnert,honest
Putin sells his people false attacks on Russian people (Crimea) in order to distract from enriching his oligarchs at citizens cost.
Olympics
Tell me what do you think about Obama solt charming house of 6 mnl? Is it honest money, or little help from One Saudi fund?
To be honest go check with the Iranian lobby in the US as we dislike his stupid foriegn policy that sold #Syria #Iraq #Yemen 2 the Iranians.
Thanks for pushing HC to a bipartisan debate.
Republicans (McConnell) blocked Democrats from responding more effectively. Dems put country 1
Sto imam dumit i sakzat.?
Да вертел на члене твои санкции русский народ!!!
John admitted he knew ISIS & not only know he used the word "intimately" Like Comey leaked memos He wants 2 go 2 war
Comey did not leak anything those were his notes ,not anything classified.
What your speaking of is called propaganda not the law The law says he wrote those notes as a Gov official doing Gov Business
So you got dossier on Trump from who? Fusion GPS.? So your in collusion with Putin and Russia sad little man. That will be your legacy.
It doesn't matter until you make him SIGN it!!!
@SenJhonMcCain..Please resign and take a rest..
Lost a lot of respect for you. I think that you should have to be on Obamacare, then you might d something about it!
Had states expanded Medicaid people would have lots of doctors to choose from, let's talk how GOP hurt their own people with holding that
Your wrong, the government should not be in the healthcare business. I had great insurance for 25 years until Obama screwed up everything
Maybe you recall a time when lobbyists didn't have the power. Your country invested in science, grants for learning,
"He will not tolerate such insolence"..? How much more like Dr Evil is it possible to be IRL?!? GOP, please, take action and #Impeach45
Interesting that he hasn't signed this. Too busy golfing maybe.
Some one is tweeting for McCain
You passed sanctions now Congress will address issues since Trump had power limited.  Bet Congress runs scared and backward like on health
And you are a traitor to your party and constituents.
Not surprising u promised to lead repeal Obummercare...but instead your legacy is lying to American people!
Because Trump is insane and Obama is sane,a big difference.


No it isn't

Will @POTUS  have the balls to sign them?
Beginning to think that warmonger john mccain has an infatuation with putin.  Could their be collusion between john mc cain and Putin??????
Now Sir, you said let's be bipartisan like the old days and here you are cutting down the Democrats. You haven't changed like I thought.
Will the sanctions on Venezuela help or hurt Russia's oil based economy?
Congrats America there's a step forward hopefully trump take us a million step back from this!
You didn't do anything except lose an ally helping us fight ISIS.
Last thing I be reading.   Russia is an old civilization.   Their church goes back to 1024.  Russia moved on.
it's a good start, but we need to hit them harder. Russia has to pay hard for messing with us.
JOHN McCain,Это твоё дно ! Рано радуешься !
Россию Вам не победить !!!
Still sore that Trump did to Hillary what you couldn't do to Obama?
Like you guys can't do anything with healthcare? Like the democrats shoved it down y'all's throats. #openwide #closetdemocrat
Thank you for looking out for Americans, @SenJohnMcCain !
That's because you and the dems don't want this POTUS to  secede , he doesn't have to sign it
It's a pity to keep pitting parties against each other, presidents against each other..
Still waiting on Trump to sign the Russia Sanctions bill maybe the GOP could remind him
the democrats also voted to restrain trump, don't try saying it was all you.

Song bird mccain!
America doesn't care about Russia. We care about jobs, healthcare and tax relief.  Get your priorities in order or please retire.
Even the Washington Post is bored with the Russia story.
You have blood on your hands you warmongering old Soros fool.
You're a traitor responsible for 133 sailor deaths hotshotting a plane prematurely dropping a bomb on an aircraft carrier. You have no shame
NOT GOP it was super bipartisan
Look no further than a mirror to see a bigger threat to America then Russia ever will be.
The mobster in the WH is mentally ill and if GOP can't see that then you put us all in danger by not doing anything or doing too late
What is the purpose of taking a shot at the previous presidency.  It is irrevant to this conversation.
Don't crowd too loudly, Sen.  GOP
Has committed plenty of destructive, amoral actions that have harmed this country.
McCain is corrupt.
And you probably think Mitch McConnell is a saint?
Obama did this right under your nose.  We voted for President Trump! Congress is just trying to cover their butts.  Americans are furious.
You are the poster child for a selfish political hack, who has snaked their way through life. 
Great bipartisan result! Hope Mr Trump's tweet on Russian actions sings Congress's praises. So far low key responses from @VP &  @StateDept
Senator McCain- isn't this proof that when Russia didn't react to obama sanctions they had gotten assurances from trump transition team?

Except virtually all Ds voted to restrain trump, and there was no risk that Obama was *compromised* by Iran.
It is not fair to compare actions against Trump to Obama. These are 2 very different people. Trump is not a Republican he is a danger
We don't care what you post John you let the American people down again....RETIRE!!!!
Restrains Trump?  To bad you didn't restrain Obama maybe we wouldn't be in this mess!!!  Oh wait ur a rino
It's great to see bipartisanship. Should try that with healthcare.
Just be honest U already admitted you know the ISIS leader Baghdadi You even called him "Brave" over 400,000 dead to start a war with Russia
Republicans enable trump. Period.
Congrats hopefully Russia suffers has street demonstrations and Putin is overthrown.  Then Russia can have democracy like Syria, Iraq, Libya
Doing good, but then turn around and support a fluff, meaningless opinion piece. WTHeck. Stop DJT from baiting NK. That's the real threat.
you and your sanctions trying to start WWIII go back home get out of politics you traitor
McCain you're losing the ability to use your brain. I hope you don't want to die at work. Go home to your family.Stop acting the fool
John don't be upset Karma is coming for you You can't hide from it There nothing that can stop it You deserve what ever you get
Much too little restraining w/GOP dragging its feet on Russia Investigation.
Thanks for your leadership.
Comey leaked memos to get a SP He knew it would be Mueller John sent in ISIS to start a war with Russia. ISIS is John's memo
So why hasn't the 2016 election not been deemed illigitament,and Trump ,Pence ousted and true winner put in office?
Should be proud of yourself, looks like you have joined the mindless RESIST movement. Just remember the Maverick killed the Goose.
Please don't post partisan commentary that divides us."Let the dead past bury its dead." Post comments that reinforce our collaboration!
Tell them John at least be honest enough to admit Assad had nothing to do with your ISIS army This was only about going to war with Russia
Then when is @realDonaldTrump going to sign these sanctions? All talk no signing! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp Wake up @GOP he used you!
John &.@LindseyGrahamSC wanted to spark a war with Russia by shooting down Russian Fighter Jets
No equivalence between Trump's coddling of Putin and Obama's excellent and tough deal with Iran.
Its time u get over your petty hatred! And start fulfilling your promises!
John why don't you tell America how Obama.@HilaryClinton & yourself conspired to meddle in Russia's elections & tried to start a civil war
Why don't you have some borscht? I bet it's been a long cold day.
Lol nothing is veto proof! But who really cares Trump collusion is a lie! Created to obstruct and slander!
McCains legend, War Hero that left us the American People DOWN on health care. Nice job McCain. Retire with that on resume.
John why don't you tell America what you did in Syria It had absolutely nothing to do with Assad It was always about Russia
You still alive?
John isn't worried about starting WW3 He gets to sit back & watch Americans die Sanctions against Russia is insane
A little party damage control? Thanks anyway for saving ACA!
Only an idiot would think about sanctioning Russia while we face a Nuc Threat from N Korea John Millions of Americans will die
Thank you for this and your leadership in all other areas.
John Karma never forgets Remember that Over 400,000 people are dead because of you I wouldn't want to be you for all the tea in China
Has he signed it yet?
You're so courageous Mr. McCain. Let me lick your foreskin clean.
False equivalence to compare Obama/Trump.
The former you may disagree with but trusted. The latter obstructing investigations of collusion
Yes TRUMP IS A TRUE AMERICAN. Obama dislikes America
If these sanctions are imposd on Russia, they have nothing to lose! Tillerson explains! People need to listen to him!
Listen to Tillerson? The guy that made the deal to lease the oil land from Russia that lead to the invasion of Crimea? That guy? SMH.
Or listen to Establishment who allowed Russia evade Ukraine!
I don't think Putin asked permission. He wanted to move that oil tax free so he invaded a country and took control of the port.
The media, and Governemt here trying to paint a picture, they don't want people to know both side of coin. Sending UN chief video
Why do Fox/CNN?MSNBC don't show this video, why they keep saying Assad use em in 2013!
Why exactly was there a need to poke at a former President?
China/Russia, and many countries try to mess with US elections. US tries to mess with other country elections also!
There was a DNC staffer Seth Richards, who gave info from DNC servors to wiki leaks! Why don't media talk about this!
Because his family asked that the media & conspiracy theorists drop it because they know he was killed in a robbery.
IM not talking about robbry1 Thet identified him as the leaker! He leak that info to wiki leaks,
DNC leaks was an inside job, He was the DNC staffer that leak to wiki leaks! Seth Richards is a hero, for exposing SNC corruption
Seth Richards is dead & his family asked that he not be dragged through the media. Why are you focused on Seth when Trump has lost his mind?
Trump is a terrible person, guilty of corruption & money laundering, treats women terribly, is making money of the presidency & is unhinged.
If he was, he would of been impeached
He is under investigation for those things right now. Right now.
If you have to restrain the POTUS, @GOP has no reason for allowing incompetence to continue. #impeachnow. The party is a disgrace to the US.
DT has done nothing w the bill re sanctions and no tweets re RU what's up with that?
Has trump signed it yet?
Great News at last sanctions that have had to be imposed which hopefully will stop Putin from becoming too powerful
So you push for sanctions but as a Senator allow 755 diplomat staffers in Russia? How does that work? Smoke and mirrors.

Has it been signed into law??????
Has Trump signed the bill yet? I don't think so. Pocket veto? I do appreciate the majority votes on this bill.
RESIGN #MAGA
Here's Trump laughing and joking with the Russians. Trump thinks this is a big joke.  Trump is a fraud, con man @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake
Get in your hospital bed that the taxpayers are paying for.
With all due respect Senator, your party turned a blind eye to Trump's connections. Doing damage control now isn't praise worthy.
Is a 'pocket veto' coming? POTUS's a vindictive man, stock market  effects 1/2 of Americans, forgets Dollar  effects all.
Insolence?
https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/891838462625816578 …
Good folks are being penalized just not for buying Obamacare. When are you going to fix this

Shouldn't there also be a bill passed that the president must actually READ a bill before he signs?
Who's going to restrain you.  I hope you enjoy having ObamaCare.
The world thought the Iran deal was a good thing. Obama handed you your ass in the presidential election, get over it. Try to control Trump.
I wish you the best, but why must you be so divisive-especially after your speech on bipartisanship?
Liar.
Wby GOP letting #45 threaten you  about healthcare? He is giving repubs a bad name. You guys need to cut him and pence loose. Ty for vote
Republicans deserve credit for limiting a Republican President's treason?  Impeach his ass, then we'll talk.
Please before you start all that b******* that comes out of your mouth every day get the real facts McCain is nothing but a traitor
Has he signed yet?
should have stopped at bipartisan - we are not bipartisan if we r still living in past and pointing fingers. Both sides r guilty in past.
More right-wing spin from nut jobs at WSJ editorial page.
Proud of you for stepping up and speaking truth to the insane man in the WH
Says the far left lib to their hero McCain.
Yeah for the @GOP. They'll be on the right side of history for once 
Sir, you are a true hero, a patriot & a friend to my country as well as your own.

Thank you for a lifetime of sacrifice & service!
What is your country?
It's pretty easy to work out...
It's not hard to answer either
Way to go #SongBird. Some things never change. Do us all a favor and formally switch parties so you can be true to yourself.
Great job Site, keep leading our country....
Now,  now editorial board. Malia Obama wasn't collaborating with Iran to get dirt on Romney. There's a reason the GOP has to restrain Trump
Back Stabber
Obama was a descent man unlike trump

The invader #Russia should mourn his own stupidity.
Has trump signed this bill? If he does not sign in 10 days from your recess ... it is not valid
You have lied to this country long enough. No one believes anything you say anymore. It's time for you leave the swamp. Midterms voted out
thank you!!!!
Let's be clear: Russia attacked the United States of America, they are not our friends, What is needed are more sanctions, not less.
Glad Congress/Senate is adding checks on Trump. Bad comparison to Obama/Liberals. Don't remember Obama colluding with Iran to win elections.
Also - thank you for your "NO" vote. Millions of Americans thank you for that and are praying for your health.
Are we still paying for YOUR healthcare too? #CrookedHillary .

Wow. That's nice.   You will get the war you and Soros want.
Retire john.  Term limits poster cbild
Dude we have a entire congress that are ALL poster children for term limits!
Restrain that LUNATIC
