And let's maintain public lands, open spaces, and national monuments.
until @realDonaldJTrump opens the monuments and parks to corporations for drilling, mining
What r u gonna do bout Trump???WAIT for him to destroy our country?Really (I'm veteran) brother
Heading to Havasu at the end of the month for nine days can I have a vacation without worrying about #TrumpCrazyPresident
watch for the grand opening of the Trump casino in the Indian area of the canyon you sold us out @SenJohnMcCain
Senator, 
Inaction on part of GOP can destroy our democracy. Trump is not operating in the best interest of our nation. 
Trump is a poison!
America loves our wild lands.
RUSSIA.
YOu finally back from your delusion of being SOS roaming the world causing as many problems as you can for our country?Still supporting ISIS
It is beautiful there!
Now John RUSSIAGATE!!!!!
Country first Senator! You and all GOP are threatening our democracy! Impeach this unlawful frightening 'potus'...
Did you know? Your wife is bring sworn in by president Trump as a government official so your indeed bought & paid for too?  @SenJohnMcCain
What are you senators waiting for? How bad do you want things to get?
#FunFact McCain had dinner w/ Trump, his wife Cindy is being considered for State Dept. job & now his timeline is all scenic postcards
WATERGATE
Senator, 
United States is losing its leadership among our allies if Trump continues to distance himself from our friends!
Senator McCain
You seem to be the only man among your GOP colleagues that can stand up to Trump's actions. 
Sir, please act!
NIce to know that all the dems tweeting below can count on you to obstruct the elected president.  Same ol' out for himself McCain  RINO
No money to travel. Too poor, barely getting by.Keep posting travel locations.Vicarious trips to Arizona! I can pretend
Rolling America backwards isn't progress or savings for it will take decades to restore. @GOP stands by and let's it happen. SHAME ON YOUALL
A travel writer when you get out of the government like you should have  years ago you can become a travel writer .
Will NEVER visit Arizona as long as you are Senator. Your anti-Administration positions have diminished our Nation. Retire
What do you care about our parks? You want to privatize them all and ruin our Earth!! Shame on you!!
Just think how great that new Trump hotel is going to look thier
I've been here and hiked it back in the 1950's
I've been there! Amazing place
Been to the Canyon many times but have not yet made it to Havasu. One day...
Hey Senator! Let's protect the natural beauty of AZ for future generations! Speak out to protect our public lands!!
The most blatant is the statement that Trump is trying to suppress the legal vote. I would agree he is trying to suppress the illegal vote.
I have never read such tripe. McCain followers are either all Democrats or thoroughly misinformed Republicans.
Wonderful. And the new EPA will imperil that beauty because of the man who slandered you but you endorsed nonetheless.
:)
John, please. You are one of the few honest politicians left. You see what a mockery this man is making of our country.
Let's keep it Grand & out of POTUS' real estate grab & sell off. #ResistTrump
Wouldn't you guys love to drill in there and dump some coal ash??
Let's see a #SpecialProsecutor first!
Please remember that sight when debating the selling of our land to private polluters.
Please focus on the burgeoning crisis back in DC. The nation needs you.
Until they're polluted by your president

So, when does the mining start?
Where are the calls for #impeachment as Trump Tweets threaten Comey #WitnessIntimidation #obstructionofjustice
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!-Trump  
#WitnessIntimidation
John now that #POTUS has admitted #JamesComeyfiring was about the Russia investigation it no longer smells it out right stinks Now What?
There will be no natural beauty to enjoy in AZ if Trump has his way. #savetheepa
Senator defend our country against all enemies foreign and domestic that includes the White House
Does #HavasuFalls have its own Snapchat too?
John come on it's time to prove this maverick claim, time to do your patriotic duty What's your stance on the public threat to #JamesComey
It's beautiful. 

Now, on a separate matter, #SpecialProsecutor #Trumprussia
Keep our national parks and monuments from drilling, keep our water and air clean!
Much like grandeur of the White House contrasts with the rotten soul of it's current occupant. #IndependentInvestigation #impeachTrumpnow
Any tweet on any subject other than #trumprussia is pointless
Country first? Prove it, Need a Special Prosecutor NOW! Or be a craven fool on the wrong side of history, sad way to go out.#Trumprussia
look what the EPA regulations have done! water doesn't need to be that clear, waste of taxpayer $$$ - lets open a clean-coal plant upstream.
Save our wilderness areas!!
Until Trump closes it so the Kochs can mine uranium there like they want to.

But u r okay w/fracking, carbon emissions, methane emissions and deforestation, right Senator? The lust 4 the almighty $$$ trumps all else
Gorgeous. Please step up and lead the #impeachment. Your country is  already grateful to you, but needs your service now more than ever.
Senator-You and @LindseyGrahamSC had dinner w/45-Did you pledge loyalty to the PREZ? Are you on tape too?
Yes, the Havasu Falls area is beautiful. Now, about the constitutional crisis we're in. How do you plan to fix it?
Any oil there? Let's dig it.
Trump has fired the FBI director in hopes of ending the Russia investigation. Obstruction of justice is a crime. Do your duty
Nevermind Blue water and Red rocks, what about sorting out the Orange manchild you / GOP put in the White House!
I hope you encourage supporters to write in to the DOI and offer their support for our national monuments.
Yoo goo Mr. McCain - it's time to step up and do something about Donald Trump. We know you're a patriot

Cool. Can we impeach Trump yet?
@SenJohnMcCain Please convince your colleagues to support an #IndependentInvestigation
#HavasuFall's vibrant blue waters contrast w/the surrounding red rocks ... #GrandCanyon State #LetsSeeAZ

Rome is burning & #GOP fiddling
Please be a patriot sir and stop this insanity.  Be a leader. Country before party.
Gorgeous place. The state I called home for 6 years. Ahhhh Sedona, Tucson. The beauty of the desert 
ain't it time for you to retire? just go away ...
#songbirdmccain
@SenJohnMcCain
How about supporting Trump
Democracy is falling apart and this is what you tweet about?
For as long as it lasts before the drilling starts, eh?
Meanwhile:
BLOCK TRUMP'S ATTEMPTS TO SUPPRESS VOTING RIGHTS -- Kris Kobach is a threat to voters.
: https://5calls.org/issue/recNWOC2vjoxRrkaF …
https://www.thenation.com/article/trumps-commission-on-election-integrity-will-lead-to-massive-voter-suppression/ …
Don't let Nestle see that water.
This is a beautiful place.
Seriously? More important things going on, Sir. Pls lead.
Yeah Great - Now, when can we SAVE THE FUCKING COUNTRY FROM THE INSANE AND MENTALLY UNSTABLE POTUS?
You voted to confirm Sessions, who gave Trump cover to fire Comey (after supposedly recusing himself).  You're responsible for this - fix it
