Your dad is a true American hero...  Willing to speak truth to power.  God bless him always!
Thank you, but he is my husband.
That do make a difference.  Didn't know that... Sorry!  :-)
Please tell your husband to stop voting with the Dem party. It's very dishonest to call yourself a Rep & vote Lib.
I don't normally speak to trolls and will have no further interaction with you.
He's one of our finest, logical, rational, well grounded with INTEGRITY senators. We need him and wish him the best!
No, many of us do not believe McCain is thinking clearly & feel it is not in the best interest of either party for him to remain a Senator.
Convince him to retire. His 105 yr old mom and U need him @ home Not doing squat but resisting in DC
Agree with you  + the type of brain cancer McCain has affects psychological functioning.
Why is it that only Libs support McCain? (Pointing out a problem, here).
A liberal is someone who is willing to forgo some of what they have, so others might have something they need. #AffordableHealthCare
with
Why isn't he and his Senate chronies on Obamacare? You're a fool.
Agree,but that is the way of all fools
Can he retire PLEASE!!!
Wishing a speedy and complete recovery.
If only he was really a republican and interested in supporting one of the greatest agendas in modern times instead of playing politics?
God bless the daughter too!
Cindy I love Senator McCain and thank him for his love and service to this country. I pray for his speedy recovery from cancer. Here for u
Keep him home. He's senile.
Cindy why support a traitor
John McCain and the POW Cover-Up “war hero” buried information about POWs left behind in Vietnam
God bless you and him

A hero
He put his pride before his country. His hatred of our POTUS is coming right back at him.
He stabbed us in the back.
I voted Obama but i have a deep admeration for Mr McCain. God bless and thank you.
Traitor
He sucks and needs to retire!
Your husband is a True American HERO
Said from a true traitor to another swamp dweller
I wish Healing your husband. I'm sure of that. God bless your family.
So glad to know. @SenJohnMcCain is a national treasure, we are so fortunate. Wishing you all well.
McCain chastised Trump: "You gotta do what you say you're gonna do." Yet HE DIDN'T DO WHAT HE PROMISED ON OBAMACARE!
Prayers to the family. Kick cancers butt John.
Your husband is truly a great American. Theres no way to repay him for his life time of service to this country. You must be verry proud.
Thanks for the great work you've done and continue to do. Healthy trails ahead for you both.
Should retire or resign. Swamp
Please encouraged him to retire, or join the democrat party and stop destroying the party of Lincoln & Reagan
I was at Clark AB when John got off the C141 "Homecoming" aircraft. As a Master Sgt in the USAF I  had tears of joy. A great American.
Yeah what a leader who will criticize President Trump, but never lifted a FINGER to say shit about Worthless Obama when he ran against him ?
Wish he would work as hard for the Republicans as he does for the Democrats
All the best. I don't always agree with him, but I just lost my best friend to cancer, and I'm sending all my love to you both!
I too had a brain tumor/surgery. Prayers worked for me. Found out it wasn't cancer. I pray for @SenJonMcCain 
Prayers and best wishes for the Senator and your entire family.  He is true Patriot. Tell @MeghanMcCain we miss her on Outnumbered.
@SenJohnMcCain, God bless you Senator McCain and family! Wishing you all the best...From a Democrat that deeply respects you.
Americans love your husband even democrats! Good luck to your family. 
The Senator gets top quality healthcare paid by us T/P's while the simple folk suffer under ObamaCrap care.
Obviously not working hard on his promise to repeal & replace ObamaCare.  McCain is just another swamp dweller.
Sending blessings to you and your family .
Hugs to Senator McCain
We pray for him for healing. We want the best for him, but the time has come for him to pass the baton & be home with his wonderful family.
I do pray for his healing and health as he is a hero. He is just a ship jumping liberal Trump hater
The stress of John's hate towards President Trump with slow his recovery.. he should focus on treatments.. healthier choice..
You trader
Now you just need to tell him to step down. Or just become the Democratic he is. Bitter old man.
Your not President John. Get over it.
Blessings and prayers!
Sad that he's so jealous of Trump that he'll screw his own party and the people of America!
Blessings to you and Senator McCain
I am praying for him.  I was on the tarmac in Hawaii when he came home as a POW.  My dad worked for his dad.  I have a deep respect for him.
He represents the best of what it means to be an American.
We care deeply about a fellow veteran. I was deeply concerned about voting against repeal of ObamaCare the worst government program. Bad....
Blessings and prayers to you both.
Ask him why he has become a democratic and hurting the people of his state. He will not be remembered as a war hero. Traitor and liar.
Thank you for being a great wife.
I voted for your husband in 2008 & defended him from "corrupt" Dems in DC & biased media. I also voted for Trump & I do same for him. Hello?
Who cares! #grumpyoldman #draintheswamp
Cindy I am So happy to hear that. I think of Senator McCain often  sending love
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson: McCain's brain tumor might have been factor in no vote on health care. One of your colleagues!
Thank you for all the updates! Prayers for all...stay strong !
Tell him to go ahead and switch parties officially because he has shown us whose side he is on.  #RHINO
He won't be missed
We Arizonans love our courageous senator!
I will give im a two thumbs up for doing the right thing and giving the Thumb down on Trump Care,  I am  Canadian and still like to ...
... and I hope what e has done will change the Rep. way and sit down and fix Obama Care get it going then do the changes that are serious.
Get lost with you traitor husband he suck.Trump2020
Many problems w/@SenJohnMcCain
1)he undermined @POTUS 
2)made it sound like idle threat which it was NOT
3)now not time to be partisan!
Isn't it about time for him to retire?
Your man is a fighter and we all need him!
Ms McCain: glad your hubby is doing well however I'm curious as to why he has turned against our president 
Your husband is a traitor. He refuses to accept the President WE ELECTED. Thank God nature will soon remove your husband.
Great man!!! Blessings to him,,,
he needs to resign as senetor.hes ineffective and lost sight of AMERICA.AN OBSTRUCTIONIST.HES A PUPPET WHO STANDS IN THE WAY OF A GREAT 
I will pray for his health and strength for you and the rest of the family.  Agree with him or not, we wish you all the best
Prayers and thoughts always
Please take him home and keep him there. He shouldn't be serving the American people anymore.
May God continue to bless your family. We serve an awesome God!!!
You should tell your husband to #Resign he is senile
Amen


your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Working hard against the president for sure.
Tell him to retire.
Please get him to retire! He's a RINO
Mam, for word limitation here, I may say sorry not to make full message as wanted. My warmest wishes to you and Mr. John McCain.
So happy getting notices of your message via Yahoo mail. More delighted to know that Mr. John McCain having treatment at a top hospital.
Fight On!
Sorry your husband is a liar.
Time to retire
I STILL have to pay into an Obamacare health care system I don't want, because YOU REFUSED TO REPRESENT THE WILL OF AMERICAN VOTERS! #MCCAIN
Amen
And thank you again a THOUSAND times for your healthcare vote!!!! 
No one in their right mind writes you to tell you this traitor is doing a good job! He is a disgrace

Please thank him for the American people! His stance for the sick & poor meant so much to all of us! Bless him! Thoughts and prayers!
It's about to get real ugly. Lost my dh of 33 years to GBM Time for God & family, not politics.
Best wishes to you and your family.  Even with ongoing treatment I thank you for your comments today on Korea.
I respect the senator even though our views differ. On one thing, however, I think we agree. Trump is dangerous to America and our future!
and running his mouth.
Praying for your family
He is a hero. He stands firmly in his own truth and has kept me sane since Trump became President.
He still has a Job to Do. Either quit or Fight Drumpf!
Tell him to fight for America. Not Drumpf!
Be healed Senator McCain. We need you more than ever. Millions should not have to die because of mentally ill men. Please remove Trump.
What a great support team johnhas! Keep us posted!
God bless him. He is a true man of honor. My prayers are with hom.
A great man is often backed by a greater woman. Happy he is recovering. My best wishes to your family.
Prayers to you Cindy, you do lead a good fight. And prayers for John...
He should be on Obamacare. So should your whole family.  Self righteous hypocrites.
Please keep us updated on Senator McCain . Thx.#waterswave
The VA really fixed him up.
Great to hear your maverick husband is doing well. He is a true American hero!
Please keep him home!! We don't need RINO's in Washington... we're sick and tired of him and those like him! He's NOT a Republicans!
Love mr maccain
My thoughts and prayers are with @SenJohnMcCain and family. He is a hero.
In his more clear-headed days...
Tell him to stay off Twitter. He's only causing trouble.
Please Teach @realDonaldTrump how to handle the verbosity of North Korea's Leader #GeneralWesleyClark called his Language #SchoolBoyRhetoric
We need him now more than ever 
we need him !!
I'm so indebted to Sen McCain for his sacrifice & leadership Sending love & prayers to him for whatever is Gods will, blessings to him 
GOD Bless you all
Retire
Keep him home, he is hurting the Nation.
He survived the savings and loan scandal, how difficult can brain cancer be, right?
God bless you and heal you.
Thank you McCain for being a patriot by saving Healthcare for the American people.continue to do the right thing
Praying for him. Keep thinking positively & tell him to laugh a lot. Laughter heals.
he won't be doing great for much longer.  the first signs of brain-tumor induced dementia should start setting in within the next few months
Thanks so much for everything you do for your family. We love Senator McCain!  He's kicking trump's ginormous ass!
So glad to know! Hope he bounces back quickly 
Yes please tell him thanks for being a traitor to the American people and that karma will soon show it's ugly face,GOD PUNISHES THOSE LIARS
I don't always agree with his politics, but he is an American hero and I am praying for his full recovery.
Amazing family!  Thank you for all that you and your family does for our country!
Glad the Senator is doing well because this country still needs his patriotism and level-headedness! So impressed with his stamina!
He is an asshole
Sending Senator Mccain well wishes for a speedy recovery.
take care of him! Even us lifelong Dems love  him!!!! (Shhhhh I voted for him)
You and John are awesome people!  God Bless
Traitor to all AMERICANS! For 7 yrs he promised to REPEAL & REPLACE ACA! HE ONLY WON HIS STATE B/C PREZ. TRUMP CAMPAIGNED FOR HIM #LOSER
Go back in your dark hole
J. McCain is nothing but a traitor to America's Democracy&POTUS! Cindy put your husband down for retirement B/C of insane JEALOUSY of POTUS
Crap
My thoughts and prayers go out to Senator McCain and his family.
Did he pass a mental exam? #Unfit #TraitorMcCain
Retire!!!
Glad to hear it wish he world bring HRes #401 to floor to pass no more blood please, our dogs need to live these horrific acts inhuman sick
Tell him to retire now
The GOP could have saved the country from Trump, Bush and Obama if they didn't sabotage McCain in the primary against Bush in the 90's.
Sorry Cindy I hope is is well but has lost the confidence of the Republican voters. Time to Retire and take care of his health.
Yo admiro el señor McCain por años es buen hombre y es un luchador.voy a rezar por su salud qué Dois te bendiga un fuerte abrazo Sr. McCain
TRAITOROUS SCUMBAGS: McCain & Graham tried to gut 9/11 bill and immunize foreign governments funding terrorists https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/12/mccain-and-graham-seek-to-gut-911-bill-to-immunize-foreign-governments-funding-terrorists …
Detailed Account Of John ‘SONGBIRD’ McCain’s Vietnam POW Cover-Up
He's got to get back to temper the nut in the White House
Hang tough, our thoughts are with you and your family!
can u ask your dad to get on board with our Pontus and lets put childish behavior aside.  Signed the Ameican ppl
OMG
Cindy, my thoughts and prayers are with you, John, and the entire family. We are on different political  sides, but not human sides. Shalom.
Thanks for the update. Blessings.
Always proud that @SenJohnMcCain walked the walk b4 he #talkedthetalk Get well soon sir
I'm feel so honored and empowered to know Sen McCain's story of his time in the service and government He's truly someone to example after
Best of everything to you both in this hard period; moreover, thank you for the "thumbs down" on repealing the ACA!
Continued prayers lifted up.
Sending positive healing thoughts!!!
What did he say after the health care vote about President Trump??
Thank you updates 
Tired of people being political, on your kind update & Thank you
This is not Republican nor Democrat -Cancer strikes both
Sending you the best
My prayers conitue to be with Senator McCain and all of you!!
So happy to have him working for us right now.  His voice of reason is much needed, even when I don't agree!
Not many men become heros..twice..even less..wish him best
 One for each of you
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain and your whole family the very best. He is a national treasure. Get well soon #Maverick
All the best wishes to John. @SenJohnMcCain is an American war heroand he put people before party. That is a quality man
He is a great man.  I've learned much from him and hope he recovers soon.
Sending you  and continued prayers. 
Glad to hear! He is one of America's finest
Enjoy every minute.  
Ask john how he enjoys his healthcare plan he denied us. Traitor
Ditto
Figuring out ways to try and screwTrump?  Working hard at what? Not what he was elected to do.
Sending prayers and well wishes....from Gaffney Sc
You both continue to be in my prayers ...had heard surgery went well ...
 God is with you always 
Take comfort in Him
Thank him for screwing Americans with Obamacare while he has the best healthcare we give him.
Majority of Americans pray for him. He's the definition of American hero
Tell him to retire!  He isnt reliable
Poop 
