Since when is being weak on a hostile Kremlin conservative?
If interested in politics or the GOP before Trump, you'd agree with McCain.
More like he's a traditional Reagan Republican who doesn't believe in being weak and appeasing for criminals in the Kremlin, unlike Trump.
Appeasing Russia or ignoring the fact Russia treats the US & our allies as existential enemies won't make them stop or the problem go away.
Hey peacenik, Russia attacked the US.
Turning over and laying on our belly isn't going to make Russia stop, but rather escalate, comrade.
Just curious, why would anyone with more than 3 brain cells support a potus who colludes with our enemies
Another vet for a draft dodger? Another "proud American" for a traitor?
Why is the House delaying on passing the Senate-created Russian sanctions bill?
Can the Senate put pressure on the House to act?
Hey, how about working with the Russians for a change? Cold war & Communism is no more.  War is on your brain!
Great idea...after Russia honors the CFE&INF Treaties, stops asymmetric attacks against west & ends its occupation of Ukrainian territory.
With all due respect Senator MCCain The US must exercise a strategy to retire your RINO Ass. We've had enough of your backstabbing
"McStabnback"
If The POS had any Honor He Would Resign.
2-Dad would not recognize the foolish lot calling themselves GOP today. He would be ashamed.
Russia, Russia, Russia.  When was the last time you did anything worthwhile domestic?  Loser.  #RINO  #DeepState #Trump2020
That's my maverick!!!
Go away please, just quietly go away...Our prayer for 30 hard years.
I hope Trump vetoes this bill,U say f you to the American people he should say f you to all of you in congress
We cant until we get a sane president in office.  Dump crazy Trump
Just stop talking and let that brain tumor do its work, we've heard enough from you

1-JM reps the Republican Party my conservative dad always voted for. I didn't always agree w dad, but he was an intelligent, good man.
The Minsk Agreement is a band-aid. Force the Russians to honor the Budapest Memorandum (and the US as well.) There was a deal in place.
Godspeed, Senator. Get well. We need your devotion and patriotism. Left or right, every American respects your service except our CIC. Sad.
Why didn't you care when Hillary was colluding and selling our uranium??!
And to think I actually voted for him when he was running for president. Now I'm embarrassed. Y'all forgive me. 
An educated guess tells me you voted for GWB, McCain and Trump. Why yes, you should be embarrassed.
I'm only embarrassed that I voted for McCain.
Thank you for supporting Ukraine's right to live and have freedom
Yes. We must stop communism in its tracks. I propose a nuclear arms race, a massive military buildup, and  proxy wars in 3rd world countries
The House needs to stop going belly up and pass the Senate sanctions bill.  It is crucial and we don't have time to waste.

LET'S REPEAL McCAIN GRAHAMS & REPLACE RYAN & McCONNELL THEN LIST FOR THE VOTERS THE NAMES OF ALL THE OTHER NOS!
CF MANAGING PARTNER F&F CPAs
Senator, how about telling us what you think of Trump's clandestine, one-hour meeting with Putin.
US lost wars in Korea,Vietnam,Iraq,Syria,Libya-a mess-can't defeat rag-tag Taliban in 16 yrs- u want to mess w NUKE power Russia? U two go !
Our nation requires a clear strategy for mayny issues.  Too many legislaors consider party loyaty before American' needs. Sorry to say
why do you not go after the real criminals who interfered with our elections the DEMOCRATS AND MANY OF THE REPUBLICANS LIKE YOU !
Can SOMEONE educate TRUMP on this  issue, history & why Putin & gov't buddies want it so badly? Is trump clueless or a despot?
Do you honestly think Trump will sign the sanctions bill? His boss won't allow it!
Just retire now
Please prevent trump from giving our country away to Putin
Just focus on getting well. That starts with, putting twitter away.
MMty.JM thoughtful patriot.Im progressive yet always listen carefully to his opinions. JM has manners& integrity.trump terrible. prayers.
Get well soon...you are a great American who, in my opinion and my husband's (Dustin C Gordon retired AF), you deserve the MOH
Bless you, Senator. Praying for your full recovery.
Now you take your medication like a good boy..when you wake up you will have a nice new brain
While you've been away, trump in discussions w/ RU 2 give back compounds, forming USRU cyber Intel, misappropriating funds, & steady lying.
U terrorist support ukrainian nazis and dont  do Minsk agreement. Ukraine is the 2nd Syria with Isis for u.Terrorist and killer.
oh John still playing both sides huh.. You loved the made up dossier that came from your russian buddies.
Praying for you.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for speaking courageously for what is right, especially now
All talk no action.
#Magnitsky
Hey we love it, this guy always protecting us!
US must stop bullying the rest of the planet, that's for sure. I would ask the Universe to give us more peace, more awareness, more empathy
So good you won't be able to push for world division and mass murder (war) much longer....
There is a special place in hell made of feces waiting for you John.
Thank you. Get well. Ukrainians pray for you.
I'm so happy you'll die before you can start another war.
Wishing you all the best with your health. I know you will be strong. We really appreciate all you do for us Americans.

...and along come the Trump cult to slam McCain. Here's the truth. You can be against his policies but still recognize him as a hero.
Please help us to stop Russia 
#MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN45 #POTUS45
#GetWellSenatorMcCain
Totally agree
Putin & Kremlin are our enemy.  Every step possible should be made to invest. their spy network & collusion into our democracy & election!
psyhopath + brain cancer =  this post
Agreed. 4 Putin to demilitarise R. foreign policy would need to reinvent his presidency. Must show price of current policy & benefits co-op.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain I'm very sorry to hear about your cancer, but from now on plz try to take the side of the ppl and not Trump and his gang
Go John Go
you know best!
Apperantly you paid the price for being the most evil person this millenium
God Bless You John! Continue to Trust in The Lord! He is beside you in Every trial.Thank You For Your Service & Dedication to us all! LOVE
Must Retire
Get well soon, Senator!!!You are a wonderful, strong person!!!  Hugs 
Best of luck with your health. Prayers are with you. Time to quit and let others fill in as you recover. Stop thinking you are able.
McCain=great dignity, honor, bravery and the best of our great nation.We need your wisdom and guidance!Prayers up and eternal gratitude
I have a suggestion for a piece of legislation you should sponsor sir: a bill naming the Russian attack on our election an act of war. Tnks!
Might work.  Once you have PROOF that Russia did anything.  All the FBI, CIA, and NSA have are assumptions.
Do you honestly think it would be good to declare war, then find out you were wrong?
How would you have any idea what information the FBI or NSA have? It's the whitehouse staff that leaks. If u don't know it was Russia u suck
Well then, I must suck, because I don't know Russia did anything.  I mostly deal in facts, not conspiracy theorys.
Thoughts, prayers, blessings & healing energies from Hawaii
u've been guided by your brain tumor. Let others including Mcfall see what happens if u go against (R)us. Escalate price? u say? go aHEAD!
nano machines son
God speed Senator McCain! Our lonely hearts pray for you and all your ancestral family have done for USA. God speed, Semper Fidelis!
2/Admirals McCain I and II (dad and grandpa) On deck with MacArthur and Nimitz on Batrleship Missouri oversee surrender of Japan. McCain=USA
1/We are richer as a nation for the servant leadership provided by Senator McCain and his father and grandfather
We cannot do that, sir, with a colluder as POTUS. Our prayers and best wishes are with you.
John, You are a fighter, resilient and a patriot. My prayers are with and your family. EHS is pulling for the "Punk".
Keep this fight going!! Russia needs to be put in their place!!!!
You can make changes in your life by studying all these motivations and can create passion for fulfilling your dream http://irfanthings.blogspot.com 
I'm a Democrat & proud.I pray for you & we need you back. You got this. We are all praying for you.No1 fights like you do you are relentless
One of those Democrats old enough to remember you being carried off the plane after POW experience. Much love and prayers for your recovery.
God Speed Senator McCain a true war fighter American Hero the band of brothers are praying for you and your family 
US must first develop strategy to stop our "president" from colluding with Russia & selling our country to a hostile gov't. #TrumpRussia
Stay away from sugar! It enables tumor growth
Sen. McCain, you are my FAVORITE senator & I am praying God will miraculously heal you & bring you back to fight for us; we so need you now!
@MeghanMcCain stop w/the Russian BS pls. We the people r tired if it.. I'm waiting 4 u 2 support @POTUS @veteran_news
Rip :'(
Love, blessings, respect, healing and joy for you and your family.  Prayers are with you, Sir
Your daughter gave a great statement about you & very dear to her. You are a fine statesman and hero & why I wrote in your name in Nov!
Thank you for your service to our Republic.   May God watch over you and your family.  I hope cures for cancers are found soon.
I am deeply thinking of and praying for you! I want you back in Washington to "fight the fight" with all the troubling issues going on there
Also, after dealing with my stepmother's glioblastoma diagnosis two years ago, your news comes to me in a difficult way.
I am very troubled by the news of your cancer diagnosis tonight.  As a former oncology nurse, I understand this.
I agree with your statement Senator McCain, however, until Trump is removed from office and replaced by Pence, I don't see a way forward.
This is in regards to your Minsk statement.  Looking forward to your return to D.C.   Heal well, praying for you!!!!
Mr McCain, sorry to hear about your latest medical diagnosis. As a democrat I wish u the best. U are a good man & will beat this . God Bless
You in June vs. you in July
Come to Duke for Cancer treatment.
USA broke agreement.Russia & other countries U attempt to punish laugh as they just dont USE US Currency & watch it die like old war pigs.
Let's see if @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr have the balls to share the sentiment and demand of @realDonaldTrump to follow thru
God Bless for speedy recovery. A true American hero, thank you for your service and leadership!
Senator you are pure evil you sold your soul to the devil . Shame on you for all world atrocities caused by US interventions
We need you now more than ever! Get well soon! You are an ethical reasonable voice and are a role model for your party.
Warmonger...
I wish you a speedy recovery. You are stronger than cancer.
Get well quickly. From a fellow Veteran.
Sending wishes for a good recovery and my prayers to you and your family, Senator McCain.
We are praying for you Senator McCain. Please pursue all measures possible as the Country for you and with you.
Get well senator, u r one of the few that really work for the better future of our republic
Senator McCain, thanks for being a person who urges aggressive Russia sanctions & a leaner pork barrel while fighting cancer. Amazing grace.
Best wishes for your recovery, Senator.
You have all of my respect. I know that you'll pull through. You have given this nation your life's work. Get well soon, sir.
2) Leave the fights in the Senate for another day. Breathe deeply, enjoy quiet time for healing. Best wishes from this Progressive in WI.
praying for you!!!!
You know we're were attacked and that makes collusion treason. And ripping off us taxpayers to boot. Please protect our nation. Best wishes
1) Best wishes for the struggle ahead. Cancer cells are considered "angry cells". You need quiet, comforting environment.
Senator I hope you recover and continue to serve. Don't have a Lee Atwater moment. Stand up now and toss face out. GOP keeps power if u do
An American hero fight on and protect US as always!
Sending you an abundance of positive thoughts as you fight this next battle.
Do the right thing, resign!

And then stay out of politics too. Just dreamin'!!!!
Definitely agree!
Americans are praying for your recovery Senator McCain. 
I've always liked you even if I don't usually agree with you politically. I am sending good thoughts for a speedy recovery.
Help!  Kremlin controlling WH!
Sir, this was a class act on your part, knowing what you are going through. Thank you for your service. America will forever be indebted.
You will not be able to enjoy  what Soros paid you,,,you are going to spend it in an illness  Miserable traitor
Veteran US senator John McCain is recovering from surgery for brain cancer, his office announces.
What's happening to you is called KARMA,  you have done a lot of damage to the country, to the Party and to the President
Sir, thank you for your service in uniform and out. My prayers are with you and your family.
Do get better. Your voice is important.
Sending love and prayers. Feel better. Xo
Mr. Senator our thoughts and prayers are with you and your beautiful family. Praying for a quick recovery. God bless you
Speedy recovery to you Senator. God Bless. See you back in the halls soon. #maverick
Oh, senator John McCain, please get well. Sad to hear of your cancer. Prayers are with you.
 for your victory over brain cancer!
Hope you get better
And McCain's righteousness indignation demands War With Russia is the Only Thing He is going talk about for the next 8 years!!!
Hearing of negative report on your health Prayers and thoughts are with you
Praying for you.
So how about the Senate strip 45 out of office and gain control of USA?  Oh, that's right- he sold GOP to Russia,too
DRAIN the fucking SWAMP!
President Trump won the election.   Support his agenda or retire now.  Tired of hearing sour grapes from you.
My ancestors invaded Russia in the 1930's-40's i'm not going to make that same mistake again.....sorry....
And still the GOP stands by a US president who believes the exact opposite.
Senator McCain can get bent.
Time for both of you to go away! Both if you are tiresome! McCain has always been a treasonous fool, but I expected better from you Amb!
Sorry Senator don't trust your view/word anymore
Retire!!!!,!,

Time for you to go, you've a obstructionist and a RINO long enough. BTW, you're not much of a war hero in my eyes.
Can't you just retire already! Don't you look at polls ! Folks don't want you!
We could just enforce the Budapest Memorandum.
Is training NAZIS 'honoring Minsk II'? https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=886223511488356&id=158889567555091 … #nato #nazi
No more Russia talk...focus on getting Americans healthcare. Your priorities are all wrong!!!
Now that Trump has capitulated to Putin on Syria, are those of us at war against Assad now at war with the US? Get well America needs you!
go pound sand, sir. Getting on board the American people's agenda could b a great place to acquaint urself to salvage some respect.
Call a meeting with Jr and Jared
How about we just give them Syria. You know, stop supplying Syrian rebels. Tell me Trump didn't do that to appease Putin.
#Retire McCain #Russians are awesome people
Hey!
 AREN'T YOU BRAIN DAMAGED
Oops. Instead, Trump is moving in a pro-Assad and pro-Trump direction.

I guess you'll have to keep supporting him.
Or we could just do this:
https://twitter.com/spicerlies/status/887748749451243521 …
Are u "disturbed" again? Or r u still going to cower in fear of a mean tweet? #JustAsking
Just read the crap you voted on for health care for our servicemen. Unreal
So just wondering which Underlings run your Twitter account, Senator, while you recover from brain surgery?
Yea, drop the atom bomb on Russia. Is that you want as a result of Obama weakenes that you supported or did nothing for 8 years ?? @POTUS
u have to pay a price for all the civilians your supported terrorists all over the world have killed... #warmonger
Severely limit visas to Russian citizens. Rescind visas.  EU should follow. Russians will vigorously voice their displeasure to GoRF.
