No, money not spent properly, enough money spend it right.
Then why do you want to give illegals our money?
Yes you have
The Pentagon admits to wasting billions, what we have done is funded the military for too long without oversight & accountability! 
You refuse to address the waste and corruption in our government! GOP platform campaign promises should have been on Trump's desk Day 1!
Seriously? The military has had to do more with less? I remember covering critical aviation equip with plastic, there was no for new roof.
600 billion a year isn't enough while idiots like Mccain have ran 200 trillion in future liability and impossible to pay interest
Aloha, was it wise to air out the laundry of our battle fitness before the whole world, especially our enemies?  You have compromised us.
#sosad we should never allow our military to decay like this
The Pentagon admits to wasting billions, what we have done is funded the military for too long without oversight & accountability! 
Wtf? Less? What a joke.
I will never forget the terrible remark that president Pres. Bush's men said that "we go to war with the equipment we have not what we want.
We should be distrubed by readiness of our ENTIRE military. W over 800,000 claiming PTSD so severe they require wives as paid Caregivers?
How can it be "less" when US spends more than next 8 top militaries combined?!
He should have been shot right then and there .
Senator McCain , please no more war no more American lives . I beg you .
I think you are part of the swamp that caused this problem.
Thank your friend Obama
Same can be said for you as your constituents have been doing with less as you take more .....
Spot on!
Not to mention, has done nothing about the VA or the Vets
Yeah so GOP has been in control for 7.5 years. Good luck changing your tune
Paul Ryan
You didn't do more when you were in the service. You killed 134 sailors and ran like a coward. TRAITOR. Liar saying appeal ACA then vote no
He's no hero. 
Blame Obama traitor
More disturbed by Republican RINOS backstabbing POTUS.
Seamen asked to serve 108 hours per week. No wonder accidents are taking place.
Exactly bad organization .
Everyone is disturbed by GAO report on Navy lack of readiness. Happened on your watch. Your father and Grandfather would be ashamed.
Go away!
Hi, Andy. I think someone is using your name now for a scam on Skype.
You caused many planes to be shot down when you coward down & ratted out our own in Vietnam. #TraitorMcCain - #SongbirdMcCain
Why can't the American people see this and run McCain out of DC on a rail
WE R NOT SENDING THEM LIKE THEY ARE NOW.. 

STAND DOWN!!!
We are tired of war . And if Trump wants war with North Korea let him go himself and bring his sons .
Shipping traffic merging w/ CO unaware of surface picture, bridge/CIC/lookouts sleep deprived, complacency, bad/no communication on watch.
Training could always be better, but doesn't take a genius to track/avoid container ships. It does take communication and vigilance.
Obama had the Military doing all kinds of sensitivity training instead of job training, sending Officers straight to their ships to learn.
We did sexual harassment/assault prevention. I had np w/ it. Tough to learn how to drive a ship on shore. Obama had nothing to do w/ this.
100x more funds go to military ABROAD than uS schools, hospitals, education & this is result? Your incompetence is sickening
When we start sending them to war with no protective gear or armor for vehicles yep, need to re-eval. Or let's stop going to war!
Time for some funding
Maybe our government needs to more with less. Close the government down.
America and Az have tried to do more with less.  You are less
Hey @USGAO
Congrats!
Someone read a report!
If only @GrassleyPress were around today..
@ChuckGrassley would be still ignoring @GOPoversight
That's rich coming from the ass that blew up an aircraft carrier
Still think you are president John
Johnny's tumor is in charge
Work together for all Americans!if you are in conflict with the right decision with our tax dollars, remember you work for the taxpayers.
Why are you sharing this with our adversaries?  Retire.....
RETIRE1
Just now aware! AmPpl have watched as you helped maybe led decline!
I know, it's as if you've been in charge of it.
STOP pretending you care abt our Military when you decided to join the Repeal Obamacare which takes HealthCare AWAY from MILIONS of VETS !
Are you the Reason your Daughter gets made fun of in a video game because it's all true
As a retired teacher, I can relate, and three years later it is worse not better.
More like the USN asleep at the wheel.
Since we spend more than the next 25 countries. . If they have less somehow I cant see how thats possible unless its mismanagement.
We need military readiness MORE than we need The Wall...
We need both Deb- respectfully.
Disturbed you still think your opinion matters
"More with less" than literally no force in the history of mankind......
the military doesn't want your kind speaking for them, traitor -
They u shd have protested for 8 yrs you have failed as a Senator
We already know you are disturbed... But thanks!
YOU almost singlehandedly decimated the US Navy! Your capture saved the Navy.
I like that
Been there, done that, it needs to change. I left the Navy 20 years ago, sleep cycle is still messed up.
Agreed. The Navy has been short-changed.  Now... let's talk about American children's education shall we?.
ZWE have the largest military and spend more than any other country. I know u  love a good war, but weneed healthcare dollars/infrastructure
Johnny says damn the torpedos- more $$$
Maybe if pilots wouldn't burn down Carriers showing off they'd be more ready
Good example of mccain wasting taxpayers $$$
how long have you been chair of armed services? Time to retire : senile and incompetent
We give our military more money than anyone n earth. It is not a money problem, we have a management problem
you been on the committee for 30 yrs but all you can do is show your ass for the press Retire bitter old man
"Disturbed" fits u just right.  You've been "disturbed" since birth!
Stay on this idiot Ray!

And we could easily save twice that much if we dump 'mental'Mccain.  
You were on the armed services committee. WTF?
Maybe we need to stop cutting taxes. US is not the most taxed nation as many say:
Public free market spending is a better user of resources- Govt is 20 trillion in debt.  Govt kills economic expansion vs private
Who the hell has been in the senate for the last 25 years voting and running the show...oh that's right! YOU! Time to RETIRE senator!
What do you expect with a liberal president for the past 8 years
But trump said today that our armed forces were at their BEST ever,biggest, most ready and most improved with all the BEST everything
Compared to 9 months ago based on improved attitude w/ a new commander in chief military respects?
We have asked you to do more with no results so you are a shortfall

So what did you do in the past 8 years?
Sheriff Joe is going to whip your ass in next election. @POTUS
Disturbed by your swampy fake conservative establishment voting record. Retire!
Give me a break.  They can't account for $6.5 TRILLION dollars. Don't give them more until they find that money.  http://nation.foxnews.com/2016/08/18/trillions-go-missing-military-pentagon-cant-account-65t-taxpayer-cash …
Your fault, you've been in congress for years.  Please, don't try and blame our great president for this.
Set up a Fleet Training Group Det. In Yoko. My Yoko DD "Trained by Doing" What has happened to USN. I know all"Touchy/Feely" NO shipdriving
Retire
