Pay attention..lay aside personal gain. You're a faithful warrior, help this warrior do what is best for our country!!!!
You Senator are a traitor to the RNC and the Americans people!  Resign please. You are doing more harm than good! 
Because he doesn't agree with you on horrible healthcare bill he is a traitor? Get a grip.
Hey John thumbs down to you traitor, health care repeal killer
yes.
You earnedThank you
He was so hot that he set an aircraft carrier on fire & killed 130 men. Do some research about your "hero".

Crew of the USS John S. McCain have reason for pride re their ship’s name,USS Liberty (AGTR-5) Crew deserve the same
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty coverup on #MemorialDay in #SanDiego https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #Navy
You got a ship now time for you to retire!
ILLEGAL!!!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1632532320131912&id=188625661189259 …
Omg chance the name
they need to change the name of that ship............
Big bad John?  Lol I guess toppling vulnerable governments all over the world and backstabbing your president makes you big and bad huh?
John, please start working for the American people,  rather that your globalist partners.
@SenJohnMcCain hopefully it can make up its mind about which side it is on unlike you!  Get behind @POTUS and get stuff done!
USS John McCain will probably switch side like sen.McCain did to the republicans and the country
Thank you for your service sir. 
Proud of our ship
Hopefully it won't be like you and surrender to the enemy or kill it's ship crew. You know all about that John
Go to the Phoenix VA for your treatment traitor.
Thank You, Sen.John McCain, TAKE CARE, GET WELL,
How do career politicians always get things named after them
J
The USS Traitor
How abt USS SONGBIRD?
SO TRUMP LEADS & ESTAB. NIT PICKS. 
THATS NOT UNITY SENATOR MCCAIN.  BACKSTABBERS WEAKEN NATION's SECURITY 
what, is it there singing all our secrets getting his men killed?
My support goes to john!
Right now John your only friends are Democrats
ABC
CBS
NBC
CNN
MSNBC
New York Times
New York Post
who don't want you to repeal the ACA
I'm sure if you would have become president you would have named one of the ships, USS Soros
There will be something named for young John too.  Don't know what; a great war machine, or a decent health care bill.
Great to see tumor occupying your brain, counting down for your doomed end.
Please don't visit and blow it up also, John.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/02/steve-bannon-donald-trump-war-south-china-sea-no-doubt … I sincerely hope that it's mission is directed by the Navy & NOT by wacko, lunatic Steve Bannon.
They need to rename it.  Your failure to get things done for americans is not acceptable.  Your hate for the president is vial.  King swamp
For the luv of God, liberals R sticking up 4U!
Nobody is more proud of U than U! Entire Senate stint covering up real Vietnam actions that we're covered up B4 that by his 4star dad! #DTS!
If it's anything like you it's going to blow itself up.
Should be USS John "Pardoned" McCain.
Hopefully this McCain will not turn tail and run like its disgraceful namesake
but will the entire boat go 'maverick' and open fire on its own side? if not they need to change the name.
So glad to hear from you on Twitter, Senator! Makes my day!
That's not an ego feeder at all 
That is very cool!
RETIRE!
So your ego gets massaged by your name on a boat headed out to defend but, you don't support strong language from the President ? Hypocrite
Stop stroking yourself. Resign.
You know nothing of destroyer sailors life.

Love the knick name you deserve it to a true hero despite our differences of opinion on several issues
Your husband is a Hypercrite.  Promised to repeal Obama care then choked. Getting paid by Soros to set you up when he's gone. Songbird!
AKA - taunting another government in Asia
When you're hot... you're hot!
Keep getting well Senator!
Lets hope it works better than you do.
Don't worry.  It's following Oresident Trumps orders.  You lost!!
You mean bullying other countries like his namesake?
Stop. Just stop. They should rename the ship. You are an obstructionist and disgrace. You'll be recalled before you can switch parties.
Somehow your approval just doesn't mean anything anymore!
To have a Naval Ship named after Sen John McCain is an abomination. This had better be named after his father. Sen McCain in NOT WORTHY
That is the cheapest oldest useless non living for usa! The other is a ship
Wow narcissistic much
Get to work on REPEAL
You are "great to see" every sign of violence all over the Earth
Welcome
Ironic!  A ship named after a traitor protecting USA!
Start a nuclear war with China and Russia. You'll be dead soon anyway, and other people's children you never loved.

When does the #EU accompany the #US on a next "freedom of navigation" operations?!  @FedericaMog @eu_eeas @EUNAVFOR @USNavy @StateDept 
THAT SHIP NEEDS A NAME CHANGE. YOU'RE NOT WORTHY FOR  THAT.
Should be part of a multinational force. Other countries must step up.
Bet the shipmates are ashamed of you John for not supporting their President
Don't bomb that ship!
Great to see that you're staying in AZ & not trying to muck up the process for much needed legislation. Pathetic. #BETRAYAL
Easy to get ship names after you when daddy and grand daddy are admirals and who kept you from Leavenworth.
The only thing u militarily  support from OUR President, is a ship with your name on it? Grateful for ur service, but time to retire.
You don't deserve a ship named after you. You're a traitor and you are exposed. Go Away
Can't believe they actually named a ship after this man or his forefathers. They covered for this ass.
So Big Bad John, when are you going to get rid of that stupid profile picture?
I'm ready to deploy.  Think they will let me re enlist now?
Who's side will this ship be on? If it's mccain you just don't know. Sorry to the sailors on that ship, I'm sure they are more honorable!
Now this ship is one McCain that has integrity.
Thanks for the HC vote and once again putting yourself first #3Amigosneed2go
Probably first to sink.
Should be renamed a real hero's name
It's gonna be good to see you retire!
John, PLEASE get behind the President!  Why do you keep this antagonism going?  Take the high road and let's unite in these troubled times!
John is a sore looser. He can't wrap his head around the fact, he isn't and never will be President of the United States.
John please take your illness seriously you have got to fight it with everything you have! America needs you!

There is a ship named after McCain? Is RINO anywhere in the title?
You're EGO is so huge

You have provided this country NO VALUE
It's all about your glory. When will you care about veterans again?
Should of named it Song bird !
Had to believe there might be a USS Trump one day.
yeah "big bad John" Your a sick man my friend, Losing all good reputation because you berate Trump. You should have voted early u Showboat
War war war that's all you love #war
You are a Legend in your own mind!!
. You are the idiot holding up progress you should be ashamed of yourself. I guess you can't remember what theuniform
Some old guys get Corvettes. You got a destroyer. Well played sir.
Big Bad John is not a nickname for you, more like "weak, tepid, little man""
YOU ARE  PERVERSUS .
Much badder than its namesake. SONGBIRD McCain get premium medical treatment while others die because of his support for ACA aka Obamacare
Great honor 2 have u in pub service fighting 4 us. Love "Big Bad John" nickname. U r a national hero and treasure. Praying 4 your recovery.
Now known as the USS Traitor
That John will serve a lot longer than you McCain.
Freedom navigation operation?  That's quite a euphemism for "instigating conflict" in the South China Sea.
Oh hell, trump is going to have of these named after him. Let's call it
"USS DISASTER #45.#
Retire McCain. You need to let Bigger Better Younger bad johns step up to bat.
And I hope and pray for the return of Big Bad John's reasoned voice.
@ActionDekalbCo @hawks_sox Adam, why is it you can only talk 2 #IL16 abt things like this? Why cant u talk to us abt your legislative votes?
I hav hard time believing Sen McCain, who served his country so valiantly, wud agree w/ u hiding from ur constituents. That is not democracy

This is not normal when the monthly test of the emergency tornado siren goes off & people think they are being bombed by north korea. 
ship will be caputured
they better be afraid!
Too bad it's named after a traitor!

Sorry it was named after your dad!
China to #NorthKorea: You can lob your ICBM tests all over, JUST don't hit our artificial islands. Those things are expensive! @amyklobuchar
Don't get me wrong. I glad they haven't sunk it yet. But this is not what I would exclaim "Great!" over.
Oh yes, that's certainly heartening.
How's your healthcare plan doing ? All your premiums being met?  Of course they are because we tax payers are paying them ! Must be NICE!
And how did a military brat become a millionaire? Keating 5, insider trading deals, and dumping wife one for wife two.
Hope you get as tough as that ship and support OUR President. He is the peoples' choice. Deal with it!
USS Song Bird!
That Ship will get to NK and then turn back without helping. You know to honor your name
Support President Trump he has wisdom you don't Understand.
Don't tell me that Navy actually named a ship after Traitor John McCain? What shame, there many more deserving men than corrupt  JM.
An American disgrace and embarrassment to veterans that know this treasonous idiot John McCain.
The ship isn't named for the Senator (John McCain, III). His Father & Grandfather were both US Admirals & father was CinC of Pacific. Heros
They need to change the name of that ship.
Sir, pls do not let these small minded awful comments get to you. Stay strong for your health. Your country needs you to knock more heads!

We are sick and mad for the way u act we need term limits you should resign this is not a permanent job  we will not vote for you   RESIGH
Can we focus on getting any service members that we may have in Guam out of Guam in case man child follows through with launching nukes?
I'm petitioning to change the name from Traitor John to 
"TRUMP THIS"!!
Yes, freedom and John McCain are synonyms. Sending good thoughts. Be well!
Your father and grandfather would be proud of their namesake carrying on the nation's business via FONOP
Thank you for your service!
How much money did you get from Soros and the insurance industry? Traitor!
She is a beauty. Glad she got a good name.
It's not America who is challenging China in the South China Sea. China is not respecting international waters and threatening it neighbors!
No offense Senator, but not sure BBJ is all that great of a nick for one of our ships - I grew up on the song and the ending is sad
That aside, sir, I am thrilled to know you have been honored in such a way & continue to keep you in my prayers.
It's named after his father. A deserving naval officer
It will sink just like you.

Great song, nothing like McCain tho. 
I can't believe how many of you snowflakes actually believe this ship is named after the RINO Senator. No wonder Hillary loves you dumbasses
Traitor to the Party, Traitor to the People. Retire Sir, young blood will take it from here Sen.
Time to start a petition to rename her "Pride of America". Big Bad John, what a joke.
Hey Big Bad John you can't even join your fellow senators to repeal Obamacare. I wouldn't trust you with anything in Government! #TRAITOR
They need to change the name to SongBird or Traitor!
It's ok for mccain 2 sing bomb bomb Iran and call Kim short little fat kid but potus he don't like usin strong words like last 3 is bad smdh
Mr McCain  Please RETIRE SIR  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  U HAV DISAPPOINTED A FELLOW COMBAT VET AND A US CITIZEN
Will the USS Donald Trump be a tugboat or a garbage barge?
You sound like a self absorbing wanna be! I will pray for you
Don't bother coming back to DC .... you're on Schumer's Side.... never were on OUR Side!  Political Hack!
YOU DO NOT criticize the @POTUS  in interviews or anywhere!  It Makes US look weak to world! SHAME ON YOU... TRAITOR!  POS 
US freedom of navigation operations are becoming more frequent in South China Sea!
You guys need more than "Big Bad John" here ..
Outstanding!
Reading This it's America thinking of no one else War in Asia; you fucked up the Middle East nuclear war next WTF SK Japan Vietnam ? People
De jure those are international waters. The destroyer had every right to sail there.
FON patrols vital, but we seem to be sitting on the sidelines as China bullies Vietnam, Philippines, etc to surrender UNCLOS claims.
Alright, I am calling bias on this one 
A rebel just like you. Good health to you sir. Keep stirring the pot.
That's great but why the hell didn't you vote yes for the healthcare bill?????  Americans are not happy!!!
John McCain need to go. Out of touch
