My hero's get multiple deferments
That's a traitor for you.  McCain has nothing to offer.
Im glad @SenJohnMcCain can see humor in this.  Unfortunately, I can not.  I think it was done in bad taste by @duffelbag.
Finding humor in the worst situation...@SenJohnMcCain is a hero in every sense. When you can laugh at yourself, you're on a new level.
Please explain. What are Hanoi Hilton honor points? How can you lose them?
Hanoi Hilton was a torture camp for American POWs in Vietnam.  @SenJohnMcCain endured 6 yrs of torture at the hands of the Viet Cong there.
Vietnam Cong were in South Vietnam. Noth Vietnamese Army was in North. In Hanoi they tortured McCain.
Sir, you're officially my favorite McCain. @McCainJack, you had a good run.
I've been there saw your museum in 2008!
@GOP congressmen attacked yet @SenJohnMcCain still fixated on Russia.  We are concerned for your mental health sir.  Please get help.
I stayed next door. Overlooks HHH. I gotta say HHH has gone down hill.
Sorry but I believe Honors started in 1987 . ...but Hilton should should give you lifetime Diamond status for your service.
Please either do what's right or retire.
Let it go
All jokes aside, you’re welcome at a Hilton property any time. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service to our country.
what #isREALLY "hilarious" is that you're so #corrupt in #antiTRUST, that you're too #chickenShit to elaborate on the #TRUTH of the matter.
@AlexWardVox hahahaha what a good sport
Please get on board and support our President
STILL can't believe your wife @cindymccain SOLD her soul to the devil #potus himself.
Vomiting.
#SenMcCain , just where ARE your loyalties?
I've always respecrted you.i had a POW Braclet for Lt. Purcell & treasured. But get on board with America's agenda , Senator. Please?

OMG you are stressing over honor points. Geez you can pay for your upgrade after all between the taxpayers, Soros etc you have the money
Good sense of humor senator
Laughed out loud at the DB article.  Thanks for your humor and grace, a true American hero.  After this week, great to see calmer heads...
The Hilton must be working for Putin now.  With Sen Rand Paul.
-duckwalk.
Get your gavel out and silence them... Oops!!! They're no women... Let them be then...
I love me some duffelblog
Lordy!!!
It must take a lot of strength to look back at that time. I don't like your politics too much drama, but I admire you as a person.
This is one of the reasons we like you. You have a great sense of humor! This reminds me of stories from Faith of My Fathers, a great book.
Don't care that you're angered about anything you misogynistic old horrible man 
Pathetic!
Also infuriating: The "Early Bird Special" wasn't all that special. #OldManProblems
Too bad they didn't offer extra points in the Savings & Loans right John?
The American people elected Trump, kindly get with the program and support the trump agenda!!
A funny story that we can all laugh at together.
It's good to see the maverick back in proper form.  You had me worried 10 years ago.
I love a good sport. I'm not even sure I am one. Followed, and good day sir.
Please voluntarily resign and admit yourself into a dementia facility. You need serious help. Such a disgrace to our country!
Maybe you could give others some lessons on how to laugh at themselves and have a sense of humor.
That's both hilarious and appalling
John see WaPo story... do you really think Cindy should work for him...I know you want the money but honestly !!!
Thank you for your service and continued work for our country.
Tons and TONS of respect that you can laugh at this, Senator!
Senator McCain's sense of humor is legendary. Remember his choice of running mate in 2008?

Too soon?
Very good sense of humor...the part about upgrading to the "penthouse" a little tone deaf and out of touch, but otherwise witty!
Good on ya brother.
Thanks for your service. Please keep being a hero. Our country needs someone who will actually protect us.
God bless you @SenJohnMcCain and thanks for your sacrifices for our Nation.
Thanks your senator, you definitely earned every point.  Keep strong and healthy we still need your service.
yea another old privelaged white man #retire
First World crisis.  Ill start a crowdfunding and we will get the good man his points back! lol.
@BZurang @jbgorenflo69 this is pretty damned funny
That's pretty funny, thank you for your service, sir.
Now I get it, it's a joke
Sorry for this hassle. I once met & had a great conversation with Tom Moe about your collective experience; I am in awe of what you exp'd.
Sen McCain if anything happens to our president you and many other will not get reelected.  That's a promise from the deplorables.
Loyal to one man, and one man only. SAD!

"And that's a promise, mister!" lol
You are now a sellout, I'm so dissapointed. You are just like every other politician now.
Damn edgy
you are the best @SenJohnMcCain!
Thanks for your sense of humor and resilience, Senator!
Weren't U tried 4 that?!

Appreciate your service & sense of humor...now, plz help save ACA & Impeach that awful POTUS fellow?
Wow!

And you gave them you name and number many times!
Hahahahahahah. It's true cause it's on the interwebs. Dolt.
Will you do something about the shit show going on?
