
Jared Kushner 'tried and failed to get a $500m loan from Qatar before pushing hard line against country' http://ind.pn/2tHu87C 
Get the Pentagon budget together and let's stop throwing money on it.
The Acquisition Budget is obscene and getting more so, but the big monies for the MICC are in the O&S Budgets around the western world...
The Trump Family of national TRAITORS need to go NOW Senator!!!! 

#LockThemAllUp
#ExcelentPoint WHEN ARE @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS bringing Home & Stop Deportng?
#CombatVetsDeported 2Mexico
#AmericanDisgrace
#GrantCitizenship
John, please impeach him...he is a traitor. The GOP will fall under this man as president.
Thanks for the great oversight from you!!!
@SenJohnMcCain  5.7 mil illegal immigrants voted in 2008.... Don't you feel just a little cheated!??
Flying an A model is like a bank running beta software on a production system. Fraught with bugs-only the brave or insane would attempt it.

The fact that Kushner will show up at the WH w/ his job & security clearance intact tomorrow given what we know is an unbelievable scandal.
But someone other than a RINO like yourself is trying to do something about it.
Sen John McCain, it's probably cheaper then paying your salary. Stop protesting and do your job! Drain the Swamp.
The ceasefire might be a sham.  No way to tell. https://www.buzzfeed.com/nancyyoussef/looking-for-details-on-syria-ceasefire-dont-ask-us-military?utm_term=.xn5q318E2#.bfO853NOY …
Jet's recent outing to Salon du Bourget at Paris provides independent V&V of experts' over decade advice to Govts
http://www.ausairpower.net/jsf.html 
...cause it goes on and on for decades…and they know it.  Are you surprised if this was the aim all along?
If you want the best in the world, you have to pay for it!  Besides, my brother worked on it as an engineer before he retired.
John, this is but more of “the never-ending-price” baked into the designs of all the JSF jets.
"Lock the trump administration up"
Don't be a sucker...do something about Trump's authoritarian regime while you still can!
Perhaps the contract should include penalties for cost over-runs or bonuses for completing on time...money seems to be a great motivator.
We Want free market healthcare, not government subsidized care. Support Cruz-Lee Amendment message from AZ residents Anthem, AZ 85086
John rodriguez
Same cost as Trump's first year as POTUS.
when when when will congress realize this prez is not competent to hold this office. an embarrassment daily.
Program Budget (Total Price) = Acquisition Budget + O&S Budget (including facilities/infrastructure), don't you know.
Air Power Australia predicted back in 2006 that the JSF program likely would breach US$1.5 Trillion on it’s way to over US$2 Trillion.
Price for Russian meddling?  How about a price 2 pay for sending us into territories for personal gain?  How about depleted uranium weapons?
If we want to curb wasteful spendinn we need laws, pls rally bipartisan support.
The US should buy Gripen from Sweden
The venerable warthog gets retired and the hangar queen continues to gobble funding by the trough full. That makes sense?
FYI PARENTS WHO BROUGHT THEIR SERIOUSLY DISABLED CHILDREN TO THE RNC today were denied access to the building. GOP ask yourself WWJD
People should be in Jail over this. Why are there no hearings with executives of the contractors. THIS IS OUR MONEY!
I thought you were on the Senate Committee with jurisdiction over this project.
When home in Arizona you brag about the jobs this plane has created. Didn't you work to get the training based at Luke AFB . Hypocrite?

but no money for health care..Wow
How can the cost be "TBD" if there are "cost overruns?" You can't know there are overruns if you don't know the cost.
I thought Trump said he talked tough on the F35 project cost?? He did not Walk the Talk it seems......
And you have been on the SASC the whole time. How do you explain your failures?
Hmm.  After this?  https://apnews.com/c810d7de280a47e88848b0ac74690c83 …
Why are you telling me?.. Spend less time on TV and stay on the job.
$406 billion... And yet we cannot find $$ to care for our sick... our hungry... our homeless. To quote our president, SAD!
Can some good accountants inform you of the cost before you approve this waste of money.
Then, let's shelf that program and invest in a fighter that may actually work.
Cut the losses. The F-22 is a far superior plane
Seriously, what Party do you belong to? I think you need to switch Parties or just shut up!
Hey McCain, you lost the Presidency, which means, you ain't the President. Trump is very capable of talking for himself, no need for you!!!
Who's Fault is that expect you politicians who piss away our money. Put your own money up and see if you would tolerate it? Despicable u all
When America is thinking about Russia, @IvankaTrump at the table, @DonaldJTrumpJr talking to the Russians w/@jaredkushner U talk planes. WTF
The biggest welfare program in the world...Congratulations.
You don't get to talk about military over spending. You are the problem.
Don't you have the greatest negotiator of all time at your disposal?
Work on drones for DM
This is just Maryland/Lockheed subsidy payments. Now with Shumer feeding on, too. The power-by-the-hour (operations costs) yet disclosed?
Claw back money from Agnew estate.  Should've gone bankrupt rather than given to Spiro T.  Corruption for end-to-end.
Homeless, hungry people, no healthcare and this.
I thought Trump fixed this...didn't he write that it will be done?  Don't they know..he wrote it..it is so?
We have a traitor among us our fake president supporting Putin and making R country unsafe
Support Trump or you will lose Congress and Senate in 2018
What you get when building a 5th generation multirole and rest of the world loves ther gen3+ specialised (plus modern ordnance and jammers).
In 2025 USA will introduce something like the warthog. And F16s will still be in the Air.
you need to retire!  You  and the GOP have accomplished nothing so far! Pathetic!
You are a rhino you should give up your position to a real conservative Republican
Healthcare should be viewed as national defense, and funded through military defense. Why aren't you pushing for that?
Seems like the FA-18 works just fine.
Why aren't you hitting back @ Jr.'s and the president's collusion with Putin? Come on, man!  Get to work!
Got to love the cost over runs ....
Get out of my party. You used the fake dossier to try and undermine the now @POTUS . You knew it was fake but used it anyway.
Cancel the order. It's obvious that with the new budget and the inherent corruption within the MOD and NASA they are going to milk it…
If only you were part of a deliberative body with oversight powers.
Do you think John will get the message? John gave away 600 jobs to Shumer for <300 F-35 jobs at Luke. Shumer is Lockheed's benefactor.
It's painful. Can just about see every issue that arose. Compare this to MIT's Zuber Lunar mission.
Keep in mind- this is just installed first cost. Not operational cost/power by the hour.  Different colors of money. Masking total cost.
Thought @POTUS fixed all of this in an art of deal, guess he missed the details. @seanhannity @gop @Cabinet sit by and watch USA go down
And yet the F-16 could have continued to roll off assembly line like cupcakes... A little biased, but F-16 + F-18 + F-15 are still unrivaled
It is time for you to accept the fact that you WILL NOT be getting your commission. Go kiss Oligarch Poroshenko for us. #InsaneMcCain #MAGA
You are laughable, you have over sight, so YOU Mr Senater, have failed in your duties of over sight
As an AZn, I say this is not where you should be putting your attention. Enough complicity with Trump. I thought you were a "maverick".
The cost for that one weapon has been too high. Yes TBD, but the work that could have been done for battle readiness is still important
Take away their corporate welfare. Maybe they will figure it out then.
WE SHOULD CALCULATE THE COST OF HAVING TRUMP ON AS PRESIDENT GIVEN HIS PENCHANT FOR RUSSIA 
AND 
NOT RELEASING HIS TAX RETURNS
But @realDonaldTrump can fix that bigly. Just call him.
Fix the damn procurement process before throwing billions more dollars at the defense department
Biggest waste of taxpayer money. Why do we need F35? All the battles have been on ground. Stop the waste! Didnt help us in Iraq war!
Because the retired-in-place still think they can sell knights-in-shining-armor for public support. Vs bullet-stop boots on the ground.
I voted for you in 2008. And honestly, sir, I'm glad you didn't win. How on earth is this the priority to tweet about?
Now McCain comments on f35 costs
Why do we need a piloted weapons system? We can rain death via UAVs; land, sea, and air.
Because the line of O-1/O-2s hoping to get past O-4 can't be supported w/o more big, spendy programs.  http://www.militaryhub.com/militarypay-salary-o1_o5 …
Vote no on ahca
https://www.rushlimbaugh.com/daily/2017/07/10/the-gop-is-squandering-a-huge-chance-to-govern-while-democrats-implode/ … You had 8 years to have a healthcare plan ready. There are a bunch of idiots in congress, not all are democrats.
The F-35 is the only aircraft capable of achieving the vital strategic mission of funneling $1/2T of taxpayer money to Lockheed Martin.
I thought don the con had saved us hundreds of millions and reworked the deal already?
Too costly. Get rid of it. Thank you for standing firm on Trump. Don't vote for health bill until it meets your constituent needs!
Australia should call the F35 the WOMBAT. Waste Of Money, Brains And Time
Aren't you retired yet? @SenJohnMcCain @baseballcrank @bpolitics
@realDonaldTrump weren't you all over this one?
US has long advocated technological superiority over numerical superiority in military power. Would you change this paradigm,or continue it?
Issue is actually kill ratios. Can't take on large population opponents with our small population pool. Why do you think he didn't make Adm?
After years of your oversight senator so u are part of swamps problem. Why have you not spoken up before  hypocrite
I'm hoping all these additional costs are being used to build a secret base on the moon.
You had beyter not tell anybody.  They probably have temporary bases in the asteroid field for reinforcement of the moon base. :)
That's very upsetting. So is having a lunatic in the White House. How about helping this country you love and GETTING HIM OUT!?
Say no to cost overruns!!!

Have Trump make a phone call to save $$$$$$$.
probably cheaper to buy healthcare. #MedicareForAll
Kinda like - the true cost of our potus selling our country to Russia is still TBD.
You forgot to take your meds again.
Oh so very clever.
Boy oh boy, Trump negotiated one hell of a deal w/ Lockheed Martin didn't he.
Yeah boy, he's a master negotiator all right....NOT!
Why even do it.
What wait, I thought your GOP Art of the Deal Presidente was going to make them an offer they couldn't refuse. What happened?
Scrap it All, along with 90% of the military budget
Let's start with actually auditing the Pentagon.
Fair enough but what good reason is there to have a military budget bigger than the next 10 countries combined?
Why are we blowing money on this when motor pools in the field can't get the spare parts they need to repair Humvees?
#ChristineLagarde, head of #IMF,  found guilty of "negligence" for approving a massive gov payout to business tycoon
https://goo.gl/taHYkm 
That's because the person she supplanted for the job was a rapist of hotel cleaning help. Lesser of two weevils.
Your fault #RINO!
#InsaneMcCain is just mad that all the lobby money and back door commissions have been cut out by DJT & admin. McCain's game is over. #MAGA

