Agree w McCain on 1 point: "we must answer to the American people".  John, U campaigned on R&R on ACA & most of Trump's agenda. Honor that!
Well we all knew McCain was a liar.  No surprise at all.  In 13 months we will not have to worry about that.
Glad to hear you haven't lost your 'sense of humor'!!You are a joke.We voted for @POTUS, NOT YOU! There is a reason for that. Now go #MAGA!
Welcome back to Congress!  The people need  your leadership.  You are a true Patriot!

@SenJohnMcCain being a career CROOKED politician is becoming harder & harder these days with that damn Inter webs system? huh?
#DBAP
You only disrupt the ordere
The people you work for and the ones who voted you in disagree with you. Stuff your pride or step down from your seat!!
It's time for Congress to actually do something productive for a change...Jobs,insurance, crime,drugs...Real problems Mr McCain!
IT'S TIME FOR TERM LIMIT!!!
Thanks @SenJohnMcCain 
4 
OutStanding Leadership
Courage 
&
Integrity

#0905 
Not 2 Soon
Not 2 Late
2
Get US Back in Order
"Push not Putsch"
Yeah where has she been I would be embarrassed not on outnumbered any more
I know she was staying home with her dad for awhile. I miss her. I like her
@SenJohnMcCain if you want things to get back to "normal" then you need to put the Russian agent living in the WH in jail.
When you have nothing but hate and ignorance, go with Russia.
@SenJohnMcCain if you want things to get back to "normal" then you need to put the Russian agent living in the WH in jail.
Lol. Hate and ignorance is the republicommie brand.
What country do you live in? Ignorance and hatred are the lefts God. Antifags ring a bell? Russia Russia Russia??? What a joke. Keep losing.
Just wanted to say that Senator John McCain sounds more presidential than anyone else on either side of the aisle. 
Can we sue Congress?


Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Our country is less safe, people more stressed, saber rattling is deafening while we allow Trump to play president. Will someone stand up?
The democrats of which I am one, do not have a leader.  The Republicans for the most part care more about their jobs than the nation.
Easy for that crooked wretch to say now that he knows Trump ain't going anywhere.
You, sir, are a traitor to our men, to our country and flag, and to all Americans.  It's time for you to retire!
Disagree completely. The traitor is Trump
You tell that #Traitor #McCain that the American people elected Pres Trump to do exactly the opposite of what he thinks.
Agree. U have the moral authority to impress upon other members to cooperate with each other & get things done. U represent my desires.
It's time this traitor retires.
Does anyone really think this bitter old man cares more about the country than his petty fight w/the pres? Think again!
Honorable Patriots in .@GOP Congress must stand against compromised leadership, .@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr who refuse to do their jobs NOW!
@GOP  It's time to stop donations to the GOP, and donating ONLY to those candidates are NOT part of the SWAMP.  #DrainTheRINOs
Yea right. Substitute the word America for the corporations.
@SenJohnMcCain, sooo, you admit  you have been out of ordering since the Nov election!  How dare you, on my tax $$.  Get your  ass to work.
U mention Trump has no political office experience; Founders intended everyday citizens go to DC 4 few yrs than RETURN home, NOT be a Career
answer questions John.
Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
And we didn't elect President Trump or you to compromise with communists.  Bombastic loudmouths?  Look in the mirror! 3)
You're right, you do answer to the American people, the same people who voted for President Trump and the MAGA agenda.  2)
Wait... You want us to trust YOU?  You have lied to us for decades about who YOU are!  1)

Be America's Greatness Again 
I want proof this man has Brain Cancer. He can fly to Italy with low immunity and  pressure changes on flight no affect & no mental probs BS
Please quit bashing our Potus!!  We want congress to get tax reform done- you've had 8 1/2 yrs to come up with this!  
You lied to AZ voters to get re-elected! You need to be repealed and replaced!
And do 8 more years of nothing?????
Does that mean it's time to start skimming from the people again

AGREE.Unfortunately w/all PASSES D T is given daily&ad nauseam ths monotony he createsw/no consequences will b moot 2 return 2 regular order
By "regular order" you mean accepting secret payments from private defense contractors & people like Soros.
"..not his subordinates".  However, the swamp.   Go away already.  #termlimits #nomoremillionairepoliticians
You were sent to Congress a long time ago and have since lost your way. @POTUS was sent to upend the gridlock & @GOP ineptitude. Get onboard
It is ur job to do what Republicans couldnt do 4 the last 8 yrs. Repeal, budget, etc. Don't cause divisiveness!!
It IS ur job to work for the people!Ur a REPUBLICAN don't forget & u ARE his subordinate! WORK TOGETHER! Don't cause division, get agenda dn
@SenJohnMcCain you are the reason why so may voted for Trump.
It's time you do your job as an ELECTED official!
U were in congress when O made Iran nuke deal; paid ransom t Iran; Benghazi; ruining US reputation; disastreous trade deals - & now u whine?
Also you are accusing PresTrump for doing what Obama did, & for being a businessman, not understanding politics. That's why we Elected him!
WE wanted DJT BECAUSE he wasn't/isn't a lifelong politician! WE elected the person we knew wouldn't be like yourself & the usual politician!
Sir, please practice what you're preaching! You work for "We the people" &WE elected PresTrump! Take a hard look at yourself. Work WITH him!
That would mean that McCain would have t compromise & work w Trump - never going to happen.
Sen McCain with all due respect you in Congress have inattentive blindness.Noko, HEALTH care,and immigration shows your lack of leadership.
Now we have a great callenge NK...why John?
Guess it slipped your mind that WE THE PEOPLE voted 4 Trump, 'cause we had enough of BUSINESS AS USUAL! Stop whining & start working w Trump
Traitor.
Most who approve this article r liberals & anti Trumpers, just like you. Your ego never could overcome that he became POTUS while u LOST
Yes sir, while we suffer through another year of Obama care taxes.
"JMcCain to the Post: It’s time Congress returns to REGULAR ORDER" - meaning doing NOTHING  Retain POWER & MONEY while screwing the people
Yes, u answer to the PEOPLE-so, why did u vote no OCare repeal?; no border security; no stopping illegal immigration & all Trump initiative?
/2 it seems u find your voice only against Trump. Guess what, he still will b POTUS, but many of u will not b in power after 2018.
it's interesting that u didn't speak out against Obama, while he ABUSED his authority. GOP Congress rolled over 4 all his demands. /1
McCain in a bitter old man who resents that he couldn't even beat the worst POTUS in the history of our great nation.
Many Americans voted for Pres Trump to end business as usual. His idea of "regular order" is back room deals that ignore citizens.
Thank you sir for the strength you have shown iver the years and are still showing !!!
Love this op-ed piece!  Thank you for standing up to Trump!
By "regular order" Do you mean a representative government that's pro-american? That would contradict many of your  positions, John. #Resign
@johnmccain so if u ans. To we the people start by shutting Ur mouth N start passing R AGENDA which is TRUMPS AGENDA! GOT IT
@ johnmccain so put up or shut upU answer to we the people we told you what we want when we electedTRUMP Ur part ofTheSwamp
@johnmccain we votedPOTUS in WE want R & HIS agenda voted in we wantTHE WALL,ObamacareGONE illegals OUT, IRS gone,flat tax
@johnmccain if u truly cared about we the people u wouldn't have screwed us on healthcare that's on U McCain u hypocrite
@JohnMcCain since u ans 2 we the people you better loose Ur loser attitude because u lost to POTUS&get on board W/R AGENDA
Social security is an absolute disgrace . McCain
McCain s gaffes  western Pennsylvania is racist
You are a bitter old man.
John you're a Traitor & your mental state is in question. We think u are not fit to serve. You are a symbol of why Term Limits are required
It time for John McCain to stop lying to the American people and Join the Democratic party he is aligned himself with. Pathetic buffoon
He doesn't have that much balls. It's so much easier to beat on Trump 4 trying to drain the DC SWAMP that drained us 4ever.
Let me help you out John McCain, you do answer to Trump, because you work for us, and we demand you answer to Trump. You're our employee. K?
Sounds like he is asking for a return to the old days, when "compromise" wasn't a dirty word.
Regular order? We the People voted against ur so called Regular order!! @congressdotgov has been worthless 4 decades! Time 4 real order!
@SenJohnMcCain there is a reason why you didn't win the Presidency and POTUS Trump did. Stop lecturing as if you are POTUS.

Excellent!
It is time for the Democratic party to stop sabotaging Our @POTUS. The Democratic party is only digging them selves a deep hole.
@SenJohnMcCain's is running out of time! Shame he rather waste time to ruin America than enjoy quality time with his Family. #Songbird
What for they do nothing?????
We voted for @POTUS to build that wall. You're lack of leadership 2 reform immigration made that wall a necessity 2 stop criminals crossing
He wants & need the Latino votes illegal or not! He will NEVER support the wall regardless how badly it effects Arizona.
Thank you for being the sane voice  that Republicans need to hear.
It's time treasonous McCain bow out of congress!
