You bill offers no compromise. Just a give away of amensty to those who did not respect the rule of law. It will encourage a wave of more illegals using kids as shields.
This is not the platform you got elected on
GOPs idea of compromise with the democrats on immigration reform is to completely cave to there socialistic ideology surrounding illegals!
Maybe you senators need to do your job!~! And how about showing a little support for the people that put you in office!!
Both sides need to work together to-

#ImpeachAndRemove45

It's that simple.
McCain always a Democrat disguised as  Republican. 2008 wished for none of above choice.
Your descision, meanwhile: Songbird; to have conspired with the Clinton camaign, Russian intelligence services, Fusion GPS, DoJ, FBI the DNC & others, in your joint & several efforts to derail @POTUS's Campaign & the United States of America's Presidential Election, is TREASON!
As a registered Republican I support DACA and absolutely oppose Trumps position and needless intervention on this matter.
What's wrong w/#DACA remedy being "follow existing law"? System broken before #Trump became @POTUS and #DEMS in fight over...
You are wrong, The President is finally listening to the people.  Something you all are supposed to be doing!!!
Very small man who is so jealous of DJT. He can't stand it he lost His true colors have shown. Get out of the way of an elected agendaLoser
Resign!Please just B/C U are jealous Of DJT.No right to sabotage the will of the people.Get out of the way! U lost,U lost, Resign term limit
Mr McCain, Immigration reform has been on congress' agenda for how many terms you've served? Do your job! Times ticking
No respect for him what so ever. His integrity was left in that POW camp. His loyalty is questionable based on his behavior as a senator.
Then you and congress need to do your damn job and vote on a solution. It's not the POTUS responsibility to solve. You all make me sick.
Couldn't agree more, Senator. What Trump is doing is just as evil as the #MuslimBan, which greatly affected 6-7 Middle Eastern nations. 
Mr McCain all DACA  benefited will be respeted , but you know that this executive order was illegal, POTUS wants to secure Americans
phuk you senile old man
Just being himself/congress should do their job/wonderful world if the Native American would have had a Trump in 1492
I congratulate @SenJohnMcCain for saying the right thing.
Describe McCain in one word.
#RINO
Sounds like an opportunity for Congress 2 do their job. Real immigration reform is the only way of dealing with Dreamers. Get to work!!!!!!!
This issue should have been addressed years ago by #Congress, but no-one wanted to correct. The EO by #Obama was illegal. Now you fix it.
All of Trumps EO are illegal as he is an illegal president
Trump is undoing all of illegal EO's that Obama signed. BTW he won the Electoral vote. Can't help that CA and NY can't allows get their way
I must assume then you also take issue with Trump's Muslim travel ban executive orders? You're not just a racist, right?
There was never a Muslim travel ban.  Also Muslim is not a race. The geographic travel ban  was to protect all Americans of all races.
Thanks, Sen. Regardless of opinions on @BarackObama DACA, Congress should have & should now act! That's what Obama & most Americans wanted.
The President is Very Sick and Confused! God, please take over the wheel.
Get rid of Trump before he totally destroys America!!!
Surprise surprise,  John McCain finds fault in the actions of our president.   What a way to go out, traitor in the beginning and the end

We are ALL AWAITING your follow-through
John you r a traitor to American people by your actions this past year.
Does this mean you've signed on to cosponsor bipartisan #DreamAct, Senator McCain?
Go away already, old man. Retire. Do something positive. Because you certainly don't do anything positive in the Senate.
John at some point you have to start enforcing the law or u become a lawless state
Perhaps you used the wrong approach when you supported the Neo-Nazis that overthrew Ukraine's elected govt #SvobodaMCainNulandChalupa
Resign,
While I respect and appreciate your recent actions you and your fellow moderate colleagues have been riding this crazy train for a long time
And how @ the mils who did not give up family homes & went w/o med care bc THEY legitimately "earned too much" while illegal ims rode free?
Or the illegal kids who get a free education clogging up the public schools with NO VACCINATIONS while the rest of us jump through hoops.
Ever wonder why we now have an outbreak of diseases that we have not seen for a long time, and again the media fo not research and cover ?
And the AntiVaxers
Retire.
Wouldn't be necessary if you did your job like you're supposed to do.
All due respect Sir, You can't even compromise with your own party.  #onevote
Both parties need to show their foundation-this is a defining moment #defendDACA
Just 'cause they voted for you illegally doesn't make them your constituents.
Respectfully, don't talk, take action to stop this ridiculous and hateful Administration starting with impeaching POTUS.
why should there be compromise when there was none when Obama signed this?
nonsense! it was illegal from start according to the clown who created the Exec order.
Yes, it always was illegal but there never was an EO. Just a DHS memorandum. RIP #DACA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gw4BIWiWyQg … #DeportThemAll
Thank You, @SenJohnMcCain !
Shame, Trump's new America blames the children for their parents choices & pardons a Sheriff who terrorized equals Zero Morals. #DACA
Most aren't children, blame's on parents, all illegal aliens most go. If we need workers, bring them legally. Amnesty encourages illegality.
Most were kids when they were brought here. To qualify, you need to have been brought here prior to 16. Most were brought under the age of 5
And they must have been here 10 years. It's wrong to talk of deporting children when most are not.
You talk all the time about Congress checking POTUS power, well pass legislation dummy!  Stop complaining and saying no, and DO SOMETHING!
BWAHAHA! Is that why6 Congress has failed to pass a 'Dream Act' for past 17 years? #DeportThemAll RIP #DACA
Uhave lost your objectivity&all U want is to sabotage the GOP and DJT. We elected him with our agenda.Yes us the people Get out of the way
Thank you, Senator McCain! You are a true patriot. Please vote NO on GC bill so 32 million won't lose medical ins. Hope you are doing well!
#TraitorMcCain
John's idea of immigration reform
No One is concerned with what the traitorous Senator thinks anymore.  May have been relevant, but more  liberal than most liberals
You believe he has committed treason? Have you called the FBI? The AG?
There's an invisible force field around some criminals, like Hillary, Bill Clinton, Obama, McCain, Max Watters, Sharpton, etc etc.
You should file charges with your evidence.  You know that's possible, right?
Once pardoned, no charges can be filed. You knew that, didn't you?
No charges were even pending for McCain. He wasn't even suspected of any crimes for which he could be pardoned. Nixon was to be impeached
So he resigned instead of having to go through the impeachment process. Ford was VP. So he became President. He pardoned Nixon.
You realize blogs aren't good authoritative sources, right?
You can't have it both ways, Senator.
Umm...do u not understand the difference between wanting SCOTUS to hear a case and how govnt must react after the ruling?
Kurt, Umm..do u not understand English -"unconstitutional" or do u tweet just 2 hear ur keyboard rattle?
#EichenwaldMath #tentacleporn #DACA
Enforce the laws on the books.PERIOD.FULLSTOP. @SenAngusKing @kurteichenwald
So sick of your disgraceful #rino politics. 
#nodaca #nodapa #noamnesty
#TermLimits 
Senate needs to use ACA since you voted for it.
@SenJohnMcCain You lost me after “President Trump”.
You voted against the Dream Act in 2010. Please spare us the lecture. If you've changed your mind, great. Go to work & get shit done or STFU
Right the fuck on bro !
Search YouTube for "Wet Start" McCain's actions on the USS Forrestal & the Keating Five

Let me show you my surprised face! I can't believe @POTUS is wrong AGAIN! You've filled ur coffers with corrupt illegal $$. U R HURTING USA
McCain, you really should turn in your @GOP card! The Obama EO is illegal and you know it! Do your job and stop whining! #MAGA #DACA
That brain tumor is ugly.  He should be forced on a medical retirement.
Thank you for your strength @SenJohnMcCain. We need moral leaders during this darkest time.
#DACA are not kids, silly. They are all adults and 100% responsible for staying in US illegally. Can't blame their parents now.
John !
Seriously ! Everytime you talk compromise, the democRATS NEVER do !
Just like the Palestineans in IsraEL !
No one cares what you think.
You should change your party affiliation! You are turning into a major liability. NEVER turn your back on the family! NEVER!
Can congress do there job, more important can you do your job
So, is that Aricept or Memantine you got goin' on?
I will admit, Sir. You survived what I probably couldn't. Sorry.
Just so we're clear, you're saying that putting it in the hands of congress is the wrong approach?
Does soros have pictures or something?
Any chance you get to bash our POTUS, you're sure to take it!
That is the WRONG APPROACH
Too bad you forgot that DACA is ILLEGAL/UNCONSTITUTIONAL ACT and it was POTUS' obligation to end it! If you want amnesty do it the legal way
If that is true, then extending it 6 months is illegal and can't be done. How does the Trump Middle East Muslim ban pass muster?
Trump is showing heart and doing it the right way unlike Obama
Thank you, Senator McCAIN. I hope Congress can save our amazing Dreamers!
Thank you Senator for taking a stand on this.
What are the odds Congress can get DACA equivalent bill passed?
trump is doing Ethnic Cleansing of Latinos in America. Make America White Again. Ughhh this german
Thank you for your comments now however this could have been done had you and your party have blocked any attempts to work on this issue.
@SpeakerRyan @YoungDems4Trump @SenateMajLdr @HouseFloor @USHouseNews @charliekirk11 (2/2) legal, due to suffering by congress lack of action
Thank you sir, for standing up for what is right and wonderful about our country.
Then propose a compromise, oh wise one. Quit going against EVERYTHING the man suggests. Do your job. Follow what's right...not your ego
#EndDACA #DoneWithRinos
Senator: DACA was going to expire, per design by the previous administration; Pres Trump extended it 6 months so Congress can do it legally
Let's see the bill you introduce to save DACA then.
