You and @HillaryClinton are a lot like Hollywood in giving yourselves awards you dam sure don't deserve! #MAGA and @GOP RESIGN NOW
May I say, WELL deserved, & congratulations Sir!
No thanks
Americans love you Senator McCain! congrats on your award
No they don't stop lion
Learn to spell
No need to have a Republican Party when its Senior members have joined the Progressives.  Disgusted with both sides. I want my Constitution.
Question for all you disrespectful haters & trolls on this thread... if you don’t like @SenJohnMcCain then why are you following him? 
Only reason you’re following McCain is because he hates Trump as much as you do. 
He has good reason to hate Trump but he doesn't. He has more important things on his mind
Well I wish he would get his priorities straight.
NEVER EVERTONE KNOWS You're the OLD SWAMP. GET OUT ALREADY. PEOPLE CANT STAND U everywhere. You lost years ago.
NEVER EVERONE KNOWS You're the OLD SWAMP. GET OUT ALREADY. PEOPLE CANT STAND U everywhere. You lost years ago.
what's the difference with you and liberal medal and obama....nobel peace prize
No matter the medals. U still kept yr tax payer funded health care and left us Obamacare.  Yr legacy partisan swamp man
I didn't see the speech, did you mention you cooperating with the Vietnamese and then being pardoned by Nixon for treason....#songbird
NOT IF I WANTED 2 WATCH REAL CLOSET LIBERALS I'D WATCH CNN OR MESSNBC
Up yours you preserve the Obama nightmare and hurt the citizens that have supported you because you hate the POTUS # MAGA
If you love Russia so much, why don't you marry it?
FAKE REPUBLICAN
Sorry everything u stood & fought for is being demolished by a corrupt & incompetent WH.
Here we have a representative of the war machine.
THIS NUT NEEDS TO ANNOUNCE THAT HE IS SWITCHING TO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. HE SURE HASN'T DONE ANYTHING FOR THE REP. PARTY
I think your cat is sitting on the shift key.
Thank you for your service. even though I hate that you are still a US Senator, I appreciate anyone willing to fight for freedom
I know his fellow soldiers are seething with rage at this disgusting parody. Hes no hero, no friend to the American people - and we know it
EN MOMENTOS MCR

EN MOMENTOS CRUCIALES MR.JOHN McCain
MANTIENE SILENCIO ABSOLUTO
Lifgelong Dem here, but I SALUTE YOU SIR! Thanks for ALL your service. #ATrueHero INVICTUS!
What is unpatriotic? You and the Progressive Marxist Democrats who disrespect our Constitution and the American People. You have been outed.
Gag me. You hate America and your victims know it.
When are you going to stop with your hatred for President Trump. Stop being a hypocrite think the American people. You do not have an unblemished past
Loved your speech and love you. Wishing for perfect health in your future 

Powerful speech, thank you Sen McCain. Please keep fighting for us. Please keep fighting for yourself.
I don’t agree with all of your politics, but I truly appreciate you taking a firm stance on your beliefs and not caving to party lines.
Sen. Although we do not agree on all matters to me you are a national hero who continues to put USA first & I thank you.  I am former WAVE.
Congratulations on your Liberty Medal!
Can’t you just retire before you screw us Americans any more?
Time to retire!!!
TY for your service, TY for standing up for what's right, TY for your honesty and integrity.  45 will twist ur words as another distraction
The democrat congratulations are streaming in! Way to go Demo Mc Cain!
These words need to go into our text books, our children should read them and ponder their message. Very passionate&eloquent!
Thank you for your MILITARY service. After that, nope!
No way.. you turned into a liberal.. Arizona & America not happy with you ! Retire now !! Or are you to full of yourself ?
You're an ass John
Won’t watch!!  Goes to show which side you are on when the only ex pres congratulate. Clinton and Obama!! Retire already!!
Thank you for your service!!  However you are a traitor to our Conservative Republican Party and should resign.
Thank you for your Service and your Statesmanship @SenJohnMcCain
Silly me, I was watching your speech looking at the manure spreader. Something smelled nasty.
One Vote Johnie stop making yourself look like a fool. Now u r a RINO step down
And you call yourself a hero, I disagree I think you are a zero. I served in the Army in the late 60s
Thank you, Sen. McCain, for your patriotism, courage, and loyalty to our country. May God give you the strength and health to continue to fight for our country and our liberties as you always have done.
God bless you good sir. You are a true hero, patriot and inspiration.
Please pass the torch on to someone younger and more sensible and less self absorbed
you fraud!
You're a True American Hero John McCain! We need you in this horrible age of trumpism!
This is well deserved. Thank you for your service to the US and to Arizona as well as for voicing your opinion about the current situation.
Fabulous speech!!!! 
Thank you Sir for speaking out for the American People ...and a big congratulations for your award ...well deserved !
It was a beautiful, moving speech.
Thank you for your service, sir. Now retire.
Sir I saw your speech. I only hope others in DC saw it as well. America deserves better and you're trying to light the way. Thank You
#THEMAVERICK. SALUTE TO YOU SIR! LIVING P.O.W!!!
thank you for everything you've done, John! Your service is an inspiration.
Nice knowing these are your LAST useless speeches at the end of a useless swamp rat political career
Your words tonight are inspiring! You are the definition of a  true patriot. God Bless you. Many thanks for your service to our country.
Yr treatment unavailable to the rest of the USA.  U ok with that or you wouldn't have accepted superior health care over the populace?
Powerful. Moving. Inspirational.
Gave up on you John. You've served too long. Go back and watch old CSpan videos before you turned into a RINO.
Thank from my 
Thanks but no thanks
Congratulations and I continue to pray that you will get good medical results.
Watched the well-deserved accolades from beginning to end! You are a one-of-a-kind American hero and treasure! God Bless!
http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 
Thank you for your Service Sir. #UltimateRespect 
#Hero
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1967_USS_Forrestal_fire …
This is one of the things he did he is no hero, he is also covering up the records of troops left behind.
You really sound like a Russian bot.
Traitor McCain.
Shut up Russian bot! Get back to Moscow!
@SenJohnMcCain aka songbird
Thank u Senator McCain
God Bless you Senator!
Your the best senator!!!!!
Thank you so much for your service sir. You deserve this!(Blocked all the haters and trolls)
Can't.... as a vet, I am very disappointed in you Sir. You no lo get have anything to say that I want to here.
Will George Soros be presenting?
Nah...i think I'll skip it. You're a hero, true, but now you've Bcome a deterrent 2 getting things passed bc u don't like Trump  #sadlegacy
Congratulations Sir & thank you for your service! #LibertyMedal
I'd rather watch wind blow. You blow hard phony POS !!!
You Russian bot should shut up and leave!
Nope ur a traitor
and ur an awful person yuri!
No thanks.  Your ego and selfishness don't deserve recognition.
Congratulations! Thank you for your years of dedicated service to this country & putting it before party.
Best 2 hours I have spent in quite some time. A clear testimony of duty, honor, and country
Just Quit #Traitor
congratulations!
Congratulations. Now please be an asset to your party, the president & your constituents.#do your job
Wonderful ceremony and thank you for all you've done for our great country.
Please retire. You have done a less than adequate job as senator.
Congratulation Senator.
Loved your speech Sir , we love you !!
Congrats Mr McCain you deserve this. Thank you for your service. God bless
Just Resign and move on. We need Term limits now!
Love u, Sen.J. McCain Congratulations with gratitude, John McCain and thank you, Joe Biden  Leaders for the people in our country 
God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you for your service.
I don’t always agree with your political stances but I admire and appreciate your service to our country. You are an American hero.
Does this mean you will step down now?
I hope this means you are feeling better? You are in our thoughts and prayers
the only thing you should be given is a retirement party, useless relic
Fuck you and your speech you washed up slimeball!
God Bless You @SenJohnMcCain, for your truth, courage, and sacrifice. Would that there were more of you in America today.
No thanks.
Vote FOR the tax reform
Congratulations!  You deserve this!
Watching this & crying my eyes out. W/ppl like Biden & McCain in the US, for the 1st time in a while I know we be OK
Me too
no thanks SONGBIRD MCCAIN..you dont care about Americans so we dont care about you
Congrats

Thank you Senator, our entire country is proud of you and your service. Thank you for serving us with a conscience and a huge heart.
Fuck You McCain!!! I’m so glad the truth is coming out about you! You’ll finally get what you deserve!!!
No John...it is time for u to leave...ur done! U too have become an obstructionist. @marthamaccallum @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr
Congratulations Senator
You deserve it sir. Thank you for your military and public service. I pray for your recovery
WOW!!! THIS IS SO AMAZING TO WATCH!!!  GREAT, GREAT MAN!!!
Congrats Senator.
Please Sen. McCain, talk about protecting the constitution being the job of congress & senate. We are in danger, please help.
I will join you live at your retirement dinner
Big hugs you fab and great man!!
Nah.. Stopped listening to Democrats along time ago.
Congratulations! Well deserved
IRRELEVANT. RETIRE Brutus. Forrestal, wetstarts, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute. Lifetime of scandals. Just fade away.
RESIGN You BUM !!!
Congrats!!
You are a Maverick .you deserve more .thanks for saving healthcare .
I will if it's ur resignation
Not interested
I have more important things to do.  My cat's toenails need clipping.
service of this country.  It doesn't get any better than that.  Tha draft dodger couldn't hold Senator McCains under wear.  The MORON.
You need to retire.  You are blocking an agenda. You are part of the swamp.
Congratulations Sir.
Der Mann hat EIER! (For stupid Trump Fans: This guy have big balls and use this!) RESPECT
Thank you for your service to our country, please do not let trump destroy it
different views on how this country should be ran.  Although I'm not a republican, I still admire Senator McCain for all he's done in the
No thanks.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
No one cares what you have to say!  Retire and go home!  Do what is best for you and our country!
Obama was Muslim, & not from this country, well, Senator McCain said no ma'am he's a decent family man, & that he and Senator Obama had
Congrats Sen McCain, well deserved!
Congratulations Sir, A slow hand salute to you! You are always in my prayers..Semper-Fi
Congratulations on being awarded the Liberty Medal. Thank you for your many years of service to our country.
Congratulations @SenJohnMcCain 
It makes me happy to see wonderful, deserving people be recognized.
THANK YOU JOHN McCAIN! 
#LibertyMedal
Congratulations for this much deserved award.
Such a useless rino, just retire already I'm sick of looking at u
One of things that made me so proud of John McCain was when was at a town hall meeting & one lady in the audience said that then Senator
This is what liberal politicians live for -- Public adoration and confirmation by like-minded liberals.
What idiots are giving this traitor @SenJohnMcCain a medal? FOR WHAT? Most corrupt rhino ever! #McCainTRAITOR
Well deserved medal for your service and sacrifice. Please do one more:  impeach @realDonaldTrump
Oh you love the awards.  Geez.
Are you going to announce that you've decided to keep your documented promises to Americans?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
 He Can not he is so spiteful he will do anything against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Time to retire @SenJohnMcCain
Congratulations @SenJohnMcCain 
No one cares about what you have to say.
Start serving the people and not yourself! Look what you did on healthcare, you are a liar sir!
To what end Senator - more animosity at POTUS at the expense of all good Americans.
Are you joking? That scumbag Trump mocked him. Trump is a draft dodging joke unworthy of his office. He is a threat to the constitution.
No thanks
No
If only that thin skinned orange toddler could take a moment of his day from watching Fox to congratulate you. Sad!
I don't always agree with you but I would never doubt your Love of County. Congratulations.
The orange pig is way too busy constantly congratulating himself on Twitter for destroying the constitution.
Senator, you are truly a hero.
Congratulations, Senator.

You don't share my political views, you don't even represent my country.

But this award is unquestionable.
Congratulations Senator McCain!
Congrats to you, sir. Very well deserved. Thank you for all of your service to our nation.
Congrats really. I don’t think so. He is a liar.
Congratulations!
Wow..its like obama getting a Nobel Peace Prize all over again 
Is this part of the payoff for your Obamacare saving vote? Once a traitor always a traitor!
Sen. McCain has more patriotism in his pinky that thousands of your trumpkins combined.
You are a traitor
Hell no traitor
Congratulations Senator. Thank you for your life time of service. You are dedicated, honorable and I wish every man could be like you.
Congratulations!
