Then threaten to pull Most Favored Nation Status from China if they continue the aggression.
By new administration ...Umean the new Russian administration right!Thanks for letting that happen by the way!We will not4get
The only bullying that's allowed is from Emperor Trump. Don't the world know that
Asia pacific?Asia not peace because of you!None of your business，Dirty old man!
Ask Putin. It's his call.
Is this your plans to lay the groundwork for a war with N. Korea or Iran? I know the MO of republicans is to start a war. Sad
哈哈哈哈你是不是真傻？中国哪里欺负韩国了？所谓“限韩令”只不过是我们民众自愿的，跟我的祖国可没有关系╮(￣▽￣)╭ SB
@kikilala1 already sucking up.shameful since you know new admin.is corrupt
please ensure this happens sir, many of us are nervous.
Support our President and his agenda.  He won't be soft on our adversaries.  First 100 Days of @SenJohnMcCain supporting the party.
PUSH them.  You are more important to this country than at any time in your career.  Educate this president every day!
sit down and shut up Senator! Your a embarrassment to our state. We, have a new sheriff in Washington. #MAGA 
you are our voices in Washington do something to stop this insanity stop partisanship and let congress work together

Just following the example made by our President #resist
oh shut up , line what would YOU do about it , spineless McCain
Why is it acceptable to let Comey and Russia interfere in our elections. America first. Country before party.
we need to address the bullying under Trump. Just saying...we can't be to quick to judge when Trump is leader.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57wnOGTTHUw … John Mccain Traitor By Vietnam Vets And Pow's
really... but Trumps bullying is ok. Seriously John
sorry administration views government through the lens of business deals
No more S. Korean bidets for the Chinese to wash themselves. A forceful statement.
is everything out of your mouth a lie. 

https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20170117/23335836506/almost-every-word-john-mccains-response-to-chelsea-mannings-sentence-commutation-is-flat-out-wrong.shtml …
Great to hear CHINA being put to the test.  Order of priority I think is Mexico (active invasion), then Russo/China close 2nd
We elected @realDonaldTrump and you rode his coat tails. @SenJohnMcCain. Support Rep voters who elected you.

BANNON:"Lenin wanted to destroy the state and that's my goal too."NO ON TILLERSON/ VISION FOR NEW WORLD ORDER! Support NATO!
"hope..."? #WhoTheFuckIsInCharge
how about the new administration passing term limits!? Lord knows we need it!  Starting with you and Don Young!
We have a new man in town, this will stop. #Trump will handle #China. We will once again act like a Superpower. #Leadership
by taking the phone call from the Taiwanese president I think affirmed that
By talking a all by taking a call by Taiwanese President I think affirmed that notion
why are Our Veterans calmly waiting to speak with their senator re. Tillerson, being arrested... RT
That would be great if the new administration had any understanding of international treaties and diplomacy.  They don't.
It's going to be a pissing contest, get ready.
Good luck with that. His talk re: NATO isn't encouraging.
Isn't Davis Monathan kind of vulnerable to being closed? Sending all those A-10 to Pope is probably a good logistics move.
they will need to attend briefings and read stuff to understand first.
You have built a respectful platform that can help you talk and negotiate with the Chinese. Demonizing them shouldn't be it.
Guess ur not in the inner circle??
The new Administration U tried to set up with libelous stories of Russian hookers?
I bet it was creativity by own experience
yes but please stand up and demand that the new admin takes action

The voice of reason in defense of our allies. All democratic/free nations shud never abandon each other.
Trump = Russia
#AllHailAndFlipTheBirdToDonaldJackOffTittypump
Please see that your branch of government keeps us safe & maintains our commitments.
Republicans can't wait to get another war , 8 years of peace and prosperity just doesn't fit the GOP agenda!
Hope that the Minority Elected Precedent doesn't bumble us into a war. You have seen what these fools can do. S.O.S.
Bullying is in.  That's GOP brand now, as if you didn't know.  You should be ashamed of what GOP has become. Lincoln my ass.
Trusting you to do the right thing. Thank you.
trump is not bowing to china how about you give him some support instead of well you know 
Support Trump's agenda!!!
Don't worry John, @realDonaldTrump will protect our allies in the region by giving them nukes. Nothing bad will happen then..
Trump won't unless he gets paid to
Republicans bullying Trump unacceptable also. You didn't seem to have a problem with that the last 18 months. #SONGBIRD
Nobody is doing any bullying except for Trump himself!! It's not r fault he's a big baby & cries when called out.
I stand corrected. There is a difference between bullying and stabbing in the back.
uh, John, they are your administration.
Please do more than HOPE, Senator McCain!  @realDonaldTrump is going to destroy everything if you don't do more than hope.
T***p is the biggest threat to the Constitution.
What do you even know about national security and standing up to anyone? Bumb!
Oooo! We can have a war!
ty john!
it's sad sir that you have to include "hope" in that remark.  I would think our government would strive to honor them.
good luck. The new @realDonaldTrump administration has already proven gross incompetence in handling #russianhack No hope
for an administration that puts self interest & partisanship ahead of their fiduciary roles to the  people
Your policies & CFR actions are open now. Pretending to be a Patriot isn't cutting it. #FollowTheMoney truth w/B Revealed!
They won't ! They will agitate them into a war ! Not my President! @realDonaldTrump
It's time for analysis of the 25yr marriages US has w/ALL countries! We finally need "prenumps" & some divorce!
All commitments are now on the chopping block, This is the New America.
No Nat. Security positions not filled.
says the man who is doing everything he can do undermine the incoming administration.
"Oh hell, just bomb the shit out of'em. Who needs China? I owe them money!" DJT
You Sir can HOPE all you want be the true test Will You stand up to #trump and Fellow Republicans to ensure National security
how about trump bullying is that acceptable!? The GOP is a bullying party. You all do NOT represent America.#TheResistance
You hope? We HOPE you make sure he doesn't destroy foreign relations. I don't know if you get it Sir, but people are scared.
You suck....
buro china buying Maldives . now we are Chinese colony in Indian ocean. rough prez YAG a puppet @ishagshafeeg
Where's the replacement @SenJohnMcCain. And please stand up to Trump - be BIPARTISAN! #notmypresident #theresistance #resist
American need your leadership Sen McCain...
Between the N.Korean's and the Chinese's; I don't know. Sen. John McCain
With clarity being for the N. Korean's having an ever Nuclear threat directed towards the U.S.  ; SENATOR
so you're on the Trump train now, too, what a shame
