You could not be more wrong. Trump is just doing what he promised!!! Don't be a schumer clown!!!
As a resident of AZ, I can tell you McCain talks tough to get elected, then becomes a democrat
then why aren't you guys voting him out?
God, we tried. In last 2 elections. Too many retired voters love him here.
he does nothing for them, people need to start knocking on doors now
Many of us were. I worked on both J.D. Hayworth & Kelli Ward's campaigns. Trying
I wish I lived there, I would definitely be helping you
We'd be very happy to have you! Put you straight to work!!
Please keep pushing back against him and his unconstitutional orders. You have our full support.
Senator u r  loosing your conservative supporters & being backed by #NastyWomen who wear vagina costumes
also it's *lose. Dipshit.
awe, thank you so much for catching that spelling error! And as far as the name calling, I expected that from a person
Support our President.Ban is a good one until we can properly vet refugees.It is Constitutionally legal.Obama did it too
you are forgetting that are right under the Constitution is to be kep safe by the United States, any means possible!
why do you always have to be the Rogue outsider. Instead of working within the team you choose to shoot off your mouth
that is his job.
senator McCain I've been a supporter of yours for 20 years I'm sad to say I no longer support you
you lost your bid for POTUS. You represent Arizona. Stop blustering and support @POTUS
How long are you & @LindseyGrahamSC going to let this fool run wild with our country?
YOU'RE THE FOOL THAT'S WHY YOU LOST ELECTION
This is the biggest disaster. Trump never consults anyone, just makes executive orders. What a mess!
LMAO you're a nut-job mccain
support your president like a good soldier and stop complaining like the ignorant Democrats
are you going to do anything beyond talk?
COMPLETELY AGREE! SICK OF THESE PARTY TRAITORS! Look what they let happen to our Military!
Why do you fight our POTUS?  Are you a secret Muslim or Obama holdover better yet a puppet for Soros. God is watching U
I don't know why we have a Senate & House of Rep. Trump just does what he wants without consulting anyone. Disaster!
move to the border in Texas and enter the reality zone! Your absence is also required in DC #StopTheLeak
Please retire and let President Trump do his job! Can you say term limits? We really need them because of people like U!
This is your moment, Senator. This republic needs YOU.
I say once again, for your pride, your country, & future generations: please lead. This is your moment. Stop the bs.
Republicans have to get Trump to work with the legislature & gov't, not against it. He doesn't know what he is doing.
Please slow this chaos down. America needs sane, reasoning Senate/House. We suffer from "shock and awe" agenda.
Thanks you John McCain for "Making America Great" and standing up to Tyranny!
Too long have the republican have rolled over when thing get tough, get on board or get out of the way !
MY ONLY QUESTION WILL MCCAIN EVER SHUT UP????????
Senator you are wrong...dead wrong on this!
politicians are what's wrong with this country  self serving, obstructionists, open to bribes, never held accountable
thank you John McCain for all that you are doing for our country. Please take over the speaker for the house!
You must be pleased. Denouncing d.t. during his campaign was just really for show. You are only worried about your seat.
thank you for taking a stand against this ban. Please guide the @GOP in doing the same - they're lacking heart and conscience
. I'm not confused. Just keeping the bad guys out.
You absolutely cannot stand success - you deserve Obama and Soros - support Trump - forget the cameras
Success???? Where???
Republican President, House, Senate - first time in decades - stop playing politics and use it
Well, the democratic supporters said the same thing and look how that turned out! Republicans are NEXT! 
Right - McCain, Graham & Rubio should listen to voters and support Trump not "deaf democrats"
voted for you many times, please vote no on DeVos and start investigating Bannon.
how can u endorse sessions,devos,Tillerson, trump,Putin &still sleep @night? people r begging 4 help! Fight! It's bipartisan!
Oh NO!!! NOT PUTIN!!
idjut
WILL YOU EVER SHUT UP ??????
Only if the commander-in-tweet does it first!
Not the Commander in Tweet. He's building a wall!!!!!. Not tweeting
and what is YOUR answer and action to preventing terrorists and illegals? I know; talk talk talk  @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ
we need more sane senators to start finding their balls and standing up for the people and not the party
. Defeat in a communist left wing court. 9th circuit overturned 78% of the time get it that much you should be out on ass
, I can't wait to hear the news that john McCain died
All Trump's constant lies make the US president look very suspicious, untrustworthy. Lies, lies, lies...
Intresting,  if the Republicans do not form ranks together, support the efforts of the Elected President DEMS win

American is with Trump. What happened to u
never saw someone in such dire hope for a teammate to fail, oh wait...unless they want to overthrow the leader.
TEMPORARY BAN QUIT LYING. FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE BE A PATRIOT INSTEAD OF A MONEY GRABBER.
EU President said Trump administration as great a threat as Russia, China & Islamic terrorism. What are you waiting for?
repubs fight person WE THE PEOPLE elected, corrupt democrats circle the wagons.WE THE PEOPLE spoke.
you are what's wrong with the Republican Party. Feckless !
We are counting on sane Republicans to stand up to Trump/Bannon and their coup. Reject unqualified cabinet. Begin impeachment
First off Sen his, Pres Trump's EO LAW ON THE BOOKS! Maybe you need to read up on the law (1182) Did u support Ob 2011?
do what is right for Arizona and our country stand up to Trump.

John McCain: "Oh noes!  Now the terrorists won't like us any more!"
America: "Seriously bro, WTF?!"
U like reading about a defeat for our POTUS? Sour old man who didn't win. Trump did. U've been in DC way too long. #MAGA
WTF is wrong with you....seriously?  BTW, Merkel is now deporting hmm!
@POTUS  Would be helpful if you didn't throw gas on the "bonfire." Let the Dems do that. They're good at it. Why help?
Thank you!!  Please block Sessions and invoke Title 50, Code 3051 requiring confirmation hearings for Bannon NSC
please your just like the protesters who protested before they had all the facts not a ban on Muslims,temporary
BS Senator..protect Americans not potential imported Tertiorist. No Bud Light support for weak dems
If @SenateGOP don't start obstructing, @GOP will be kissing his ring https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.n7mbk6yf8 …
you cannibal !! When will the republicans learn. We do not support cannibals

I am proud of our president, he is not all talk, talk, talk, like you, he is a man of action.
Trump is working alone, he doesn't have your support, or the medias, or the Dems, So he is doing the best he can.
Thanks for your part in attempting to de-legitimize our President. (sarcasm) Have you forgotten 911?
I don't think overall it was that confusing. I'm leaving for overseas Thursday looks like its all calmed down already!
Oh the WSJ the author of all the $ junk polls creating public opinion and Hillary as athe winner of Presidency right up to election
So many come and go in politics Nobody remember Only who fights goodness only remember you and Lindsey r great senator
Senator McCain I disagree but more agree with you because you speak for right and not politics. Fight with bully Trump
you are unreal.
Trump is straightening out the mess you left us with completely open borders!!!
you should think of the country and stop the Trump critic - whose side are you on?  You got a grudge??
I implore you to put country first & be voice of reason. I have great respect for you but I am MORTIFIED of TRUMP regime
Your slogan was country first. TRUMP IS threat to democracy & BALANCE of power. AG must not be yes-man to Trump.
Outraged bout poorly vetted EO & firing of ACTING AG, we must have AG unafraid to say no to TRUMP. VOTE NO TO SESSIONS!
tweeting about immigration what the f has that got to do with war mongering - put some effort in
come on mr McCain those soldiers won't lose their legs,develop PTSD or end up homeless with tweets about immigration
@marcorubio,  @LindseyGrahamSC and u are nothing but headline whores.. Get out of the way.  U gain no respect.
please help us save our country's values. #NoBanNoWall #StandUpToTrump
support your president. Retire already #TermLimits
We absolutely support this president. Please stop being obstructionist & holding grudge. You yourself said you were no hero.
Needs to be reversed. Looks bad for us. Pres needs to cooperate w/the Party and the People.
you need to stop it !  Shameful!  You didn't even bother to read. E o
Just wrong. done w/o merit or plan. Wrong Republican in office. Scary. Republicans need to bring sanity to the WH
From Australia sad to see US in chaos -divided -POTUS inciting more racism bigotry hatred -actually making US less safe
Thanks for standing up for decency. You are one of a handful of politicians willing to stand up for principles not politics.
I forgot; you're the Establishment NONE of us wanted; curious as to why you never became President?
"I like people that weren't captured."
don't support an EO that allows a 5 year old to be detained. That poor baby was separated from his mother for hours!!!
THANK YOU.  KEEP GOING.
Please continue standing up against injustices and speak for the majority of people who didn't vote for Trump. #NoBanNoWall
Can someone capture this guy again? He's getting on my last nerve.
Its more coherent than your run as president in 2008 Mr McCain.
Thank you for being a voice of reason in a sea of insanity.
@mathewi @WSJ DO SOMETHING!!!!
Why don't you get out of our senate? You're actually obstructing GOV at the people's expense!
have you lost your mind Senator?  Now I'm starting to see why you lost your bid for Presidency...
Thank you Sen. McCain for standing up for democracy, the constitution, the bill of rights, etc. You are a great repres.
Where are the other repblican voices of reason? What happened to the party? Taken over by the Steve Bannons of the world
You couldn't get the job done John.  So, have a seat and let the gentlemen handle business. #MAGA #PresidentTrump
when are you going 2 stand up like you did 4 6yr in POW camp you can stop trump don't let us lose. #stand-up #stophate
please do something!!  You're an AMERICAN HERO!!! Stand up to Trump! #ImpeachTrump #resist
Do the right thing!
#riverhead of the swamp
Yeah, and you're proud of this?! Trump is trying to keep America safe - and what is you're alternative to vetting?
Time for you to work across part lines and impeach Trump. He's dangerous and you know it. Protect Americans from him.
his order was necessary and lawfull...when did you start hating America? Why are you working against all of us??
you did not win the most pwrful job in the world, but more importantly you may be the man who saves the country from him
you are really a true patriot. History will treat you well!
please act, esp regarding court order
This might be a good time to start remembering who you used to be before the Republican party went off the rails.
We remember and trusted that Senator McCain, even if we didn't agree with him.
He's a bozo Establishment that doesn't know military maneuvers; yet was in a WAR? Ha; BS; kitchen duty.
John McCain! Support your party and our President!  Your attitude does not become you!!
Please stand against the merciless racist bigots in WH. This's not about being republican or democrat. Plz help this country.
Sen McCain...who's side are you on?! You, @LindseyGrahamSC & others like you make me so disappointed in @GOP STOP!
McCain is a loser, a total loser.
our country more dangerous with POTUS our citizen abroad, our soldiers overseas do what is best for all of us
please help us we must stop Trump
& @LindseyGrahamSC better act soon to stop this madman before he fires everyone who follows rule of law. #rightsideofhistory
Do your damn job!! You have gone from hero to traitor! Put the US Citizens safety first.. SUPPORT THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF
This constituent supports you for focusing on the good of the country. Keep fighting for what is right!
From the middle - My dear friends on the right, you need to tighten the leash. Our country is in your hands,#independant
i SURE WISH YOU WOULD HAVE RETIRED. NOW WE HAVE TO PUT UP WITH YOUR CRAP FOR ANOTHER 6 YEARS. DAMN
How long will sane Republicans allow this lunacy to continue? This is no longer about politics.
SHAME on you get behind The VOTERS we love President Trump you are either with us or against us.  you suck
- Trump has doubled down in ignorance of crafting a just law; Yes!Yates. For now you need to stop Trump/Bannon.
postpone vote on #Sessions. Question him on ban first. His history is concerning!!
McCain sole purpose has become to sabotage Pres. Trump, just like he did with Pres. Bush. A pitiful shameful role.
Save us from Trump!
please senator McCain.  Please protect our nation.  Stand up to trump.  This is a disaster.
trump just fired the AG for defending the constitution. IMPEACH NOW!
We r worried about the ineptitude of the new admin. Please lead #GOP fight for reason, order & upholding US values.
please do the right thing. You fought so hard for this country. Don't let DT destroy it.
how can he be allowed to run our country as a dictator and solely by Executive orders? He & Bannon has to be stopped.
YOU HYPOCRITICAL LIAR! Where was your outrage and theatrics when your buddy Obama blocked all Cuban immigrants outright?
thank you for speaking out on this.
Don't think you got the memo. This is what we voted for. Please stop being an obstructionist.
you must act now with democratic senators. Do not leave this up to the courts.  Get your hands dirty
You r the one that is confussed!
stop being a coward and support Trump wholeheartedly!
for McCain to essentially say that EO will make Islamic terrorists more terrorizing is ridiculous. #turncoat
please make the madness stop. Please defend the constitution and remind POTUS that he was not elected Emperor.
are you sure you won't be called a traitor next? remember he doesn't like you already because you're an amazing survivor
NO TO SESSIONS NO TO TILLERMAN NO TO DEVOS! Do the right thing for America. they don't have experience or what's needed
grow a set. It was constitutional it was right but should have covered more countries and a longer period of time!
Speak truth to power. Don't let #PresidentBannon silence dissent.
Oh Senator. Trump is going to destroy our wonderful country. We're so afraid. Please vote no on Sessions/DeVos. PLEASE.
i agree. Please mr. Mccain, help get trump out. He is destroying our great country. Please.
Don't ever accuse McCain of stabbing you in the back; he will look You in the face and put the knife into your heart
please vote NO to Sessions!
Please remember @realDonaldTrump is the only reason you got reelected. Time to HELP #MAGA and support our @POTUS
Remember every1 painted u as unhinged during failed run 4 WH Ur just another obstructionist Sore Lsr Get in line #MAGA
McCain is out of touch......
Hey maybe you should spend some time learning about leadership It's not managing in the direction of the wind
the only confusion going on is whether you are a dem why don't you come out of the closet
You got my vote - and if you think I am not a constituent - wrong!  I am moving to Arizona in '17
We are tired of hearing your mouth bolstering your mighty than thou attitude Go work on security jobs healthcare etc
What have you done ? Answer nothing you road trumps coat tails through re election then turned on him Get to Work
Why can't you for once stand with a Republican president?  You should probably be a Democrat.
why don't you listen to your superior president Trump and doniur job instead of always trying to kill millions with WW3
Thank you, John McCain, for standing against DT and the Muslim Ban!!
IT'S TIME TO RETIRE McCAIN!!
Thank you for standing up publicly AGAINST this immoral and UNAMERICAN act by our new & very incompetent president.
Thank you, Mr. McCain. You've never lacked courage.
Senator McCain you are AZ state Senator and I'm in VA, and you fight for what I believe in. Thanks!!
and  so does Tim Kaine. Yes!!!!
