Please senator, urge your GOP colleagues to take action on rapid climate change.
do you believe dinosaurs once roamed the earth? was there people then to alter climate and make the world tropical? stop believing fake news
So I guess 95% of the leading scientists the smartest people in the world are wrong
Are you like Trump and think that it's just a ploy by China to get us a stop producing
Then why did you vote against the relief package?  Because of a three month break on debt ceiling?  YOU LIE
President Trump is doing a fantastic job in supporting Rick Scott and the States of Florida and Texas. You should be proud of Trump!
What color is the sky in your world?
MCCAIN : SOLD OUT TO GLOBAL SPECIAL INTERESTS THRU SUPERPACS  : SUPPORTS GLOBALISM NOT AMERICANISM
Dennis. Did you serve?  What branch?  What have you given back to this country!
What does that have to do with McCain screwing over Americans not repealing Obama care? It's what Americans need, going broke.
GLOBAL SUPERPAC DONORS OWN THE SWAMP WHICH OVER RIDES DEMOCRACY AS WE KNOW IT
These Congress hacks can go into session and vote on a bill in 1 day. Yet they don't, it's a fraud.
UNLESS... IT'S THE END OF DEMOCRACY AS WE KNOW IT!
Climate Change Senator! Take a Stand! Support Science & get.@GOP to STOP denying FACTS! ENOUGH TALK TIME TO ACT ! Get the EPA back to work!
Obama's paid scientists have admitted altering the facts to support BO! Facts!
BS...BLAH BLAH..... you are probably a Russian BOT
retire from the senate, retire from the senate, let trump lead, retire
SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA!!! SUPPORT AMERICANISM NOT GLOBALISM !
You voted against Hurricane relief. 
Must be a hole thing.
Are you seriously praying for folks while voting against Hurricane relief?
Senator, retire you are making a fool of yourself!
Will you vote for relief funds this time
He should NOT be voting! A vote by McCain is a vote against our people!
I think the cancer in his brain is affecting him. U need to step down NOW!
Why are you voting against relief for hurricane victims, then?
Prayers don't help. Funding for relief efforts does. Not to be crass, but what if your doctors merely prayed for you to recover?
You voted against Harvey relief. You have to walk the walk if you're going to talk it.
Your prayers won't help them rebuild. $$$$ does that and you voted against Harvey relief. What is wrong with you??
Let's encourage organizations to forego 9-11 commemorative events and instead direct support and energy to assisting devastated areas.
Remember 9/11, Remember the Alamo!
Please stay strong on healthcare. #VoteNo on Graham's bill. It is not good enough.  You know this.
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Rushing this through...this terrible bill...it's not right. #VoteNo
1 John 2:2
And He Himself is the #propitiation for our #sins, and not for ours only but also for the whole #world.
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He became [1/2]
poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
thank you peps, always nice to see your tweets !
You voted against harvey relief you big bowl of jowls.
Prayers are nice-but how about convincing 45 that climate change is real. I'd appreciate that more as a Floridian!
Do not, I repeat DO NOT listen to Rush Limbaugh. Leave and save your family.
#GOPe #RINOs 

#DontBlameTrump
These 4 idiots have done  everything they can to undermine #PresidentTrump When they loose control of House or Senate don't blame @POTUS 
Simple solution! Vote Rinos OUT!
And yet you voted against hurricane relief. WTF is wrong with you?
His brain has to be affected by the cancer! So regrettable! I used to respect him! Revenge more i@portant than the people!
I hope you will consider leading your party back to respect for #science, so we can begin to prevent even worse #climatechange.
hope you live long enough to see the convention of states, and know your part of the reason we need one! #TermLimits
Retire old man! Fade into history
Such hatefulness exists on social media.  This man has more grace and courage in his little finger than most of us will have in a lifetime.
Maybe long ago now he is spiteful and unhelpful to the American people. He voted against raising the debt ceiling to help hurricane victims
Now he just needs to retire. His actions can certainly be questioned and ridiculed regardless of his service
#Repeal #ObamaCare
HurriMcCain is the most deadly force to American democracy! Please resign as many Americans will need real leadership after Irma
You voted against Harvey bill. Do You think we don't pay attention to your hypocrisy.
James 2:14-26

Your prayers are meaningless so long as you vote against sending aid
So you pray for them but will vote against relief to help them?  Like you did for #HurricaneHarvey ?
great interview yesterday.... You definitely server honorably  and we love you.
Will you vote against Irma relief, too?  Keep you hollow words of sympathy to yourself.
Why did you vote against Harvey relief?
Stop praying and start doing.
Blah blah blah. U don't care about anyone but yourself.If u did u'd be honest and tell where u got ur money.We do know from Soros traitor
They need real, monetary support, Senator McCain. Posting about praying on social media is meaningless.
after your praying why didnt you repubs help trump pass something to help them,he had to go to the dems because you wouldnt,disgraceful!
Please retire! For the good of this country. Retire.
Words are cheap , shame on you
Instead of praying, try doing something useful (i.e. paying taxes) so our infrastructure can be shored up. #TaxTheRich
Praying for you and your family. Healing, Strength and Peace.Keep fighting the good fight. You truly are a hero...
Retire rino

So #JakeTapper & #CNNisISIS are ur choice of media?

U retweet them a lot
You voted against Harvey relief
#KeepYourPrayers #BloodInYourHands
We want your votes not your prayers.
People are super pissed about your decision to vote against relief funds... what else was in the bill that you didn't like?
You hypocrite!  You voted against relief.
How about voting for funding???
And Im praying for God to put you 6 feet under, you Benedict Arnold!
You voted against Harvey relief, praying does nothing, funds to rebuild does.
I'm sure they all appreciate your prayers, but a Yes vote on hurricane relief would have been better.
Maybe don't vote against Hurricane relief efforts then.
You want to talk about being "BRAVE" ?  R U KIDDING ME ? What a hypocrite.
LOL! You and Cindy can stuff your thoughts and prayers.They're of no use to those who experienced #Harvey & those of us experiencing #Irma.
Liar.
Thoughts and prayers are empty gestures. Money is what helps most.
In good conscience I cannot retweet that. Not after the trouble that you've caused.
Prayers don't rebuild lives or homes.
Prayers are meaningless. Money and labor will be needed to rebuild. Show your support by enabling THAT.
Please remember this when you vote for our federal aid.  We are being bombarded. #HurricaneIrma
And yet, you voted against harvey relief??
You going to pay for the relief for Irma?
Nothing like #Prayers to help a situation when you could actually do something! I don't really understand what's wrong w/you @SenJohnMcCain
Go home and retire in your remaining days
Thanks for the words but your not the President
Pray for a good week, will be hard
If you care so much about other people's lives why did you switch your position on destroying healthcare?
Yeah. As soon as you go back to congress, just go ahead and vote against a recovery bill. Just like in TX. And keep praying. Very useful.
And to anyone who gets injured thank God you dont have Obama care anymore, no wait forget that
Stop praying and vote for human needs.
prayers are useless, send material aid or shut up
Shame you don't care enough to vote for the relief package.
I don't always agree with you sir but I have always respected you, your opinion and your service to our country. May God bless and keep you!
Praying will do more than relief money, I guess. 

Make up your mind. No one likes a flip flopper.
If you want to help, resign.
Along with your prayers, don't you think the hurricane victims will need some money to rebuild their lives? 

You voted NO!
You are a traitor.
Shove your right wing "thoughts and prayers" bullshit UP YOUR ASS! You voted AGAINST Harvey relief.
You prayed, didn't help. Voted against relief and that directly will kill people. So thanks for prayers...
Keep your useless well wishes. You'll vote against relief aid, just like you did to Texas. Even cancer didn't help you find empathy.
Instead of praying, maybe you could have actually helped and voted in favour of hurricane relief... Just a thought...
I am so disappointed in you for voting against the Harvey Relief.
you voted AGAINST Harvey relief? really???? please tell me I have been misinformed??
LOOK AT ME I AM THE PRESIDENT
Why did you vote against Harvey relief?
But didn't you vote against all the stuff? Aren't you the guy that is against everybody that doesn't side with you…

Why did you vote against Harvey relief?  It's almost like you're an insincere fraud.
Prayers over federal relief? Wow. You astound me. And not in a good way
OOOoooooo a prayer!
That's the least you can do, literally.
that is all you can do, pray? you voted no for Harvey relief? keep praying hypocrite
Sure hope you vote in favor of relief Aid this time
Don't pray, just vote yes when we need it!!
Will you vote against aid for them like you did with Harvey?
Prayers are useless
Pray all you want you former hero.
But you voted against Harvey Relief...Nice try...
BTW, prayers don't do shit!!!
Just go away. Signed a Trump supporter
Climate change another scam for politicians to get rich. Why is it the richest people live around Washington DC? Corruption & lobbyists & U
The weather is fine here in N. Florida come on down Johnny 
And America is praying for you sir
After Harvey and Houston and now Florida, mandatory flood insurance for homes in A or B flood zones should be considered.
We pray for them as well you and hope everyone will be well
While you and Cindy are at it, say a prayer for all the people that will lose health coverage..homes, life savings because of @gop and you
But after the storm, I will most likely vote "NO" on federal aid for all those in the path of #HuricaneIrma
Hope you are feeling well, Senator.

Thank you , & God bless you & Cindy for all that you have  sacrificed for this country to keep it GREAT & SAFE
This z d most Corrpt Rat on Planet  Earth..He z trying to save his Ass nd coming to USA  His stars r not Good fr USA this time..Confirmed
Go away.
Thanks still got a roof & electric!
I'll still keep u in my thoughts & prayers even though u let American's down by supporting Grahams bill. SHAME ON YOU.
We are praying you will not come back!!!
Retire!!!!!!
Shut up, John. You've damaged more Americans then Irma ever will.
Why are you supporting the Graham-Cassidy/ACA repeal bill? How evil can you be?
Stow it Rino
If prayers could solve issues then please pray that DT becomes wiser and more reasonable!
Is Rush Limbaugh a local official. He says this is all a hoax.
This isn't a Time For bitterness. Whoever thought' humanity's Pain' an opportunity to mend the (blind). DmcC
Hay johneee You see Nancy and Chuck kickkin it with the trumpster in the oval office you know the place you used to do a monica with Obama
You'll pray for them, but no aid!
Bless you
Thank you!
So happy to see you doing so well..America needs you..prayers 
Linda
Please retire!
How much did you donate to Harvey victims and now Irma victims?  That's what I thought...NOTHING!  TRAITOR!! RESIGN!!
I wish I could care about you but you have let me and put yourself first "HEADLINE PHOTOS SHOOT MCCAIN" what a legacy, so uninspiring RETIRE
If only we can remember daily that we are one nation under God.  So proud of first responders . Prayers to all those who are in the path.
Someone needs to pray for your soul mccain turn things around and repent if u ever want to meet god
You're a globalist swamp creature Johnny, time for you too go!!
Thank u




How much did you donate your personal money? All you good as is spending our tax payer' s money. We love our president. He is the best!
Hero!!!!!!!!

Thank you, from Debra in Venice Florida. I'm hunkered down here with my husband and 84-year-old parents.
Stick to praying for the POWS and their families you destroyed when you hid their files and left them in Vietnam you traitorous scumbag.
Yep trust government officials, cause they would never lie they always have the best interest of the country at heart too
Thank you for your service Sir, now it's time to retire.
Screw you, Songbird!
Really senator? Your "no" votes against Amercan people speaks otherwise.
. Does God hear the prayers of a lying, cheating, traitor such as you traitor johnny. Only if you are truly repenting of sin.
I'm praying for you .@SenJohnMcCain 
that God may take you swiftly and end the suffering.
#MAGA
Wish John McCain would quit acting like he's a world leader.
Perhaps you have a heart after all!
Ever figure out how many houses you own John?
I pray for you to retire.
Senator, I hope you are feeling better
why don't you and Meghan go down to Florida so you can pray better
Sure you care...that is why you voted against better health care! TERM LIMITS!!!!!
Thanks John. Have you quit yet?
