Blood thinners are bad don't listen to your doctors. A stroke would benefit your health and legacy.
I know. Had a doc complaining about one in particular - Spectre. Nauseating TL. Got a good mind to turn him over to you for some whoopass.
Both of you need to pull up your skirts and put your big girl panties on. Be very afraid.
Damn girl!
 silly girl
She bitched slapped you like the punk that you are, good times snowflake!
I am sure that the Dems would be more interested in listening to you rather then your registered party.Youhad to make an egotistical speech!
How about getting to work on making America better instead of being a media hound only interested in self promotion?
McCain voted out!  Caring more about himself than us.   U are the swamp!   Obamacare supporter.  Saw ur vote.   Enjoy ur elite healthcare.
He will lie he has done it to the point he dose not know he tell half truths never really answers a question, VA is a disaster, no help
John McCain why doesn't the rest of the Republicans IMPEACH Trump ...Trump Obstructed justice IMPEACH Trump
How he got over cancer so quickly.

Can we call into tell them what we think of you



I think we have heard all we need to from YOU BACK STABBER!!!!!!!1st
Broom head, so appropriate for your petty no vote on Health Care.  Support America or go home.
It's either that or bang my thumb continually with a hammer. What the hell, the hammer is already out.
Sanctions against Russia: Russia Closer with China, Iran,India. 2. Shat on Europe
No one wants to hear what you have to say TRAITOR!
...will you tell them why you are funding terrorists in Syria and libya?
That will be a boring show. You're pathetic. #RINO
Ask how can he and staff be better than regular honest working Americans why do they get obsmacare exemptions? There is no justification ti
As they make $ and csn snd should afford the rest of us do.  Hypocritical and downright   Unamerican
Tell the people of Arizona how you betrayed them
Seems your bosom buddy Lindsey has finally seen what you really are.  A traitor to POWs, We The Ppl, & POTUS.  Take over in Sept?U R a joke
I'll take a pass .....
Who cares?  I don't. Traitor
Half brain McStain is a traitor.1st he helped the North Vietnamese kill Americans then he helped the libtards kill America.#hopecancerwins.
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace

Discuss the 110% increase in insurance premiums.  Mr.Songbird.
You can talk sh!t from home.
Like I said before as bad as Obama was for eight years could you imagine having this guy life has passed you by please retire
The poor people of Arizona have two senators that are complete traitors to their party and to the country
Are you going to announce your retirement then I'll listen that's the only thing that matters you are finished
I would rather shoot myself in the head then listen to you
Thanks for all your hard work. I hope you take time to rest.
Hope you discuss you're tax payer subsidized   medical insurance
are you going to be announcing your retirement!
How many other demos are you having on besides johnny mccain? Get some air freshener, garbage will smell your studio up.
HELP, PLEASE.... NO MORE BANDAGES!!  Go after healthcare companies!!!!! Seniors should not have to choose between food and Meds!!
Insurance bc companies paid all ..why, bc it was affordable for them!!  It costs me $10 to have my son.  There is something wrong w/America
No BANDAYs!!!  We had too many of those since 2008!  #Paul Ryan needs to read my tweets.  I worked 40 hrs in 1995, did not have to pay for
PLEASE support the American ppl of all ages, race and income to make healthcare suitable for the ppl.  Senate needs to get it done!!

Why is it so difficult to crack down and do the right thing?  We R being ripped off in front of everyone's eyes.  AND PLEASE, NO SKINNY BILL
You, Collins & Murkowski are the 3 dishonorables.  Please switch parties.#DrainTheRINOSwamp
How about you listen to the American people you 2 time #Traitor. You need to look for a new career,, your time is up. #Sickfreak
5 of 5- This does not take a rocket scientist to figure out.  It amazes me that there aren't restrictions on these companies!!  Why??
People in your own state have seen the largest increase in ACA premiums! Your constituents have abandoned u! Just retire!And resign!
Hopefully you'll discuss your upcoming retirement RINO
You're a liar and traitor who killed 133 sailors because you thought you were a hot shot. You got off because of your father.
Just more stumping from a traitor! You will no longer be a senator after next election!
4 of 5- our leaders cannot crack down on this!  This should be #1 in the process.  It costs just as much for Meds w/ or w/o ins.  It's crazy
Sen McFraud, are you going to tell listeners that you're a total hypocrite? #DrainTheSewer
Bye
Well John Boy..the president signed your sanctions bill let's start working with our president now and stop your grand standing for the dems
3 of 5 - so much more in this country for medicine and care than majority of other countries.  Please help me and the citizens (4 and a 5)
Please talk about the #ForeverGIBill leadership needs to bring this vote to floor passed house 405 to 0
No thanks Mr democrat. I'll be trying to come up with money to pay for my Obamacare insurance
2 of 3 - for the whole country?  For years and years, pharmaceutical companies AND health insurances rip off the American people!!  It costs
Trump is gonna cut off your Congess illegal funding of their insurance
#Traitor & #Fraud
1 of 3-Senator McCain, how come Republicans and Democrats are having such a hard time creating a smart healthcare plan and lowering cost
Talk about North Korea and you thoughts on Senator Graham comments. John what did Mitchy say to you after your patriotic thumbs down?
I liked you once upon a time...but like Hillary, it's time to throw in the towel and go away...said in the nicest way possible
REPUBs Working with DEMs is the only way to solve the 'For Profit' healthcare Problem we have in America.  No corporate lobbyists allowed.
Who wants to listen to your lying A$$. U are a traitor and I hope Trump takes your pardon away.
You are new in my héroes list.
Wish you were going to be on TV so I could see you sporting your pink pu$$y cape you got from  @PPact...
Gonna announce you're leaving the Republican party for the Democrat party today?  Finally.....
Please retire. You're a traitor.
Please Arizonans demand to know why he lied to you about Obamacare - he is a fraud.
He did not lie. He Senator John McCain wants the best for Arizona and he knew the Republican party was rushing something they had no clue of
Just so the Republicans can say see we passed a bill that won't take effect until after 2018. Then blame Obama. Parties should work together
When r u switching parties to reflect ur true colors? Just curious si ce u vote as revenge instead of what's right
With a surprise guest....The Grim Reaper 
Please discuss how you undermine our Predident and the Republican Party.   He is a far better President than you would have ever been.
John McCain is a traitor to the country.  Yes he was a war hero now he impedes on the progress of conservatism

DEAD RINO ON THE RADIO
Please continue to galvanize your fellow Republicans against the Trump-caused malaise infecting the GOP.  Stand up for USA, decency, & law.
Please just go into retirement .

Best of luck Senator. Thanks for your vote on health care. I am a life long Democrat but you've always been my favorite Republican.
Hard pass.
Better known as "The McCain Show".
Won't be listening to you EVER again!
To tell them how you sold out to Democrats to spite Trump...? Probably not.
