more arms? just crazy!
.@SenJohnMcCain you did the right things in Vietnam. My heart breaks for how u suffered. Pls do the right thing again & help get rid of DT!
Another war he started is lost by McCain and his masters the MIC.

From Vietnam to Syria McCain seems always be the LOSER.
can no longer speak for yourself john? gotta send ppl to a fake news opinion site? you would resign is you were a true Patriot of USA, john.
Swe
Thanks for your Service Sen.McCain! . Please hold President to these imperatives!
Use your power to stop this mad man.  He's going to ruin our country. #ImpeachPlease
Worry about USA. Russians are dividing us via comrade Trump who is too stupid to understand. Your silence is now part of the problem
When will u, the ONLY "R" alive I have any faith in, do something against this sham of a president?? I was a life long "R" until recently.
Me too.  But I've now lost faith in McCain too.  He doesn't seem to care.  We need to vote them all out.
@SenJohnMcCain U know #tRUMP will sell arms to #Saudis & other #Kleptocrats & #Dictators

But there is NO WAY tRUMP will sell arms 2 UA
Putin won't let Trump do this.
You becoming a traitor now too John?
He just seems to sway toward party much more than he pretends to be for COUNTRY and TRUTH
You are obsessed with the Ukraine. Sounds like you are paid off. George Soros and Hillary and Obama created all the turmoil in that country.
Arming Ukraine will just perpetuate more war and violence.  Advocate Peace, not War.   USA is an arm supplier to the World.
Trump is not going to arm Ukraine. Putin won't let him.
.@SenJohnMcCain And you were close friends with KEATING?! Didn't your mom ever tell you that you're known by the company you keep?
Trump's weakness with Putin is based on loyalty and gratitude for helping him to win. Trump is more loyal to Putin than to the U.S.
How can you count on him to do anything rational?  Have you seen his feed today?  I hope you're working on this.
Screw ukraine!!
It's time to manage the bomb in the WH
Arm all or alliances!

POTUS 2 meet w Putin who attacked our election & congress hasn't started impeachment? If Putin bombed polling place is that war? #complicit
John, DO SOMETHING. SET A HARD LINE! CREATE A DIVIDE! BE PASSIONATE!!! HAVE A HEART AND SAVE OUR COUNTRY!!!
Old man, do you think Ukraine stands any chance with Russia? Clearly your agenda is just about selling arms for business. What if Mexico ...

Is there anyone in US government who chose public service so they could accomplish this today?

https://goo.gl/5qMDhy 
hi hi hi.Not good.
Catch word "opportunity"
Let's arm the heck out of the Ukraine!!
Nation build? Neo-con
It's not nation building. It's fighting against Russian aggression in Ukraine and helping Ukraine take back Crimea from Putin.
The slogan is Let's fight with the Russians until the last Ukrainian
But johny I thought trump was in bed with putin..this will tick the russians off
On that I can agree with you. It was a disgrace that under Obama all we did was send MREs, that's "Meals Ready to Eat" for all you Lefties.
Good, do it!!!
GOP needs to save this country from #45
Unfortunately @POTUS doesn't always listen to words of the wise. Let's hope this time he's agreeable.
Trump gets his marching orders from his Russian daddy ol Vladdy
Forget about it
.....no idea and depth of what is needed to be done.Then you could also make sure he doesn't forgive any sanctions!Please DJT+Putin=trouble!
Senator, if you go along with Trump, he couldn't say no if you asked, you could be sure these policies were discussed!We both know Trump has
if trump is in charge, that means Putins in charge.when will you people stand up for country over party.POTUS, insane
They didn't for Obama who tried to destroy america; lying communist traitor.
It just another proxy war front.  Thank the Germans & French for fouling this up.  Play on our self-inflated ego. Pipelines for EU & we get?
Never missed a chance to waste money on war. Stop this nonsense and state a position on saving healthcare for 22 million people.
He'll have to check with Putin before he does, so I doubt he will let him.
Thanks a lot for Ukraine,dear Mr.Senator.
Turn that foreign focus frown upside down.  Simplify tax code&work w GOP congress&prez to replaceACA w something better for us here at home.
Trump will probably be too busy tweeting some insult at some woman to do anything productive like this. Thx for the suggestion though John.
Hell will freeze over before Trump does anything to displease his pal Putin
Fortunately for the world he seems to have abdicated his role as Commander-in-Chief to the likes of James Mattis and H.R. McMaster.
How about you save the country please
Advance the interests ofUS citizens by passing tax&healthcare reform, budget,&creating a gov climate for strong private industry job growth.
John it's fake news how would they know. All of this non sense has made me distrust anything I read half of what I see. None of what I hear
What part of "you are irrelevant shut up" do you not understand? No one want to listen to a traitor. Go cry to George Soros & your handlers
You know, with only words and no action, @SenJohnMcCain, you yourself become more and more complicit every single day.
You must be having another senior moment. It's ok. Nana coming.
Reality is, none of the @GOP, including you, @SenJohnMcCain will do a damned thing when @POTUS just chums up even more to Putin.

Act.
Has he run this past Putin yet?
I have not decided yet. Thx. #Tatiana
Good luck with that! Who is going@to monitor @POTUS soirée with @PutinRF_Eng ?
Translation- my military industrial complex backers need the profits!
