Where was you great sense of responsibility with Clinton, or Obama, Benghazi, the IRS?? You phony, traitorous, Soros controlled  
Benghazi has been proven no wrong doing.
What was your problem with President Obama?
You know what the problem was for most of these jerks.  They couldn't deal with his intelligence and the fact that he was aloof.  They would
Omg. Had no clue about debt, his ties to the Botherhood, NWO. Screwing Israel with billions to Iran. Thought he was a rockstar.
Wait until you are trying to pick up the pieces after a Trump presidency....the man hasn't even read the Constitution, no diplomacy
We certainly need another honest constitutionalist like Obama in chargeAre you for real  or just a trolling???
Even someone who could articulate a coherent thought would be nice.
"If you like your  you can keep your " Articulated & Coherent enough for you?? Or Benghazi was caused by a movie
Needs to include Clinton approval of sale of 20% of USA's uranium, Podesta getting millions from Russia, Obama hot mic comment
Congress must investigate how McCain acquired from foreigners a tabloid dossier intended to influence American election. Support @POTUS
IMPEACHMENT NOW
He really could make this country great again if not blocked by ignorant liberal agenda it's amazingly demented
care to explain how?
stop hating and at least compromise  I don't have all the answers not a politician didn't hate Obama but he hurt this country.
He is a fraud and criminal.  #IROC
You like the rest of Congress will do nothing as usual but you will tell Americans you are fighting for us, right? Time for Term Limits!
Hey mccain....if you think Russia is more of a threat to the US than isis, you're more ignorant than we all thought!
Could you please focus on the voter fraud right hear at Ali polling stations much bigger threat.
Thank you Senator McCain.  Russia has been successful in undermining our Democracy.  There is a problem when Americans think that it is a
If you go with the Democratic Party with impeachment you will pay the real price with you being kick out of congress for good
I am calling for your impeachment in congress for treason acts against America people and wasting money on investigation that is false
Focus on who killed Seth Rich.
Why weren't U concerned about Russia's involvement long time ago?U know Russia & other countries have been meddling in elec 4 decades.
Shut up old man. We have seen your own Kremlin ties from 2008. #Traitor

So which do you think Trump will be fitted with when he is forcibly removed from the White House? A straight jacket or handcuffs?
That's right you're Canadian go back
Oh look it's the traitor John McCain opening his mouth again and deceiving the American people
Deputy #AG

Upcoming close door session with #Senate

the world awaits u blabbing about it

#Comey
#WitchHunt
#democRATS
#GOPe #RINO's
@realDonaldTrump achieved something he NEVER will... @POTUS

#McCain't nutt'n but a #RINO

#Comey

#PresidentTrump
#WitchHunt
Here's the point: Russia is a foreign enemy that tampered with our Democratic process. Trump's closeness to them is not acceptable. #Treason
Do you know who Seth Rich is This is the cover up Wikileaks not Russia   Ask the questions educate yourself MCCain #traitor  and wants war
Writing is not your strong suit, Wally.
Shut up. Please. Just shut up. #Alzheimers
Thank @SenJohnMcCain
Now Tramp is the president you should stand with him
John, I realize you are a pure RINO but how about actually accomplishing something in the Senate.  Enough grandstanding.  Fix healthcare!
Blah blah blah MCCAIN and LINDSEY both just flap their lips.  Look at how they vote with Trump all the time!!!!! https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes 
6 out of 10 Trump voters aren't even real Americans.  They've been  infiltrating social media and News comments sections long before Trump.
really? You are wasting our tax payer $$. Who are? Who have you become? You are a sad man!
The biguest virous to this Country is not Russia it is TRUMP once you eleminate IT from OUR Americas Hard Drive WE ALL BE OK
Comparing it to watergate early means you don't care about facts wake up and represent AZ and stop thinking your opinuon means anything. AZ!
It's all talk. If you want to keep your cushy senate seat, you gotta do something, John
In this crazy mess, yours is the only voice I trust.
McCain must feel right at home doing interviews on MSNBC or CNN. This guy does not want change or to make America great again
Russia is not the enemy. CONGRESS is the ENEMY of the PEOPLE, and YOU carry the flag of ISIS. TRAITOR!
How could u support Lieberman as head of @FBI when he works 4 the same firm Trump hired? Meaning Trump pays Lieberman. U don't see conflict?
How is Andrew Mc Cabe in FBI when his wife took Hundreds of thousands $ from Hillary Clinton?
But in the interview McCain had the gall to say that the Democrats were holding up appointments!
GOP so narrow minded they only care about passing agenda 2 benefit rich & screw over everyone else even willing 2 cover up 45s crimes!
There was NO interference! What about Obama's interference with Isreal's election? Where was that investigation?
All talk no action Russians have always interfered with the elections but now it's a big deal because we finally have a great President.
You are a real piece of work. A traitor, and slanderer of the president. When are you going to stand up for our president???
If some Republicans team up with Democrats to try to undo @Trump then that is d beginning of the end of d Republican party. Be wise!
I'm a Nigerian n it really surprises me how Republicans in d US r allowing defeated Dems to drag them along a path of hate against 1 man!
You sir are pathetic. I voted for @kelliwardaz
If you like him there is no way he is a good choice.
Sen.JohnMcCain,TY4Taking AStand.NeedCongressionalSelect CommitteeOrIndependentCommissionToGetAnswersToRussia'sInfluenceOnTrump&OurNation.
Only investigation needed done is you and the Democratic Party working with the deep state to overthrow our president which is treason
You need to stand behind #POTUS.You are tearing your own party apart.Please unite. Not good for the American people and party.We r watching
Why didn't Hillary and Podesta turn there servers over to the fbi after claiming they where hacked by the Russians.Seth Rich investigation
Hideous waste of time.
John, did you NOT hear ?Feinstein & Grassley have repeatedly said " no evidence of collusion". You are a petty little man. You lost (R) nom.
McCain just wants to see himself on TV.  He's a RINO and needs to get out of office!
There was a lot of wrong doing in Benghazi.  Our people were left to die by the Obama/Clinton administration.  We all know that!

Do you remember when Russia gave Intel to the FBI and the Obama administration on the Boston bombers, and they still did nothing. Retire JM!
Mr. McCain has moved farthest in the investigation, even acquired a stable form of schizophrenia with delusions of persecution by Russia
#ImpeachMcCain
Why are you, supposedly a Republican, pushing a Podesta/Mook fantasy?
WHY DOES #CONGRESS REFUSE TO CALL REAL EXPERT WITNESSES THAT AMERICANS ACTUALLY WANT TO HEAR FROM?
We the American people know the truth. Social media is the new media. Obama, Hillary & the #DEMS made up this fake Russia story. Enough...
We the American people know the truth. Social media is the new media. We are disgusted our tax $$$$ is being wasted on fake scandals.
We the American people know the truth. Social media is the new media. We are disgusted our tax $$$$ is being wasted on fake scandals.
Americans are disgusted with Congress. Stop wasting time with this Russian fairtale. We want Seth Richs murder investigated. He's the leaker
Americans are disgusted with Congress. Stop wasting time with this Russian fairtale. We want Seth Richs murder investigated. He's the leaker
Americans are disgusted with Congress. Stop wasting time with this Russian fairtale. We want Seth Richs murder investigated. He's the leaker
Americans are disgusted with Congress. Stop wasting time with this Russian fairtale. We want Seth Richs murder investigated. He's the leaker
Russia may have tried to interfere BUT quit giving credence to Russia / Trump collusion nonsense.  It's fake news.  Ask to see the evidence
How long is this going to take?  Set a deadline June 30. The House and  Senate is obstructing fellow Americans tax and healthcare reform.
Really stupid!  How Come No One Mentions That The Russian Trail Leads To Democratic Lobbyists via @forbes
Why don't you ask o include Obama and Hillary on the Russian investigation? Which side of America are you trying to protect? Get out!!!!
With all due respect Sir, it's way past time you supported our president. Also, hard to believe  you don't see how very flawed Coney was.
We need to think about our country and not ourselves and our personal agendas .  Lets not behave like those democrats.
please tell us more about the fake dossier and your secretive trip to the mid-east a few months ago.
Where is the investigation on the intelligence leak of classified information?  Where is the investigation on the Sec of state or the DOJ?
You allow yourself to be played by Dems. What a fall from grace...war hero to Dem pawn. Comey is a nut job. W killed your political career
GOP Senators @marcorubio & others tell Americans to stop "paying attention to Russia scandal". USA is under attack by Russia via a cyber war
You're ashamed of your own performance in your lame attempts to be elected POTUS. Lead, follow, or get out of the way. You sure can't lead.
RINO. RETIRE. RETIRE RINO. YOU HOLD BACK AMERICA.
I'm looking forward to a grand jury subpoena of you into "Dossier" you red-handedly passed to Comey in conspiracy to take down @POTUS. #DTS
We actually don't need a special counsel because there isn't any crime.  Think John, think.
Ya- damn Ruskies, we are totally not hacking them or massing troops on their borders. GO WAR!!!  It's not gonna increase US DEBT, right?
U are just like the rest ,trying to impeach Trump.
U are supposed to investigate to see if there was even a crime, you don't use a prosecutor, Congress can do that and determine that, & appt
A hero 40 yrs ago isn't a license to sell your soul to the devil now! You should be standing with the POTUS not against!
You are a Deep State, anti America Globalist! In over a yr Nothing has been found against Trump! Worried about term limits? Draining Swamp?

You look right where you ought to be. Maybe MSN will give you your own show. Could be called "Odd Ball".
Don't look too hard, they obviously helped get you re-elected.
McCain, you are a weasle and a liar! Thank God you never won the Presidency!  You are part of the Swamp that needs drained.
You lost. Just like your best friend Hillary. Please hush and retire. Save yourself some respect and do it soon.
You know he feels the BURN of a SUCCESSFUL @POTUS! Dog always go back to their VOMIT! dude needs to retire!FIRE CAREER POLITICIANS PARASITES
Congress needs to back off & let the special prosecutor handled it! Witch hunt!
Please speak to our past involvement in other countries elections. Israel?? And you are so outraged at Russia.
I'm sure Congress can speed up their investigation if you will just hire Fusion GPS to prepare a fake, Russian dossier...
Because of your fake British Intel dossier?  Smh
Use every mechanism available to discover and prevent abuse of power and to ensure the health of our democracy for future generations.

You're a sick man! You got away with treason already. You would think you would be counting your blessings by now.Power or money which is it
Your hero days are over John.  It's time to face today's USA challenges.. You are totally lacking in today's America John.
John..  drop your sour grapes that you couldn't win in 2008.  Either support the GOP or get out.  I vote you get out!
Lets focus on the border wall, the budget, taking care of our Veterans. Not on the Fake News. You need to fix the problems not make problems
When will you stand up for all of us voting for Our POTUS.
Independent investigation, please! We deserve to know what was/is happening!
Reps are weak and pathetic.  I will never vote for U fools again.  We elected DJT - if you won't respect the voters, we will not support you
Delusional, to say the least!
Dude, go away
Please giving them to much credit and to be honest this public witch hunt gives them more credit!
Unbelievable how many ignorant Americans still don't accept that Russia is actively trying to destroy our democracy. We need to stop Russia.
Sen. McCain, Thank you for understanding what a problem this is with the Russians, or any other country, interfering in our elections.
#TermLimits for you especially. And all future members of congress. #DrainTheSwamp
Retire you old fool.  FYI I DID NOT vote for you in 2008. I voted FOR PALIN and against your good Marxist friend Obama.
Need an independent prosecutor to look into the McCain Foundation money laundering.  Songbird
Please sit down, go away, & shut up
Where were you, Senator, while Russia and China built strong cyber technology as Obama was laying waste to OUR MILITARY! 
HANG IT UP! #PJNET

We THE PEOPLE who voted 4 our POTUS  stand by him 100% & expect all u republican weak senators 2 stand by Him &.stop stabbing him in d back
When do you and @LindseyGrahamSC begin to stand in support of your party. Unless you two are starting a new party , I don't get it.
Very disappointed in you sir.
With all Due Respect Senator McCain,  SHUT UP!!
But you're not so concerned about the LAST election, only future ones? 
Time has come and gone, you have lost touch, you do nothing for, we the people, step down, retire while you can still sign the documents.
Like this?  
You are promoting a lie having decided #russia is guilty with no evidence just like your pre invasion tactics dodgy dossier false flag lies
So,you need a full investigation so an investigation can take place? Evidence, even probable cause, would be nice. #NutJob
If his is talking he is lying.
The patriots of this nation need to move forward and form citizen panels to expose and hold accountable the crooks in #DC
Where is your evidence?  Surely you have more to go on than a news story from "anonymous" sources?
Senator please tell your colleagues in the Senate to STOP saying "I am concern" about Trump scandals. They need to speak clearly.
Why did you supply the #fakedossier to FBI? Could you be the leaker?Are you still trying to take Trump out?#saturdaymorning #draintheswamp
Step down, Senator. Your pettiness and lack of support for our President is sickening. Starting to believe claims of your being a traitor.
fine but then you should point out there is evidence of nothing
TRAITOR!!!!!!
You are SENILE! JUST GO AWAY already!
You belong in a home.
please retire!
I think since sessions had to recuse himself he might have some time for something different like wikileak McCain scandal
Now maybe I can direct a message to mr. Sessions to check out that wikileak email of course you could always recuse yourself right
Congress also must look at other Wikileaks documents Johnny Boy like you asking Russia for campaign contributions Johnny Boy
Remember Johnny Boy when you were running for president I had your sticker on my vehicle but I have seen the light or the wikileak document
Special counsel can handle, get to work on other issues.
McCain, your all crooked as sin.  Clean your trash out of your own backyard and ask forgiveness from God & try one and all to act honorable
I supported Obama more than Trump. You are a disgrace & U are not representing the American ppl who voted him in. Get on board or get out.
Retire songbird
McCain loves the game of politics and doesn't give a rats ass about the future of the country. #MAGA

In 3 years you would still repeat the same mantra John
Just resign fake war hero!
The man is ex-military. He knows the meaning of the phrase "give no quarter".

THAT is what should happen.
RINO alert

u get more and more pathetic with each passing day. Resign. #DrainTheDeepState #DrainTheSwamp #RINO
Congress must still move fwd w/ full investigation of #Russia's interference in election so we can defend, deter & respond to future attacks 
Do your job and fix the shit box democrats left us with
how about we actually pass some stuff in congress that helps the economy this year? did you forget that is your job, songbird?
Keep the fairy tale alive and well Senator...shame on you!!!
define "interference". like google "fixing" searches? the same election where HRC won popular vote? so russia influenced elector college?
Is it bad for me to wish that your daughter Mega McCain would just sit on your face until you stop speaking, forever?
You do the peoples work for Arizonans. Get to work. You work for THEM
You are a communist, I can't wait til you are gone
Pack your stuff. You're no conservative
Why are you such a puppet?
Can we swap you for @Sen_JoeManchin?
