What are you lying about now? Just Retire and let Arizona hire a real Republican.
What have you done to serve this nation that compares to what Sen McCain has done?
Paid the tax's that allowed him to screw us all.
Doesn't compare.  And although you have a right to your opinion, there are millions more Americans who disagree.  Could we all be wrong?
McCain  Lost the Privilege of my respect. He has turned into your garden variety Marxist. A hater of the American Constitution
Putin won again. just get used to it
Stop dreaming about WW3 mc cain
And DT withdraws support for the rebels fighting Assad.  Impeach!
Why dont you go over there and show them whats what...
LOL!  Communism doesn't support Christianity.  Where did the writer come up with this propaganda.
And?
Not surprising u promised to lead repeal of Obummercare...but instead your legacy is lying to American people
praying for you. only republican I ever voted for. God Bless you
This is coming to you from John McShame - The Rino Senator!
What have you done to serve our Country that parallels what Sen McCain has done?  I'll bet nothing.
traitorous
Now Senator, you are paying so much of Obama's reckless foriegn policy that led 2 the erection of the Russian power again ..
I thought the orange idiot stopped this?
Американцы, какого черта, вы лезете в Сирию, в Венесуэлу, в Россию, в Иран? Вы поймите, что однажды Россия  настучит вам по голове!
President Putin supports a criminal and trades with Syrian blood
Screw you mccain. You are just trying to distract attention from the fact that you are wagging your tail in front of schumer for attention.
Asad & Putin are good and wonderful people
You are the evil one
You block healthcare & go right back to your favorite subject; war.  Thanks Rino.
Senator McCain, you are a back stabbing Rino and you please retire ASAP.
McCain solidifies his political gains for backing Soros.

F!!! Them. Supply rebels with any weapons they need and give them green light to fight Assad, Russian, Iranian,Hezbolah until the end!!!
I appreciate your "must-read" tweets. Thanks.
Would love to airlift u to Syria, wit hopes incoming gets u r 1st round
Some American citizen you are, Maureen Cosgrove.  You do, however, have the right to free speech no matter how ugly & self defeating it is.
@CNNPolitics Please investigate all Trump/Republican supporters on Twitter.  It appears 99% profiles were created after Trump's Presidency!
Good try . That's CNN. U should have learned when 
CNN fudged the polls and u fell for it.
Classic example of a fake account only weeks old
Still waiting for Trump to sign the new sanctions bill.
He doesn't have to
Actually, its set up so he can't veto it.  Also states he intends to sign it.

John mccain is show more leadership then trump will ever,or at least a little respect for the USA!!
Your full of We're not paying attention to U about anything! We know who&what UR!So sit down& shut t He up! Pay some attention2your wife
@HouseJudiciary if we have someone in violation of treason within our government? What is citizens recourse?
McCain... I'll go to war with you before you sell me on fakenews reasons to fight people. This is our country not just yours like dictator.
Please stop you are done. No more war
Where were you? Obama did this and you crooks did nothing! All a chess game full of greed and ego's!
Sure, whatever sellout. They should Look into collusion between you and Russia
Yes. Unlike you, Russia supports a legitimate government rather than ISIS. Triggered??
Did you post this story so Americans will forget about the back stabbing you did? Post some more pretty pictures of you, that will help!
I guess you're and your gal pal Grahamnesty are still hung up on arming ISIS!
Johnny boy, you are wrong. These are ISIS, ypu know...you met with them...along with the rebels, remember the weapons funneled from Libya?
WHY is Syria OUR responsibility?? Get the hell out of the middle east and let them kill each other off!!! The barbarians will find their way
Thanks to obama
No regime change required in Syria.  The people of Syria are free now that ISIS has been crushed. Oh yeah, Trump stopped the US $funds
TRAITOR
I know you will help the innocent Syrians to receive Justice! Assad must be charged with crimes against humanity & those who help him also.
Syria asked me for help...

Just go John, credibility is at a all time low.
If YOU as the GOP don't trust 45, why should the country? It's past time for 45 to go!
Throw out the trash ~~ 45
For you all to feel you need to set up measures to FORCE 45 to sign a bill~~ YOU DONT TRUST 45! Who's going to be man/woman to impeach?
Sellout,  are you mad bro?  Piece of   #SongbirdMcCain
Why don't you go I've there and get some more pictures with Isis,  sickness.  #NotAHero
Thanks to Obama for not enforcing "RED LINE"
@piersmorgan And trump ignores THIS so he can berate republican senators
So sad how trump has given up american leadership around the world
This is what congress sat by & let Obama create.  He just about destroyed America. Please resign.  People R suffering & you are a democrat.
Don't make friends with terrorists or cute farm animals because they're gonna die.
Yes because we all know what a great job Americans have done in the Middle East!
my be putin wants to realize the commandments of peter the great in middle east
You put your childish motives you have towards TRUMP over your vote. This is your legacy.
Asad is the legal president of Syria. Don't touch him and take care of your own country. You'd better retire it's enough to make ppl laugh
Too easy for Pootin with a Trumpy in charge.
@WSJopinion Your a loser McCain and always will be.
So johnny is your solution to give more arms to al queda?
And your answer is what? Back ISIS? Sometimes there are no good solutions. Step back, watch, and let them sort there own issues.
Trump is a disgrace to America and the laughingstock of the world. It is up to republicans to do something about it!
How cares who they back as long as it's not ISIS! And the other terrorist groups!
Putin's means for advancing in Syria has been installing Trump in the presidency. Glad you did the right thing on healthcare, now impeach!
In other news, John McCain votes to keep working families paying outrageous insurance premiums. What a guy.
Seriously you and your fellow Congress members need to get Trump out before he completely destroys America. Fear Civil war or WW3 in future
A perfect example of a politician.  Says one thing and does another.  You deserve Obamacare.
And Trump helps them in their quest. Trump is a traitor and a criminal. When will congress do their job and impeach him?
..ISIS are the rebels that people like McCain were funding to use as an excuse to invade Syria.
And your R prez supports Putin "assistance" in Syria. So when are you going to be the first R to draw up the Articles of Impeachment?
Big thanks to the current President of the USA....
God help us...
Please get well Sen McCain.  We need your leadership on these issues now more than ever.  Praying for your recovery.
you know we went and messed up their country russia goes in to help there allied and we bash them as aggressive and 90% to dumb to know
There is more what is happening in Syria, they just not giving us the bigger picture. George Soro's funding terrorist groups there!
Сдохни, гад
McCain is a total fraud!! First he campaigns against O'Care and then he votes to keep it. His F'ing brain is shot.
Please do what you can to stand up to our Putin-loving POTUS. Thanks...
...OMG...Russia and iran are coming to get us...run for our lives :)
Go out on sick leave and retire, McCain. You've done more than your share of damage to AZ and America!
Hanoi John priorities r misplaced. They sure r not with citizens of the United States. Obsessed anti Putin. Unless he can buy dirt on @POTUS
Have you, and the rest of Congress insist and demand Trump to sign the Sanctions Bill into law before it died in a pocket veto? ??!!!!????

Healthcare for all at an affordable price Bipartisanship is key fix ACA change the name if you must Make it work for the sake of the people
RESIGN #MAGA
This thanks to @realDonaldTrump Keep pushing Sen God speed your recovery We need you, you are one of the few voices of reason
Says all the leftist to a republican.  Great work mccain
While POTUS tweets!
Get some treatment and rest up, sir.  We got this till you're back.
You have NO interest in the Syrian people, you are only interested in fighting your proxy war with Russia.
Hmmm.  Maybe you shouldn't of weakened it by giving weapons to rebels that created Isis.
.@realdonaldtrump @gop RESIGN OR #recallmccain You are no longer fit for office YOU can no longer conduct AZ Business
https://twitter.com/DRUDGE/status/891838462625816578 …
#ObamaCareFail
Must read...your promises to repeal and replace Obamacare...sad...let down the middle class...they take the biggest hit
Good folks are hurting on Obamacare when are you going to fix it.
He fought for his country with his http://life.you  can trust his judgement .
Keating 5
Liar.
So you'd rather have a sham tax cut disguised as a fix? I'd prefer an actual fix.
Why hasn't Trump signed the sanctions bill yet????
Same reason he opposes Mueller inquiry, why Kushner/Sessions/Flynn etc "forgot" Russian mtgs on their forms, etc: He's in Putin's pocket.
Because the Oil and Military-Contractor Donor$ want a pipeline across Syria and more war, and Assad isn't playing ball.
And because John McCain never met an excuse for war that he didn't like.
Go back to @WelcomeVietNam YOU are getting Voted Out! So clam up!
Yet, crickets from Trump - who sadly is our president.
Love love love TRUMP!
I'm very sorry that your brain tumor has John McCain
Very frightening
DT has given Putin Syria....
You need to be concerned with our healthcare! not Syria hero!
Well we know ur President won't do anything. Hope u do well w the treatments 2 come. Thoughts & prayers r w u.
Is this NEWS 2 U? YEAH OUR news media has informed us, thanks. GOP still on PUTIN Payroll. GOP IS ALL CROOKED &WANTS US DEAD
Agreed
John why don't you pay more attention to Health Care reform instead of worrying about Russia
Both are important issues.
...while the sanctions bill gathers dust on Trump's desk.
10 days
Not going to arm Islamists because you can't get along with @POTUS.
Russia isn't one of our top 20 issues!
Your medical bills would've been much much higher if the skinny repeal had passed.
My company's premiums were rising 11% year over year before ACA. Now just 3%. Huge improvement to our bottom line.
We are all hoping for your swift recovery and a return to the Senate, where our nation needs you more than ever to stand up against tyranny.
Sic'Em' Sen McCain
