Why didn't trump work with congress on this?
Needed to be swift and a surprise
A surprise?Then why did he give Putin a heads up?There was another chemical attack today. Planes flying out of the same base with WMD.A show
They didn't have enough time to move anything, was my point.Talking about it for a week with congress totally telegraphs it,with time 2react
It's Seems Syrian People don't feel  Assad is a dictator Murderer at all!He has Protected the Christians there!LIES
the guy who was shot down telling the new guy how to conduct an air strike???
I honestly wish u'd never go on CNN. U have a choice, they should b ur last stop. We may not agree on things but stop dumping on Trump
JM had to sit on a phone book to reach the desk.
You need to get your head on straight and stop praising the failed Syria strike.  Congress should be a check on an erratic pres.
Who did we bomb John
Why would u praise a disgraceful man. War is that what u want. ?Your priorities r wrong, he's a monster and u betrayed us
https://twitter.com/missourigirl72/status/851129538507665409 …
You can't be serious that you believe these strikes are anything but a ruse to get Donny Baby's #s up and move toward lifting sanctions
Hey Senator, lets go for regime change in Syria. Its the new American Way. I bet ISIS would do a super job at running Syria.
have you seen the "Inside Trumps Life @RogueLeaks " WH LEAKERS FROM FEB 1 saying it was planned to start WW3 on April 7?
Mr.McCain, I have to looked to you to reach across the aisle on many occasions. Since Mr. Kennedy died you're about the only-
-reasonable politician left. However I can't defend you any longer. You sold us out when you went with Gorsuch.
- it seems clear, that you're going to wear money and special interest will take you. Money can't buy anything. SAD.
*where not wear*
$140 m and the runways are operational? JUST A PR STUNT?
WASTE OF MONEY AND RESOURCES. If you are going to do a job, do it right.
Fake news Strike embarrassing failure exposing US military a has been like Mcain. Only 4 killed didn't even hit airstrip. 100million + cost.
EVIL #SaudiArabia Forced FOREIGN Prisoners To Help #ISIS In #Syria! @amnestypress #UnitedNations @RT_com @RT_America @drudgeheadlines @msnbv
McCain why did you vote to go nuclear when you said you wouldn't regarding SCOTUS nominee? Please retire. You have 0 moral authority
u r a hawk but something smells. Russia was warned and they knew chemicals were to be used,
Trump said Mexico  will pay for border not our taxes. No funding for wall. #NoWall Check out Democrats strong points against wall
Make him answer his sexist and arrogant "hair on fire" rant. McCain is out of touch with what AZ wants on border. Trafficking will continue
changing your name to John 'wanna fight Russia and cost American lives, why wont you just do it already' McCain
Rand has more influence than you think putz. He's a better man than you as well.
You said nuclear option a "dark day" and yet YOU voted yea.Dark is dark.  Don't sugar coat it with excuses re: Dems.
McCain is a sell out. Lost all respect for you
You're really going to blame Obama? After Congress refused to sanction strikes on Syria in 2013? Your redemption dance just died once again.
McCain doesn't care about the American people. Pathetic that people believe this. I'm sure the PR mainstream media plays a roll in this. 
Sen. McCain, if you stand by while this treasonist president gets us all blown to kingdom come, you will have to answer to the guy upstairs!
Why dont you explain how arming the FSA would be like arming Al Queda & that is why we didnt vote for HRC?  @realDonaldTrump
will you put country and constitution before party now? 
@CNNSitRoom @wolfblitzer
He already has
You are not fooling conservatives with your words. All you want is war with Russia for the globalists.
Be assertive. Subpoena #SusanRice. Get the facts. The American people deserve no less.  From one vet to another #MAGA
Reports that Syrian air base was evacuated before US strike. Trump gave Putin a heads up..Syria given heads up by Russia. An expensive show.
Funny how Putin was given the heads up about the strike. No planes were hit & runway is intact...& being used again. This was a sham.
It's obvious now that you are nothing more than your Orange God's lackey.  I honestly thought you had a spine & some integrity.


A day ago, we were preparing to discuss Jared Kushner lying about his meetings with the Russians. Now it's all Syria. Trump 1, U.S. Media 0. 
Who cares what John McCain thinks
Obama's mistake was to honor the constitution asking Congress for approval & they did NOTHING as usual! Take the blame yourselves!
The head up the ass far left and the pole up the ass far right are choking for air. Turn to the middle where most of us reside.
Germany surpassed the Soviet Union, and what happened to Germany 1941-1945
Against Russia you are weak)) you can not even take Mosul for a year))))
36 missiles did not fly, technique US))
US state terrorism.
Russia is creating an unmanned zone for you rusty planes, and pushing ships. Now you and the nose in Syriado not push more.
McCain gets an erection every time the US bombs any country. "Woooo... my arm dealing donors are going to be thrilled."
Shame on you!  You're a trader to this country!
Sir i wish you were president.

You are a fucking liar and extremely useless. You talk a lot of shit yet you still vote for everything the GOP says. You are a waste
Nothing like being with your own kind of liberal.
This is on you and the @GOP who sat around and did nothing when @POTUS44 followed law and requested authorization to strike. #liar
History will not look kindly on these #GOP Sen whose thirstFor power led them to destroy 200YrsOf Sen tradition#NuclearOption
No matter who's in charge, Drumpf, President Bannon, President Illegal Jared/Iwanker (equally guilty launderers) they're all morons.
better, Pootie said he'll give cover "Assad will chem 'em, you launch pointless missiles, I hem & haw, you look good, I launder Jared's 666"
Oh boy, John. Regime change in Syria! Just what you love.
U need 2 help America become America again! Putin and Trump are tied 2gether for profitable gains and 2 destabilize the USA 
YOU HAVE 2 ACT
Just when you & gf Lindsey (vote agin Obama 2013?) start blowing Drumpf, report to Congress "no plan." Lawrence O'Donnell joke theory...
IN IT 2Gether!!
WHATEVER TRUMPS SELLING TO AMERICA, WE ARE NOT BUYING!
WHEN WE LOOK CLOSE ENOUGH, UC THE TRUTH AND FACTS THAT THEY BLUR!
#GOP worst than Putin!!!!!!
You need to take a good hard look at Trump and Putin and see the truth and then act to help America because right now Putin is running USA!!
2) so, just remember he brought it to Congress for a vote! Congress would not vote for the action! These deaths in Syria are on the #GOP!
1) During this interview, I heard you say something negative about President Obama not taking action! CONTINUED
BTW, if you are so gpddamned moved when are Syrian refugees going to be given sanctuary in the United States?
It's bullshit, Syria attacked again today, another chemical weapon attack. Our whole attack was staged by Putin and Trump.
Oh you are so special
retire
don't be foolish it's a distraction
Better for your traitor ass to pray to whatever demon it is you pray to, hell is coming for you. Your security detail is not good enough!
What an insult to Rand Paul you made. Have you no shame? I trust him more than I ever will you.
You are done.  Retire and we can forget your duplicity.  Shame on you..a man who experienced war!  Our kids will suffer
Finally an open and honest debate.  Well done Senator
One of very few GOP senators that WAS respectable. Fading fast; now Obama blaming and voting nuclear after saying it was wrong and stupid.
I am disappointed that you chose your party over your country yesterday. Somebody out there has to lead the way back to compromise.
Changing votes to 51 is scary.
Trump was NOT touched 2 the capacity u spoke.He saw it as a great legitimate reason2 shift attention away from #Trumprussia.Hes a sociopath
oppose illegal Muslim Brotherhood& Black Lives Matter, criminal aliens & George Soros!
Can't trust anything you say anymore.  You voted for something even you considered "dark" and then blamed the Democrats
Who has the most to lose in war, poor people or the rich. Shouldn't then contributions be proportional to your wealth. Figure
Your ass will smell hell as well!!!
What a freaking warmonger. Old men and their love of war. Just never ends.
You say it was a proportional response by bombing an airfield and killing a few solders. Kids died in Assad's attack. Figure?
You are a political hack.
#wercoming4u
Warplanes took off from an air base hit by #SyriaStrikes today, though Trump hopes he still destroyed his main target, the Russia scandal.
If Mc Cain goes to CNN he is talking against POTUS actions. For sure.
Can  u tell us why Trump told Russia missiles were being sent to hit Syria but didn't tell Congress?
bunch of war mongers, all of you. USN veteran and wish i had never served. ashamed to be an american, wish you had never left POW camp.
What about your strike on the US - changing rules to get your scotus nominee in.
How about you just resign?  Talked tough about the filibuster then voted to end it.  Hypocrite.
I'm confused, I thought we were are supposed to be fighting ISIS, not knock out the Syrian air force's main staging area against them?
What is up with those stools?  Did you and Wolf need a ladder to climb up?
I love you john McCain. Your answer spot on. Why do you disagree with Rand. He's wrong!  Can't get any clearer than that.
Wolf PLEASE get senator to commit to releasing TAXES it's not a big deal gives us hope 
Someone on hill is listening 
Tired of bing IGNORED
Trump is winning over the Never Trumpers. Victory!
ATTENTION WORLD!!!! Milk Toast left the White House on Jan 20th
Pls. Ask & question why senator McCain won't subpoena tax returns it's easy 
* throw us a frickin bone *
This pic makes it Look like your wearing purple-ish neon-ish pants.  Were you wearing purple-ish neon-ish pants?  #Inquiringminds
Please don't lose sight of the Trump-Russia connection in your excitement over this intervention.
Where you belong!!!  U r almost as bad as Pelosi
More war? NO THANKS
u are always negative
Gulf of Tonkin 9 11 weapons of mass destruction now  chemical weapons ...you always need to garner public support  for a war #Warmongers
Loved what you had to say about Rand Paul! 
Trump<Obama at least obama had a plan and come to congress!
Come on McCain don't do that GOP BS of blaming Obama. Just answer the questions. We've given passes cause of Trump. Don't blow it now.
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain still pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ … #Neocons
You are so divisive and partisan.  YOU are the problem with the Senate.
Distraction.  Why don't you encourage 45 to accept refugees?
Exploring the composition of the aircraft fleet at the base, one might think that the US bombed the aircraft museum. Made in 1950th
I loss All the respect I had for you! You are a traitor warmonger!!!!it's not about kids and YOU know it!!!
Acknowledged, Sen.John McCain
Apparently he wasn't deeply moved in 2013 when over1400 were attacked. Now that he needs ratings, he is deeply moved. BS
Watching you kissing up to #45 and his policies and play partisan politics over suffering of Syrians making me sick to my stomach #FUMcCain
I know your smarter than trump John,why does he get by with so much,the White House is a mess we want a independent investigation,
U forget to say that we were supposed to leave Iraq & Obama just continued from Bush, who put a puppet in power in Iraq.
John McCain, I have been your fan but I now HATE you. Your war mongering and subsequent dismissal of refugees is disgusting.
Trump played the media & some people with his con act of like caring what happen to all that was poison,he's a narcissistic & you all knowit
Bullshit! John McCain is a idiot... talking about pulling all the troops in Iraq. It was his best friend Bush 
Trying to conflate 911 with the Iraq war is erroneous & re-writing history. You voted for an Invasion that had nothing to do w/ 911.
We just blew $100,000,000 on a strike that had NO effect. They were back up and running within hours. Do you support that?
McCain...liar.  we pulled out of Iraq
Because Bush made a deal..to pull
Out by a certain time and the country
Didn't want us there...
John McCain don't forget President Obama went to Congress about Syria. He was told no. Stop blaming President Obama
Trips down Memory Lane are OK when they support your position. I don't like your arrogance.
Why CNN fake news
Please don't be naiveTrump has no ability2feel someone's pain but his own.Question should be what are they trying2do?Putin holds Trumps debt
I want 2 like John but he's a stoggy old guy who thinks he knows better than everyone else. Time for a more progressive solution @cnn @npr
Typical, talking out of both sides of your mouth. Saying Obama should have #SyriaStrikes when he took it to congress & you opposed. #GOPcon
The hypocrisy is mind-numbing.
You see, that is why you ran for President for 250 times and you never won! Sit down somewhere!
I won't listen
Finaly mccain sound like a real G.O.P
Veterans know that letting a commander in chief who's showing signs of dementia take us into war will be a disaster. #25thAmendment Trump.
Every time I think you'll be honorable and honest,  you open your mouth and prove me wrong.  You are a pathetic, grudge-holding old man.
Well u should!! Also give up hillary for president.get some sleep..its messing with ur mind!!
Dear Sen McCaine,I question the game Trump&Putin are playing, please don't fall 4this trap.I don't believe Trump  go against Putin's wishes
He's already fallen for it.
The only thing that moves 45 is his bowels. John you know 45 is on his way out. Remember RUSSIA arsehole?
Why you choose to go on # fakenews  they said Susan rice not a story worth reporting
Act of war under constitution!  Obama asked/didn't get auth.   If Obama had acted GOP would have been in an uproar.  Putin got to you too!
Cause was GOP partisanship &  blocking Obama on anything/everything. Iraq was the ORIGINAL SIN & why we are where we are today. GOP failures
