Hope you're also deeply saddened about your Party handing the country over to Putin! #GOPTraitors
really I don't remember Trump selling Uranium to Russia. A phone call is not going to kill American but a Nuke is.
@georgegalloway A firm chum of Ukrainian neo-Nazis. @SenJohnMcCain @a_ezzie
My late fatherBill Crist was a contemporary of  Kruglick and regarded him highly, I am sad to learn of his passing. Godspeed!
how can U classify any politician as servant? U R career politicians w/ Cadillac privileges & above Laws.God bless Kruglick
I'm sorry for your loss. Pls investigate Trump's corruption and treasonous ties to Russia!
Hey Janine, how about respecting the American people for a change??????
another egghead bot
Trump did not win, Putin did
We need an independent investigation into the Russian ties! I do not have confidence in this president, do right thing !
please take steps to investigate the trump collusion with Russia
Hey Sheryl. Respect the choice of the American people, K?????
the American people want a president not t a charlatan
You prove everyday why the people elected Trump President and not you.
so true!
Sorry but l hope this reminds you of your demise when Death will put an end to your hate, power & arrogance.
You're a walking disaster @childoflight51
u love this country!  Stand up against Trump & his cronies!!
I am deeply saddened by the death of America's public school system, the Constitution and democracy.
you still keep propaganda going to the public for war with Russia a nuclear armed country you don't care about our planet or
what that would mean for all life in the solar system or others lives in the galaxies
we don't care what you think about anything you war monger. The American people are on to you. Days are numbered...
Sen John McCain is the real traitor.. he should be in a nursing home https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y … #maga #infowars #GOP
The real traitor is 45.
it is time to put the party aside and remove Trump from office
Two words for you Senator >
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Add my agreement. Independent, bipartisan and mad as hell. Russia sneak-attacked us & almost won. We need truth.
By a vote of 23-15, Republicans just voted to not request President Trump's tax returns from the Treasury Dept. #DoYourJob
That's seriously messed up.  What are they hiding?
John - Janek Ty bądź Grzeczny ! ! !
please take this Russian connection seriously. I thought u were a patriot U know this is wrong Do ur job
Your daughter seems to be a great American- she most have got that from her mother
Because McCain is the leaker https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO0mHEJyC3Y …
you are a dandy letting people call you a "hero"!!  Shows what a low crawler you are -Song Bird. You r an embarrassment to US
Hey John. Do you understand that you are irrelevant. Step down and spare us. PLEASE!
he is the lucky one. We are stuck here with a traitor as president.
go then lol
thank you for standing up to Trump
Yeah. Ignore the American people! Seig Heil!
Country over party!! (and when I say country I mean the US and not Russia)
You talk a great game, but to sit and watch this occur and not act - you really are as much of a traitor as Trump. It is sad.
Still worrying about passing that ACA repeal and tax cuts for the rich while Trump stole election with Putin? Traitors, all!
sees "significant dysfunction in the national security apparatus of the trump administration." not all GOP r willfully blind
Investigate!  Find out where this will lead to.  Get Trump Taxes.
I do not have faith in our executive branch. It is up congress to sanction Russia with 2/3 majority Will you lead the effort
impeach Trump!!!  #impeach
Ben! What about the American Vote? WTF?
Go away, John McCain. PLEASE!!!!!
please for country keep your comments quiet. The dems r mad dogs after Trump, please no more amunition,need to move forward
Move forward? Trump's campaign officials in contact with Russians during campaign. This is treason! Crazy people
Nice of you to say. But, no one will be saddened by your passing, a great public servant you are not.
We won't be sad when you will be passing. Just go away faster.
Who besides you benefits from a war? Nobody. How many jobs you heped create for your constituents? NONE
Arizona, your Senator McCain is a sell out to his lobbyists' interests. What have he done FOR YOU?
very sorry. We have a public emergency in #America & must investigate the #Russian #hacking of elections! Please #doyourjob!
You are THE SWAMP.
You want war with Russia..you're a disgrace..you make me sick!
How many ketsup stocks do you own ...
oh your mission was a success
you throw Sarah under the bus ... Hanoi took your balls
You should be the next one on the way to Aid
um sorry McCain is the one who is going to be investigated by Jeff sessions
YOU SUCKERED JOHN! FAKE REPUBLICAN!
Understanding!
maybe you and your coworkers will be just as sad for the passing of our republic on your watch.
RINO
the libs are NOT your friend and will never be. They will turn on you like a rabid dog. So defend your fellow republicans.
To bad you're not anywhere near his level.

your nothing near having the dignity he has.
Condolences and prayers
That's all you got?
