It will be if the GOP comes to its senses and impeaches and throws out Trump, Pence, Bannon, Kushner. Otherwise alliances are toast.
Impeach the democrats, so this administration can finally govern .
Note that Republicans control all 3 branches of govt, so you might want to start there. Dems hardly obstructing when they have no power.
Oh so you the dems not wanting to work with Rep is not obstruction? I think that is pretty much the definition. Libtard.
How exactly were the GOP about doing anything, up to and including passing 9/11 Responder benefits, during the last admin?
It's called being fiscally responsible, something the left knows nothing about. 10 trillion more in debt.
The debt was from Bush, who mismanaged the economy. We had a surplus! Now GOP wants massive spending. & tax cuts for millionaires, not you.
You are actually defending the OBama economy? Insane
Then why bash the President in another country. That is pretty unAmerican.
You want our allies to stand by Trump? Despite Trumps vile behavior toward our allies???
John McCain urges allies to stand by Trump's US during 'troubled times' http://trib.al/c4AzbDa 
FUCK JOHN MC CAN AND FUCK TURNBULL AND FUCK TRUMP GO PUTIN

@USNavy @RoyalNavy they could proclaim that AI is not about human.
It takes a real statesman to clean up the trumps messes. Now go to Germany.
I thought we had tight border security please explain Mr Trumbell?
Did you go so far away to escape your train-wreck of a party?Cause if so, it will still be here when you get back. Nice handshake. Impeach T
I'm glad you're there and not Trump.
Thanks for coming down Don't  leave it too long for your next visit cheers HJ
McCain to Australians: Trump has unsettled Americans. America to McCain.. go retire! We don't want you.
We believed it from Trump.  NOT from you.
RUSSIA.
War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War War Wa War War War War War War That's what you want.
John, can you please follow the potus around the world and fix everything he screws up???
Americans HATE John McCain
McCain does not speak for America
Hes a warmongering national embarrassment
#McCainMustGo #ImpeachMcCain #MAGA
Just letting you know your next visit turnbull might be out of a job
He not liked by voters
His govt useless
Just saying
save us
You are not the president.maybe you should be back here working to pass the agenda the people voted for..
Their health care system is better than ours - Trump said so. What are you going to do about that?
Hey John quit acting like you were voted in as President, your faux Presidency is rather unbecoming. Get a grip, Reps didn't want a Democrat
Despite 45's best efforts.
come home and be a Republican....Get President Trump's agenda passed.
John McCain, I can only find one good thing that you did for America since you been in office. And that's a long time, voters or not happy.
I hope to work with you
Ya great.  And how's Obamacare replacement going??  Do your job and get behind POTUS direction.
Go home Senator
Yeah, just give Trump another chance to scuttle that the way he is wrecking relationship with Germany,  UK, France and other allies.
@FoxNews @LouDobbs 
Does PM Turnbull realize McCain is most likely colluding w Russians & subversive ProgSocLibDems?
Hope you will visit our European allies and mend fences there too after POTUS nato debacle.
Australia does have a great relationship with America but not with Trump. Want to bet a billionaire like Trump has never been there?
I'm glad *somebody's* acting presidential.
Especially since POTUS is ruining relations w/Europe.
Senator, while you are there, pick up a copy of their health care program for @senalexander so that he knows what a good program looks like
I hope you talked about the Paris Climate Accord. We need to honor the agreement!!! #climatechange #ParisAgreement
ok, enough photo ops!

Bring Trump to Australia. It's been a fair while since us Aussies had a good nationwide protest to bring us together. DT could help out here
After your Russian comments I am very uncomfortable with your shadow foreign policy.
If we have to have a republican president, why cant it be John McCain?
Because he lost lol
Not surprised. He's smart enough to know this insanity can't last past 2018. So are you. #Impeach45 #resist #truthwins
A boiling over sociopath with degenerative cognition. 
Welcome to Mr McCain.
Closet Democrat!!
"We'll always have Australia."
That's not what YOUR leader says.
Hope you chatted about Australia's very successful healthcare plan!
One of my favorite US stamps 
COMPLICIT WITH TREASON!! GOP = RUBBLE$$   RICO
Would be nice if you were in DC working. Meeting with PM is Trump's job, not yours. Redundancy.
Keep McCain away from them so it will remain strong.
So let's get this straight, Trump tweets bad, McCain tweets good? Forrestal, tailhook, Keating 5, what accomplishments.
I don't trust you talking with world leaders. You sold out your own men in Vietnam- there's no telling how low you will go! #traitor
Wait .. what!? Sold out his own men in Vietnam?
It's the only one have left! Stop with the photo opps and do something Senator.  The complicitness of the GOP is alarming to all Americans.
Don't piss on our hat and tell us it is raining. Our relationship with our allies has never been worse.
I don't know Sen McCain, if @GOP has enough ppl, even as majority, to mend the holes in this bucket of mess .. the is bursting at the seams
Careful, Malcolm.  John likes war, like... a lot.  And allies tend to get dragged in.
McCain on vacation again ? Touching bases with PM just to make it legal for tax payers to pick up the tab while his wife could buy the place
He's a liberal for saying that Australia, which has fought for America in every war in the last century, is a strong ally?
I was talking about him as a Senator in general my tweet had nothing to do with his meeting with the #Australian Prime Minister
Why just randomly shout him down when he's saying something you presumably agree with?
I have my reasons and as a veteran who fought in Iraq that was hurt I think I have a right to say what I want when I what liberals do!!
Don't deny that you have a right to say what you want as does everyone and appreciate your service and sacrifice and that of friends lost.
Just noting that the attack on McCain was a little out of context. Also, would note that while McCain thinks Russia is a bigger threat ...
He's still one of biggest hawks on ISIS and advocates more military response than most and wants more military funding than Prez
I hear they have pretty good healthcare, too.
It's great! 
Well it will be strong until Trump opens his mouth again and then they will do what every other world leader does; Shake their head.
You both look like cats with mouthfuls of Canary.  @realDonaldTrump should be nervous.
John does cleanup after Trump.
Oh please Mccain just works for Soros he does not care about our country.  He did t in the ear either.
The McCain you are calling out on, were adopted children from Mother Teresa's orphanges. They have loved, but not sucks!
quick someone tag Trump. He has missed this message somewhere along the way.
