Senator McCain, people trust you, you are a patriot. Do the right thing, independent investigation especially now w/ Comey hired
fired
@SenJohnMcCain, @LindseyGrahamSC,  well past time for you to call out Sen McConnell and all other enablers of #CrazyTrump.  USA in trouble
Interesting  you are happy a guy that wants to join with the fat little dictator won!!!  Who's side R U on? Want the NK to nuke U.S.?
Senator McCain, have you noticed that the vast majority of the "attaboy John" comments here are being posted by democrats?
WE THE PEOPLE need you Senator. Don't let us or your country down.
Congrats to @MoonJaeIn365 who is against the Dog Meat Trade and a friend to animals! We support you, sir!! @DinaNM_7
Are you ready to really take action & fix this yet? Or are u involved in the collusion/coverup? How much do u love this country #TrumpRussia
USA TERRORISM DISCONTINUED IMMEDIATELY.
Please give the USA back our honor. Do not let 45 shame us further.
Traitor
Trump fired Comey and now the GOP is the last barrier between us and the complete destruction of our democracy.  What will you do?
We need an independent investigation. Yesterday. Stop dragging your feet and do something.
Senator you're not a patriot. You failed the American ppl for 30 yrs and they elected @POTUS Trump to remind you all who you're working for.
Aug. 7, 1974, Sens. Barry Goldwater, R-AZ, John Rhodes, R-AZ, & Hugh Scott, R-Pa., told Nixon to resign.Will U, Graham & Pelosi be the ones?
This is a crucial moment in History - will you be remembered as a hero or will you be remembered as Goebbels? Impeach before it's too late.
Help!!!! We need a special investigation. Firing Comey now???
corrupt and morally bankrupt. Will you stand up for what is right for our country? or will you sit back and ride the party line?

Your kind of guy #SongBird, a progressive liberal enabling South Korean snowflakes who would run at the first sign of DPRK incursion. #MAGA
Flake!
Love the winks...CIA puppet regime, er "strong alliance" 
Oh, shut up!
This president who BTW mocked you getting captured is making us a laughing stock around the world. He and his administration and family are
Senator, you once served our country at great risk to your own well being. You were a POW for 5 1/2 years. We need you to risk all again
Where are you're balls man. If you cave you may as well move Putin in e White House.
Your balls.
Trump really MUST be stopped. If he gets away with firing the FBI-director that was investigating him he'll stop at nothing. Independent enq
Time for special prosecutor since trump seems to fire anyone who gets close to truth. Time for country over party john. Be a patriot
WHAT NOW TRAITOR????????????????
You can and you should do the right thing. Demand an independent investigation on behalf of the nation
Thanks GOP cowards! We now have a dictator firing people investigating him! Quit following and start leading!
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
When are you going to be the MAN to stand up for TRUTH and DEMOCRACY!!! SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #investigatetrump
@SenJohnMcCain PLEASE PROTECT US! WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW! Please do the right thing. We are depending on you!
What does it take for you to do the right thing? Is the corrupt president you've backed firing the man investigating him finally enough?
Senator McCain, Please don't let up on investigating Trump.  Very suspicious that he fired Comey.  Save our country from this dictator!
How much more is it going to take before we get an independent prosecutor?  You have to protect us.  People are scared.  Put country first.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATOR NOW!  It's time to remove the FOOL from the hill before he destroys this nation.
TRUMP FIRED COMEY???!!! WHAT IS IT GOING TO TAKE FOR REP TO SEE... IT IS ALL IN HIS TAX FORMS! SESSIONS IN THIS DEEP!
Nice. I hope you will consider using humankind rather than mankind in your writing. Although not ideal much more inclusive.
Wonderful.  Now how about doing something about our Russian puppet?
Dear intern running John McCain's twitter. Can u tell ur old, twisted boss to retire? We're sick of him! Thnx.
But @potus remains committed to illegal emoluments from China. Act!
RUSSIA.
At least some of us do.
McCain. You belong on the moon! You're way out there! Sad. Dementia? Talk to Maxine Watters!
hmmm. If you are glad he was elected, should we trust your judgement based on the fact u back 45 and his horrific cabinet? 
The united States remains fully committed to the united States government. No more, no less, certainly not the general population nor Korea.
We will continue to see Russian Bombers Buzz Alaska until Trump repays Putin for election hack. Trump must go, now!
your all talk
The left should pick guys like John McCain. I don't agree with him on many issues but I can't help loving the guy anyway.
this message sounds a little tone deaf as the US just tried to pressure SK for $1b protection money.
and is msging it wants lots more $ in future. #trump #mcmaster #Thaad
Deflect from #trumprussia much?  #notamaverick
That is great to see your support... now demand an independent investigation into  #TrumpRussia
Think he's less keen on you....
