A real POTUS might broker a Multinational Front to articulate consequences to HALT RussianCyberWar Warn Assets willbe frozen Travelban enact
With any luck 45 will sign this.
44 resisted Magnitsky act until it was approved by a veto-proof majority. Just sayin
It's no longer about him.
Yes, but veto is not a final say and can be overriden by a veto-proof majority
There's no but. Just stop. His signature or lack of is more telling than anything. If he doesn't it looks bad no mater how it's spun.
yes, in the current context it would look very nasty. But it is not an end of life. Even if he vetoes lawmakers still can impose sanctions
but for the US these sanctions make sense from every point of view: they knock-out competition in defense market, curtail on oil/gas
so I hope there will be no veto and the House will pass this bill ASAP
Not as large a price as the USA is paying.
Ukraine deserves to be free. Ukraine also deserves to be free of Nazis. Stop trying to mujahideen-up that country.
John McCain sitting down with Andriy Parubiy. A real-life Nazi. Note his Mein Kampf-style book cover. 
No he won't. Trump won't sign it in the law.

thank goodness, now maybe you can move on to some REAL issues that are affecting REAL people today
Who is going to put Johnny behind the bars for supporting ISIS & Nazis?
Apply sanctions to #Turkey & your  pal @RT_Erdogan who shut off water to #children, families & #Kurds fighting #ISIS http://aranews.net/2017/06/syrian-kurds-accuse-turkey-using-water-weapon-war/ …
what is wrong with you old man.. you need to get some help for you brain...  stop trying to start wars.
Vans friend-al bagdadi-isis killing VKS Rassia,y v mourning Hinson?
your sanctions doing only good to Russia, well done and carry on!
Your pathetic......seems that's all u care about is Russia
I want to see the evidence
Once again McCain this is NO EVIDENCE THAT RUSSIA INTERFERED WITH OUR ELECTION
Oh give it up you old fool. You said nothing when Obama used taxpayer dollars to try to overflow the Israelis elections
John ur a sorry excuse for a American!
@SenJohnMcCain If you think this shld be bi-partisan. VoteNo Skinny @sengraham2016 never assurance Ryan will not make Skinny Law.Don't trust
You asked Russia to fund your campaign which you lost thankfully.A TRAITOR demorat would not achieve much .
hacking into the DNC computers is not the same as hacking the election.  No evidence that any votes were altered.
SenLindsyGraham proud of Bill reaffirming NATO Alliance.The POTUS should have said it Not forced Congress to waste time cleaning up his mess
Trump's tweets are far more acceptable than RHINOS!
We need to lay out our position on political or defense related hacking and follow through...should be accountability and consequences
Support our President Trump!  Support our President Trump!  Support our President Trump!  Support our President Trump!
This Russia-narrative is just a ruse to cover up for McCain's involvement with ISIS.
But I bet you'd respect him unlike you do a black woman
This => #Ukrainians stand with us, we need to stand with them!
Why aren't there public hearings on senate healthcare bill?   What is going on?  We want answers.
There is no proof - vault 7 pro's don't leave trails when they hack unless it is to blame someone else CIA has the programs
Hey, Russia didn't interfere with our election.  Show proof
Senator war. America meddle in elections around the world, what price will you pay. Such an old monster you. A blood sucking vampire fool.
Excellent work! Now, what is DoD / IC doing to stop ongoing Russian active measures?
If he doesn't sign it, that is another clear indication he is beholden by Putin.
Good job!
Why don't you leave Russia alone?
 it's not about making healthcare that helps people but just about votes??
But in all seriousness...This exchange I had with McCain made me sounds like a crazy broken record. 
Not enough
Should you demand a immediate emergency closed door hearing on the Recent late night Message from the assistant AG about foreign gov leaks
Uh oh, I bet you're not too happy about this if true. Looks like Russia might have killed ISIS leader #AbuBakrAlBaghdadi in Raqqa.

Timber!
*u'd sell us out*
Idk senator, u have been really disappointing in this arena lately, trump &his ilk r the problem.  When will u put country over party?
Will Trump sign it?
Yet Trump refuses to acknowledge & confront Russia which raises suspicion to his ties to the Kremlin!
Give blue water navy their earned agent orange benefits
Does that mean we get Hilary? ?? Sure hope so!
Interest in this investigation!
I thought u were ignorant durring comey testification,but I'm glad to see some leadership eligibility being processed against Russia from ur
Watch McCain's questioning of Sessions. Some liberals made much hay about McCain's little interruption, but his questions were incisive.
Did you say our country was doing better under Obama, or was this another Fake story from the Fake media? I cannot imagine you said that.
Save our Nation! Putin laughs at USA impotence The damage continues each day attention is consumed by TrumpFreakShow and US NeglectsBusiness
CommanderinChief is Derelict in leadership and governance He is ignorant&surrounded himself with ignorant&cowardly sycophants Save US Please
Don't think you would make profiles in courage by jfk. Sponsor a resolution to stop the witch hunt. #WitchHunt
If a MilitaryCommander fails to take prudent measures in response to impending attack is he negligent and derelict in his role as Commander?
The POTUS has left hundreds of Executive and State Dept jobs vacant. Assets whose analysis of intelligence Protect US security is Treason
CommanderinChief not interested in RussianCyberAggression fomenting ongoing KGB planted chaos in US Government. That is Dereliction of Duty.
When POTUS branded John McCain the soldier who refused to leave his comrades in Hanoi a Loser. How come I'm the only one angry as Hell?
Revelations POTUS&AG Not interested in RussianCyberAggression against US Democracy. Both admitted so. Isn't that Dereliction of Duty?
Now when are you going to make 45 and his regime pay?
@SenJohnMcCain is a leftist in rightwing clothing..
YOU only worry what POTUS does? How about what he doesn't do?Your father&grandfather taught you about dereliction of duty. POTUS is Derelict
Will the House take up your legislation in a timely manner??
Bravo but will Putin feel pain? Will the Russian Economy Shrivel up enough for Putin to regret sending Patriot Hackers to destroy Democracy?
I can't wait to see if Trump would sign it!
Obama was great for a globalist
Dictatorship,bad for America
The deep state and libs are the
Globalist resistance, they will win
&start ww3
What about jail time for the republicans involved, calling a new election, u know doing the honourable thing, things I thought u stood for.
Why.
John did you really crash 5 planes
Isolating russia even more will lead to 
3rd world war
Globalism= Dictatorship 
You don't want peace john
Funny how @realDonaldTrump  Is quite about this.
hypocrite.  to think i believed you to be an honorable American citizen with OUR interests in mind.  shame.  unbelievable, wife in 45 camp.
Proves even the most fickle can co-opt a winning outcome.  Yes, Senator you are a  fickle semi-Republican - support @realDonaldTrump
U place sanctions on alleged hacking. Just because a hacker used Russian code doesn't mean it was Russia. CIA uses those tactics too to hide
Will @realDonaldTrump for what he did to secure the @WhiteHouse as @POTUS?
Nice.
I wonder if trump will veto.....
Will you also override Trumps obvious veto of this?
Hopefully, Trump will veto new sanctions. And we have seen no proof of Russian interference in our election.
Governor @ricardorossello need the statehood for Puerto Rico.
You can pass it, but I doubt #LiarInChief will sign it.  BTW what R U doing to prevent Russia from interfering with the 2018 election?
Is Donny mad at you?
He didn't attack our election you old fart!!  RETIRE while you can still find the door!  Sheeesh!
Come on McCain write me back and let me know why you feel the way that you do.
I am so glad that you will never be President you neocon who wants endless war amnesty and open borders
You are a big baby oh does baby McCain want his bottle 
You know John you keep bringing up Russia because you are jealous that Trump won and he is President and you won't be.
Shouldn't US pay the price to attack many elections worldwide in contemporary history?! If it's bad then it should reciprocal
Didn't Obama send money and flunkies to Israel to keep Netanyahu from winning?  When do we investigate that?!
That's all this rino cares about but not taxes or health care
Thank God for President Trump!!
Your colleagues in the House seem okay with Russia destroying our democracy... Anyway, your party's leeader will not sign it.
Paranoia goes on and on.
Very proud that our Senators acted like Americans with a 98-2vote
you didn't say a word when HRC gave Putin 20% of our uranium supply.  why
U still need to retire and gather ur thoughts,bc u seem to have lost it as a Vietnam  era vet I see the deterioration
Great news. What is being done to make sure  it doesn't happen again?
Who are the two Russian moles who voted against the sanctions?
Good news but Trump still has to sign it which he won't. Then Congress will have to stand together as 1 & over ride him. Willing to do that
That's cool and all but they got what they wanted. Too little too late
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec now what COMRADE TRUMP
John The USA has paid the price by us having to listen to your confusion in speech, and command of presence. Sad Old Timer
Not if House doesnt fall in line. Do something about that. Only you have the clout.
Thank you sir. One less thing to worry about. Restores some faith there in Washington. Have a good weekend. :)
Lame. Can we pass declaration of war to make you happy.
Covering for the  man and showing Americans your anger for Russia because they invaded our Democracy? Wow you're harsh! @JoyAnnReid
Когда ты уже уйдёшь на пенсию,  старый ты....
Hold your ol' buddy Sessions in contempt and we might start taking you seriously again, John.
The Senate became r President today.we don't need 1 voice we need 98 voices.thank u we can feel safe again keep it up trump sucks no leader
Nice. Now what's your sanction plan for candidate/campaign that colluded with/benefited from RU attack on our election. Do ALL of your job
How about some sanctions for those who are attacking our duly elected @POTUS?
Sure hope you can tackle some of the pressing American issues... healthcare, tax burdens.... please?
-..and with the fighterparts assemble them ..in Japan. 
Now, think, if N.K goes nuts ??
How long they get into hyperadv F35:s
Pyrrhic victory at best.  Mostly political theater for the wanna-be-men. How much will they charge EU allies for gas/oil to fund this?
So we have to put Donald in a playpen so he can't destroy our country???  Amazing what this congress will put up with...
-The fact is you just sold 4 airfighters F35 to Japan, they can't afford the package, so they have to buy airfighter-parts..
-No you are just pissed as you are Debteds up to your ears, digging deeper into debtswamp..
I know Russia is a problem, but did they really interfere, you've got evidence right?
What price will Traitor In Chief pay for attacking our election? Probably nothing ....
So what is the price? How much interest given that they have received 8 mos of dividends?
-was sabotaged DNC oil distrib. tried benefitting isis..and those shits believes they have prominence of 'Force One'..huh? Ne
Breaking: 80+ sovereign nations file suit, launch investigations, & levy sanctions against USA for interfering in their political processes
Bout freakin time dude!
This is a serious question:Now that Trump is under criminal investigation & feeling the pressure,can someone take the nuclear codes off him
Now if we only knew what the Russians did.  Nothing I presume.
Great now how about showing a backbone and support our President.
I hope its veto proof assuming that it passes house.
that tells me it shouldn't have passed..  when a supermajority of the senate does something - it's never good
Active measures targeting russia are also required, not just passive ones.
A measured response.  Good call senators.
I applaud your vote on this. sir. We need to stand strong on this, and protect the core of our democracy.
Putin's going to be mad...
Go join the Democrats
Now on to making Trump pay for his crimes.
Even if the President could care less.  And why is that?
-who cares of wackoed overaged envy.
This'll happen; All Bribery cases..included  you WILL be filed ESPIONAGE ENLISTED AGENTS
Traitor!
As long as those in this country pay a price also.
-You're beginning to be stark seniled. Lawsuits arrives. 
Don't you nutheads recall your briberies of italian polittis..
Hot air, 'Maverick.' Won't make it through House.
Now get a health care and a tax reform Bill through. Stop the arguing and do your job
Are we still giving them back thier 2 spy compounds in DC? 
Trump was all but handing them the keys a week ago.
I usually pay for the stuff I buy too. The US executive branch is pretty nice. You're going to have to make it more expensive to keep it.
2 Nos? What are they "working for Vladimir Putin" or something?
Most likely.  R Lee (UT) and R Paul (KY)
Collectively good work! Lets keep up the pressure and safe guard future elections and infrastructure from cyber hacks
Does not ensure much of anything as I understand the process
Who were the 2 senators that voted no?
Eloquent on the space amendment, and cost of sanctions. @SpaceX is showing that you can get to space without giving money to Putin croneys
Thank you for protecting America & fighting those who try to harm us!
What will you do if the president won't sign it?
These militias should be added to the terrorism list Senator ..
Foremost, your totalitarian theocracy with its pedophile drunken rapist "royals" need to be at the top of any terrorist lists.
Hope they don't re-sanction us and cut off the taxi service to the space station. Set real priorities, stop the witch hunt. #WitchHunt
Were you one of the 2 dissenting votes @SenJohnMcCain ? We all know about 'your' undercover russian meeting
ISIS is sending congratulations to you and all deserving terrorists supporters, mister McJihadi.
Now we need sanctions against poroshenko and oligarchs in Ukraine and maybe this will come to the end
Like we have to many nations! Find out what Obama & Co did to Natanyahu in Israel... and STHU! Idiot Dems handed Russians slam-dunk Hacks!
They tried to hack the GOP and State Elections operations and got Jackshit! The real Threat is Stupid Democrats!
@McCain thanks for leading, standing up for right and #sanctions on #Russia
Who were the two? Can't have been Comrade Trump and Poodle Sessions
@realDonaldTrump thought I would leave this here...
*their
now we need you to work on the House to begin impeachment hearings on Trump sir.
I can't wait to vote you out of office.
does trump have to sign it?
