you are a sellout as a republican?! Wonder...
Who did Soros tell you to support, I know he gets something for the money he gave your traitorous war hero self
We need to see a "Draining of the Swamp" in the White House. Save the party man!
Party first? That's the problem, it's 1 party, the Republicrats @SenJohnMcCain
If the R's want to lose mid-terms. America should always be first but when has it been??
Isn't it odd that those who support U here are #Democrats & those who disagree R #Republicans Plz resign
pls retire
You are against everything that has to do with Republicans. I think you are a spy for the democrats. Useless you are
tru news tells all what you do your not for the people an Russia did not make me vote for Trump. Drain the swamp Trump
Tina you are nearly illiterate
thank you , yup I'm a deplorable too. We need to pray for our president
you are only deplorable if you harbor hate for others based on skin color, religion, sexual orientation, etc
so I'm sure you don't qualify because you are a Christian full of compassion 
you are a RINO
How does opposing Mulvaney's nomination hurt the military?? Beam Me Up Mr. Speaker! Geez!
A house  divided against  itself cannot stand. Showing us you are  a democrat pretending  to  be  a Republican What  a shame
Supporter of yours, but lately seems U are not helping Pres but Democrats. Need 2 change direction and help. United we stand.
from a Dem: you are and have been an American hero for decades. I thank you for everything you've done for our country.
For what? To watch you sound just like Pelosi, Warren and the rest of Democrats? We know Soros has you in his pocket.
you are redeeming your self as a man of good judgment.
oppose oppose oppose, oppose, oppose, oppose, oppose, makes no sense
I sure am worried about your commitment to our country when so many liberals seem to LOVE YOU
- Senate Republicans, with exception of Sen John McCain, voted in favor of Rep. Mick Mulvaney's nomination. McCain?
Thanks for trying?
Its obvious you are against the trump administration, you have not been a true conservative for years..
he doesn't know when he's got the winning team. @SenJohnMcCain
whose side are you on-are you sure you are not a dem like Pelosi=you are no better than she is
being a arizona resident after some of your decisions I think you are a rino
Please defect to the DNC. You don't represent my values any more.
hanks for nothing--we finally get a Republican president and you guys can't act loyal
I'm looking through all these tweets. It seems you're attracting a following of democrats. You should change parties.
you don't know when your on a winning team. #HerosDoFallFromGrace.
3084 counties to 57 is a mandate in my book..We'll be working on your early retirement plan.
Whatever!
why are you constantly hating on ur own party? Oh wait coz ur a bitter sore old loser that should retire
wow. Denigrate a American hero ...
you so called hero thinks he is President!
Traitor in Republican Party. Time to boot this old man.
the man is an American hero. How about putting country b4 party?
Mr. McCain, I'm starting to lose faith you as a loyal patriot and republican
70 yo men need a filter - u & Trump both.  Help the GOP cause OR retire.  What have u accomplished for debt & budget?
2 State/Israel - Palestinians so many chances & bomb Israel.  Let's see new options-Sunnis & Israel shape peace against Iran?
Sad you never fought Obama. But you want to fight Trump. Arizona should recall your votes..
And you, sir, are a disgraceful coward for calling an ex-POW a loser. Delete your account.
I have high regard for this senator and don't like bad remarks from the peanut gallery.
McCain is voting against Mulvaney because he is a conservative & his sidekick Lindsey Graham sees him as a potential rival.
Taking money from Soros is not right for USA, resign
What are you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
You have respect for Country before party.   Great respect sir.
When are you calling for an investigation into the WH - Russia connection during the campaign and continuing today?
geez, I'm pro-military but your reasonings for this is ridiculous.
Senator we don't care, you've shown your true colors! You and Graham, sour grapes should Resign from the GOP immediately!
Thank you
Stop it.  We do not need more military spending.
are you kidding? You oppose this person and vote for DeVos?
Don't agree with your position on most issues, but glad you're opposing Mulvaney.
U sound like a Loony Dem lately. Do u change parties. Wise up and support @POTUS to MAGA. ACT LIKE GOP
You are a total traitor..To Trump supporters. The Republicans finally have control. Which should have made it easy for us
- keep up the good work Senator McCain! You give me hope!
Has it ever occured to you to support your POTUS?  Why do you pander to the Dems and Media?
because he is a man of conscience and we have elected a dangerous leader
No @SenJohnMcCain isnt. He panders. And you are mis/in-informed.
Good fake-out John. But after voting to cut SS benefits during the worst Recession we've had 100,000's were VETS we know you
why didn't you vote against devos?!!
demorat
Where was your dsmn opposition to ANY of Obama's PICKS! To fight against your own President &Party is disgraceful.Shsme ful
you are no longer a hero, u are now a paid for politician. Put a D behind your name and get it over with.
......Finally.
#keepright
one of a few true Americans left in the Republican Party..grateful and sad to see so many cave to the mad king.
Did the check for his campaign contribution bounce?
Time to retire McCain, your losing your brain and turning into a Democrat.
You and your buddy L,  I admire you both, guts and glory
GOP does not need trump to make changes. investigate and impeach! #pence
Please join Americans in standing up to these destructive fools including McConnell .  America needs you sir
stop with the party lines and save the US.
#demandnewelection
Sir you are one of the few Republicans I respect and admire please protect our country from President Trump
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your opposition to Mick Mulvaney
RHINO
please Do the right  thing for America not the Rep I think your a good man please
u r a clown & disloyal to our party
#ThankYou
you are a joke
you need to stop reading your press and the tweets from libs that pump up your ego. Won't vote for you again. Time 4 U 2 go.
you need to speak in opposition of the clown occupying the Oval Office. Get your priorities straight.
Can't watch you anymore. Your just trying to be more important and you not important. Your a veteran that needs help.
No brownie point here
YOU ARE ONE OF OUR WORST RINOS & MOST REPUBLICANS ARE SICK OF YOU AND YOUR ILK!
Soros would be so proud of you.Stop America from Being GREAT AGAIN,oppose Trump at every turn.That's your motto.
tax cuts...repeal
of course you are.  You are a consistent weapon of the Dems to disrupt the new administration.
you're a Democrat
Sen. RINO: Stop undermining POTUS every chance U get!   Obama/Clinton Operatives attack USA,+ advance globalism- w/your Help!
GO HOME AND SPEND TIME WITH YOUR FAMILY. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE, STOP THE RHETORIC AND UN- AMERICAN LIES!
You smell to moth balls and  naphthalene time for the nursing home old traitor Stop damaging the Republican party
I hope you follow that with a NO vote. Words aren't enough.
As I read through the comments it is obvious that Trump-deplorables are punishing you enough.  #BeAPatriotAgain
Senator; 6-year terms, elections staggered over even years so only 1/3 of the Senate is up 4 reelection during any election. 
@SenJohnMcCain
Songbird gotta sing
what about Pruitt, where do you stand on that pos?
You are a real piece of work. How much is Soros paying you?
RUSSIA
Good person to take a stand for what is right
why didn't you do this with Devos and Sessions.  I am so disappointed in you

way to go!  Thank you!  Was disappointed in your support of DeVos but appreciate your standing strong now.  Thank you!!!
hero..hero..what have you done since?..not a damn thing!!
betray the President and the millions of Americans that voted for him
Why bother?  You just want to fight against the Administration & it's tiring!
is a true conservative and s patriot. Trump is a populist and A fraud. Proud to know you for over 30 years, John
why did you confirm Devos?  Pruitt?
For a #Republican you're pretty neat! If there were more #Senators like you, bipartisan progress would be a reality
you are the #ONLY conservative I believe in today's #GOP.
is opposed to @RepMickMulvaney because @LindseyGrahamSC asked him to have his back.
You are a hero, stand up for America, not Russia! Keep speaking out!
Sen.McCain, u have nothing to lose and only to gain serving ALL citizens. Be a hero again stand up to Treason and corruption!
hey I got an idea. How about investigating what the Russians did to influence our elections. Do your job
Thanks for showing a spine by opposing this dangerous president and his unqualified nominees
Sir, you need to push an investigation of Trump and his dealings with Russia, our nation depends on it! He needs to go!
Why is that John?   Time to retire. Repubs supposed to support repubs.  That's why Dems win more. Duh.
He is a sick vile sore loser
#rhino
its time for you to retire Trump has a right to pick hos people, you didnt win. Your a joke
You've got that right
.@SenJohnMcCain Please support FULL investigation into POTUS campaign ties to Russia. 
This vile old man paid a UK "intelligence" to make a fake Russian report he paid for it. Traitor
Because he voted against people he doesn't think is good for u.s?? Democratic nation...
we appreciate you in Tennessee John McCain
not this guy from Tenn..McCain is a closet lib traitor..not a hero
WOW!  Thank you, Senator!!
support an independent commission on the Russian interference. It's starting to look like hill repubs are hiding something.
just a reminder, you have bigger priorities right now. Get to the bottom of the Russian connection!
Yes do the Democrats that you love so much a favor and to your boss George Soros
Not too worried about your opposition. Looking back on your history you haven't won many battles.
I would like to hear some of your Vietnam War Stories, you know how you got in and how you got out. Trader
Your country should come above politics, thank you Mr McCain.
Oh no he mastered being a traitor to  his country in Vietnam God damn old man...
RINO! Remember John, YOU lost the race for President
Thank you! Also, please insist on independent commission (50/50) to investigate whole Russian travesty! Country first! 
What in the HELL is wrong with YOU? Mick is a fellow Senator and Republican! You're a freaking TRAITOR- treated as such!
thank you!
How supportive RHINO. please announce your retirement today.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are our hope in your persistence to investigate & get to the truth. WH is in chaos, putting us at risk
you are terrible. Resign!

thank you Sen for show us all how our politics works when people work for the people and not only a party, this goes both way
thanks senator. To bad didn't help with de vos
thank you.
@RepTedLieu @LindseyGrahamSC Trump can't even take a consistent stand on Israel's 1-state, 2-state. He needs to go.
Thank you for sticking to your principles and not just voting yes.  Watching? @JeffFlake We are.  @indivisibleaz6 @AZ4Change
Great to have someone in touch with our democracy & their moral compass.
what exactly DO you stand for.  All you do is bloviate whatever way the wind is blowing. I'm ashamed to have voted for you.
He nothing but a fool used by the press
Thank you Senator McCain Sometimes I despair at the direction of this administration and the cabinet from Hades destroying 
God give you Strength Senator. Do the right thing.
Thank you! I have been hard on you but will gladly accept your return to the light. Take it to the top! #investigate #impeach
is a Patriot! He puts America first and Party/ #45 second! He is a real man of honor! I salute you Sir!
thank you
just announce your #resignation
because he has not drank the crazy coolaid coming from WH? He can be Republican and not support POTUS. #patriot!
John & Lindsay, holding hands skipping down the lane of liberalism! Or otherwise known as the dirty little snitches!
PIGS
GODSPEED...BE OUR PATRIOT AND NOT A FOOLS TOOL
Oh but he is enjoying being the crooked media tool.. He only won because of Trump people voted Republican
You need to be replaced. You don't need to. E a senator anymore
thank you for showing that some in Congress actually care about #WeThePeople
You are one of the good guys. You can stop this. There are few left who can.
he must be honest then
Thank you!
thank you
also, INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!!!!
Yay!
Absolutely, I know! Already watched,TRUTH
no he should be proud, to stand up for what is right and that he's not afraid of bullies
no he is becoming senile like the Democrats
Not too late to be the man you once were. Stop Putin. Help allies before it is too late.
You're just a speed bump on the tracks of the Trump train, John...and a little speed bump at that.
Thanks, but a vote against him is worth a thousand words. We also remember #DeVos and #Sessions.
would you &GRAHAM will keep promises that "IF CONGRESS WONT I WILL INVESTIGATE RUSSIA AFFAIRS in US"? What are u waiting for?
Who instead would you prefer?
thank you for watching out for America's safety.
Vote No on Mulvaney.  We want to keep Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.  His views are bad for the country.
while I don't always agree with your politics. I have an enormous amount of respect for you.
thanks for all your work with the VA 
When are you having a town hall? You owe your constituents answers!!!
