Maybe we should focus more on soldiers serving. This was young man who "chose" to go to NK on an adventure. . .
He broke the law and was put on trial. I would love to photograph favelas in Brazil, but I understand the potential consequences.
We have idea if Otto broke a law or not. NK says what it wants. No due process, no Free press. We'll never know the truth
True. And that's why traveling there is perilous.
My son,18, said the punishment was excessive. Told him no one can safely travel to such a place. US has 0 power there. NK can make up lies
Wait, there won't be a free press here either.
At least for the time there is. 1A>2A.  But i wouldn't be surprised if DT envied Kim's dictatorship a bit.
He does seem to have a fondness for those charming dictators, doesn't he?
And no one will be held accountable because there is an orangutan (@realDonaldTrump) in office in #America
We'll, actually, Obama is the one who left him there.  Point your finger elsewhere.
I point my finger to everyone responsible for his death including (but not limited to) @NorthKoreaNews1
Your original response only pointed to President Trump.  BHO is the responsible person/administration here.
I blame the person in charge, The person that could make a difference
He did.  He got him home.
No he didn't. North Korea contacted America to send him home because he was in a coma
He was in a coma since last year after his trial.
Bull shit, why didn't you march into the White House and demand Obama do something! Veteran's getting sick and tired of yr Bull shit!!
So are you ok with foreigners treating our people this way?That crazy short NKorean dude should be held accountable.
That crazy black dude in the WH for 8 yrs let Otto die
That black dude got 10+ Americans released. Your white dude only got 1 released & that's Otto. So hush hush!
Don't even suggest obama did the right thing
Why is an autopsy not being allowed?
DO SOMETHING.   #ImpeachTrumpNOW and save whatever respect we have left on the global stage.
Noooo doubt!
John McCain r very fortunate u were not run out of Congress a long time ago.U hav done many injustices to the American people.buck up orQuit
where were you when Eric Gardner was murdered in his home country for selling loose cigarettes we didn't hear Shit from you..
Obama did nothing to help him.
Stop using his sad death 2 try 2 regain credibility. Standup against Little tiny donnie jackass drumpf & his bankster cronnie theiftains!!!
Парень! Ты наверно забыл запах вьетнамской мочи?
Trump admires Kim Jong un. You can do something about trump. Why aren't you trying?
I completely agree!  It's time to upset North Koreans.
@KeithOlbermann Well, you tolerate it every day from the NRA. How many kids will be shot dead today McCain. Take your outrage and F.O.
So what would you propose US to do? Whatever Admin decides you will be against it even if it was your idea.
Agree completely! But he should have known better than to put himself in that situation. Ban travel to NK.
...and what about the hostile actions you,  45, and other repubs are taking against the US citizens, and our healthcare? What about that?!!!
Otto shouldn't have gone there in the first place! US will not do a thing as they must have warned their citizens about NK
you'll say anything so that you can send your private military contractors abroad to start a war=$$$ in your pocket
Just saddened? Why not outraged?
Where have you been the past eight years!  Pow u should help
If you truly agree with this statement I will gladly fund you a 1 way ticket Mr McCIan,,, I mean McCain
I guess you are not sadden by what happened to #PhilandoCastille who's only crime was being black.
Bunker blaster for only fat man in N.K.
@BobLeahyJr for once I agree with this RHINO!
..............SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP ! RYAN, GRAHAM AND YOU ARE WORKING AGAINST HIM !  SHAME ON YOU
There is no proof of murder. He was a thief. He was punished for it. North Korea doesn't tolerate criminals. Learn your lesson America.
You mean like we tolerate the killing of black men in America?
As opposed to the US which never kills citizens.. oh, wait.#CharleenaLyles #PhilandoCastile #QuaniceHayes #drones in Yemen & Afghanistan etc
Then you need to be a man and back our president for once.
I just say be careful. We have a lot of troops in South Korea & Japan. Have to keep them in mind. #Warmbier
If ppl don't want to acknowledge what white white privilege does 4 them in US @ min should teach kids DON'T necess have it in rest of world
terrible but not sure what action, u have been in Congress a long time. Glad to see executive proposed for Defense, only way to stop waste
Maybe you should have done something then .....? Term Limits!
Also sad that you're not blaming POTUS anymore
Why was this Kid go to begin with? Disobeyed the laws- no excuses to not abide by laws of other Countries. No US citizen should be there
#McCain is a traitorous loser
So tell us Johnny what would you do
U ran for pres. What would u do with that pip squeek in NK??
Where were you when he was kidnapped?
We must not tolerate this action performed by #NorthKorea, yet hundred of lives have been taken by police in the US with no convictions, FOH
Remedial action urgently required. World can not tolerate such hostile action against a student.
What did trump promise Kim in exchange for Otto's release???????
You need to think of the impact that we would have as a country, if we do get involved with facing North Korea.
You should have been worried about NK instead of stirring up trouble in ME and Ukraine. Maybe Otto would be alive today.
Sen McCain why didn't you speak up when he was being held during Obama's admin? I don't recall hearing much from you.
Were you as sad when you made propaganda tapes helping North Korea demoralize & kill our soldiers?
Just as Americas should not tolerate your acting as a Traitor and attacking our President Pls #ResignJohnMcCain
How should the US react then? Take a North Korean live in exchange? Risk a new war? Where are peacefully constructive and civilized options?
It's horrible that NK apparently tortured him to death. US has, sadly, done the same many times. Abu Ghraib, Guantanamo....
However we will have to tolerate it and worse until the time American has leadership again, and a functioning government.
Bottom line is we shouldn't be traveling to these countries and expect the US to intervene when someone is detained.
Rather than having a Muslim Ban, we should have a ban on Americans traveling to places like NK & Iran. These rubes muck-up foreign policy.
we should do the same to the leaders of south korea and send them home in body bags.
@POTUS .... in this case, US very strong about the military.
@POTUS what we can do next step. North Korea see the Trump administration nothing (the last Obama administration also). Why??? ....
Anything you say is simply rhetoric. Actions speak louder than words. It's time to obliterate North Korea & burn it 2 the ground
Nice that YOU'RE paying attention, but is the man who would be POTUS?
What is evidence of torture..pictures like the Middle East? Maybe he was or maybe he tried suicide because of long unjust sentence??
What about the hundreds of "detainees" locked up (and tortured) in Guantanamo without any charges for 10+ years, MR McCain??
Please provide the EXACT proof he was murdered.  Do u know something, no one else knows?  Autopsy hasn't been completed.
Best keep quiet on other Countries & how they handle their laws & treatment of visitors.Don't poke the bear .Nothing to achieve
What should we do? Don't stop with just saying what we shouldn't do.
@SenJohnMcCain you did nothing to help. You supposed the last administration. You sir need to retire!
US citizens need to protect themselves from harm by heeding US travel alerts. NK is one of those places. We cannot assume we will be safe.
no more tours into N. Korea! We must get the other 3 out in the name of Otto. Politics has made me sick, POTUS is inept.
And what did you do about it when he was captured? I don't remember hearing anything from you!
Something needs to be done about this tyrant. Bomb him. Scud missle right between the eyes.
What could Trump possibly do and you not criticize? How's your pal Soros doing by the way?
I hear Soros is your backer for your Institute.U backed Obama u have a ton of blood on ur hands traitor
North Korea is a totalitarian hellhole. Hope one day it will be just a hole.
Wouldn't it be awesome if Mueller's investigation led to McCain . That would be justice.
Congressman, please consider U.S. travel ban to N. Korea. It's time! Rational basis.

Kim Jung Un's North Korea held #OttoWarmbier in brutal captivity. He came home in a coma and died.

Trump's said Jung Un's a "smart cookie." 
After something is done to NK, will you take on the US prisons & jails where people die regularly from neglect & abuse?
McCain institute funded by Soros affiliate? How low can you go?
US Citizens have no business being anywhere near N.Korea to begin with. N. Korea is not a day camp.
We shouldn't accept their hostile actions anymore than we accept your hostile actions towards @POTUS.  NWO IS DEAD!
Given your own experiences, one would think you'd be a little less eager to put others at such risk.
Why do you always seem to be trying to start another shooting war?
Is it not enough that we are at war with 7 countries?
Must it be 8? 9?  ?
67 years is enough in Korea. Otto is an act of war! What are you going to do? Fix it and bring our troups home from Korea!
will the U.S do anything else besides condemning the murder of American student by North Korean regime???

Please explain compassion to Pres Stupid
His public remarks yesterday were appalling
At least someone stepped up
#impeachment
What are you going to DO, Senator? We've had enough of your talk. Do something!
Are complicit! Next you're going to kill millions of Americans by allowing your KKK pals to pass health care! Shame on The late John McCain!
Explain why you are associated with Clinton  and worse SOROS  #Corrupt
you are right John sad by his death but Americans need to stay OUT of these countries!!!
This from @SenJohnMcCain  who supported the torture of thousands in black sites &  in Guantanamo in the name of American freedom - Hypocrite
Trump doesn't have the balls to do something.
It is a tragedy, but people who choose to go to North Korea knowing its history of arresting tourists shouldn't be our highest priority.
@Echinanews 
I'm sorry to be cynical and real but North Korea borders with China and Russia and without their permit U.S.A IS STUCK ...
@KremlinRussia 
I'm sorry to be cynical and real but North Korea borders with China and Russia and without their permit U.S.A IS STUCK  ...
@realDonaldTrump 
I'm sorry to be cynical and real but North Korea borders with China and Russia and without their permit U.S.A IS STUCK ...
We should also not tolerate hostile actions within our country with the increased hate crimes
We should put North Korea off limits for all Americans until such time they rejoin the civilized world.  Except Dennis Rodman.  He can stay.
ever heard about #guantanamo?  Bloodthirsty old #warmonger
Sen. McCain. I'm with you on this call. How can any so-called human being do something like this to another human being?
Tell us what you would do to support potus and America. Don't just run your mouth.
What did you do to assist in his release or the others being held captive in NOKO?
You can barely string a coherent sentence together mate, maybe leave the declarations of war to someone who can.
Agreed.
Trump doesn't like that he was caught.
So true! We are with you on that condemnation. Meanwhile you should look at what USA does to it's own, many deaths unaccounted for also.
Truth, politicians do not answer to us, they answer to the rich, the corporations who fund them. McCain sold out like they all do.
Didn't he break their law? Sit down down grandpaw
Wow! The hypocrisy here is immense. We're no better than North Korea, we torture and murder innocent people everyday, just ask DT.
More appropriate rhetoric, Senator, but talk is cheap.
I see you corrupt politicians have found a way to convince Americans to support invading another country...
You being a lukewarm republican we will get someone in the White House that will allow everything, plus pay our enemies money
DO SOMETHING THEN. You are a Senator yet all you do lately is talk about GEE WE SHOULD DO SOMETHING. Take action. Enough is enough.
Weak presidents tolerate anything. Just like China said. Donald Trump is a weak leader
No, Trump is anything but weak. China did not respect Obama because Obama didn't even respect his own country.
I despise what trump admin. is doing, but not surprised. Your "concern" over issues means nothing when you still go ahead & support them.
Senator, you and I both know damn well that N.K. murdered Otta Warmbier. I'm glad that you spoke out. This MUST be addressed. NO MORE!
Now you're outraged? This kid was in NK before Trump took over. You did nothing! You of all people should have fought harder to get him home
What should the action be?
Show us the Mean TrumpCare. Follow the legislative process. Hang your head in shame.Withstood torture, but lost your soul over this
Can you get this traitor out of the Whitehouse?
Please just don't blame obama
I can't imagine the memories & trauma U go thru every time a hostage does not come  May u find comfort and peace  1
Make sure our country doesn't turn into dictatorship... keep press ope and free
Please keep US citizens safe too with good healthcare for all
you shouldn't say that about Crumps other boyfriend, he is after all "a pretty smart cookie."
Given the opportunity Trump would torture and murder as well. I suspect you know that.
Apparently there is no red line in North Korea!  Where is the moral courage of our nation?
We stand by & do nothing while millions in NK suffer outrageous hardship, our citizens r tortured 2 death & Kim thumbs his nose @ the world!
America has been weakened more by #Trump. He's not respected in  or world. Syria bombing was a joke. He's In over his head
We don't want another war out of this John. Remember America murders its own as & nobody is ever held to account.  CIA?
Maybe US citizens should not travel to NK and also remember that they are not in their own country & need to behave.
Seems many are ready to judge him so harshly. He was a kid and did not deserve to die.
Dear Senate McCain, Never trust Moon. He is China's dog. We have to finish NK dynasty.
No one deserves that kind  of treatment . A naive college student or a soldier POW period .
Shame on you McCain. You've sold your soul. We will remember. You will fail. Repent.
can you spell neutron  x6
Mr. Mccain why are u suddenly acting with such compassion. U lack compassion for people losing their heathcare. 
We should also not tolerate the way the GOP is trying to take healthcare away from 23 mill Americans.  GOP new H-care is called Wealthcare!
And Obama ruined the greatest healthcare in the world! Now you want to keep this unaffordable "healthcare"?
Your sanctions on russia will lead to nuclear war -
So should we go to war with them? You are always a hawk.
So sad indeed. I'm praying for his family
I find this sad, but what again was he doing over there?
So what did our government do to get him home?
Very true. They killed the young man for a poster. What are we planning to do about it?
You should worried about GOP trying secrete healthcare bill without no debate Democracy is under seize Discuss this in senate
John Mcain is an Isis tool
Otto was killed by the USA government, which always violates the sovereignty of other countries....
What did you do John? Did you ever stand up to your buddy obama on this, did you pressure Kerry to get Otto out?
What should we do?
Don't worry about it trump said China is going to take care of North Korea.  They shared a beautiful piece of chocolate cake.
Yes I agree sir. Now about that health care bill that is being done in secret. Um what's your plan & position on it ?
1) How much pressure did you put on Obama to bearing him home? 2) Did you thank President Trump for working so hard to get him home?
But don't give a shit about the 23 millions the Republicans are about to kill!Palin killed you!incoherent@hearing!One last good? Balls? Wtf
Choose not to enter North Korea and you avoid these situations.
Watching your humanity and how you act on this healthcare bill. Nobody should travel to North Korea. It's wrong.
but a little money from the #MittelmanTrustFoundation to you, and the US does tolerate it... @newportbeachgov @dennisrodman @FBI @POTUS @VP
He has to Deal with his own house before he tries 2 deal with NK. Many people have been savagely killed by police here in the US.
Then why do you, sir?
What did you do to bring him back any sooner?
But no comment on #PhilandoCastile ? 
Ole John finally said something that made sense
Agreed.
Traitor!!! Support the president or Quit!!!
.@GOP 
Hostile gov: not ok US gov: is ok
no gun regs supports @nra & Americans are killed
no healthcare=more dead Americans
safety regs gone=more dead Americans
safe air regs gone=+asthma, lung probs & dead Americans
fracking=earthquakes, filthy h2o & destruction
coal ash in streams=just fine with Trump
lead & other poison in h2ol so corps make $
unsafe products that kill Americans
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain , you continue to be a cogent, reliable source of wisdom amidst the madness.
My heart goes out to his family.
What are you doing to our health care?
So sad. NK tortured and killed a US citizen and will get away with it. And will continue to test nukes. Why isn't he our top focus? Scary!!
The U.S. should also not vote on a Healthcare Plan that has not been vetted or that the American people have not seen.
