Try to maintain some dignity, you limelight-seeking fraud.  You are a blantant liar, and you embarrass us all.
Does any1 think its a little odd that Russia was bombed Monday, Syria Tuesday...I think Russia was involved 2 force America 2 work w them
Hmmmmm......interesting thought.
Russia made the deal to get rid of the chemical weapons, Assad wasnt supposed to even have anymore....idk I think something is fishy there
Wow. That's some crazy stalker sauce right there, yep.
Dear Senator McCain, when you receive the letter above, DO NOT OPEN.
I will not listen to this gutless human byproduct.
who ru talking about? McCain? The war hero?!
Everyone is subject to change..former hero, Current pissbag.
Y is he a pissbag?
He's a Chicken Hawk, a warmongering muthafucka.
Again!!!! MSNBC. Do you not get it John? Please explain to us that you work for  and pay your salary what you are thinking by being on there
Who cares what you say. You're an MSM puppet.
This is nothing but Trump & Russia trying to get us OFF the investigation. Russia using Trumps stupidity to destroy our gov't. This is
I don't like what happened, but he's no traitor. I am sorry. Probably every single person calling him one should spend 5 1/2 years as a POW.
Sorry, do not watch #FakeNews shows like @chucktodd. Come on a @FoxNews show and we'll hear your points. #MAGA 
fox news????? ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Why are you constantly joining in with the liberal press...if you want to be a Democrat, just change party's
And Mitch McConnell is being blackmailed by Trump .. so you are ceding power to Trump while protecting Mitch's secrets and OUR peril ..
SHAME ON YOU AND YOUR GOP COLLEAGUES!
This is a world concern what has UN done or said 
What about Canada he's cute but he needs to be heard now where is #Putin #Germany
Get off the camera, get off Twitter and actually DO Something! You are part of the problem.
Let The UN handle Syria. Keep USA out !!!
Hey remember when you said this but now we are stuck with #gorsuch? Good times. Always nice to be able to count on GOP hypocrisy
he said he didnt wanted2, but he would have 2 b forced 2 do so..McCain is 1 of the only decent repubs left...remember tho he is still a Repb
I wish he and Lindsey Graham weren't Republican.
You're the guy caught singing loudly & off key when the music stops. No one believes you and your false narrative anymore.
Yup. On with chuck Todd bc irrelevant with his own party.
DRAIN THE SWAMP....How much cash are you getting from your Military Industrial Complex and banker BUDDIES? How do you sleep at night?
Don't forget abt that #RussiaGate investigation while ur banging war drums, Senator.
We should NOT launch any strikes!We can't get sucked into a war right after a FAKE WAR IN IRAQ that hammered our econ w/ $9.2 Tril war Debt!
Defensive weapons for Ukraine was blocked at RNC by Trump campaign. 
Collusion?
Not once have you stood up and said .. we should wait and see if Trump is compromise by Russia NOT ONCE instead you have ceded power to him
You & @LindseyGrahamSC save your crocodile tears
You've ceded the power of U.S. Senate to a Godless leader with only a 34% approval rating
You always appear on the Pravda-like fake-news presenters. Why?
Only Liberals want to talk to John McCain anymore. Smell the dead fish?  TRAITOR!!!! @SenJohnMcCain
Its time to retire. You've done enough.
Senator, What Happened?? You used to be a patriot, a real American Hero! Sad that you've become another unthinking Trump minion. #Gorsuch
Take another nap John. US better off as you doze.
McConnell in virtual tweetstorm trying to pass the blame for destroying democratic legislature. Fail. It will forever be on Repubs.
Warmonger!
& by he, I mean to say Putin!!!
Assad is second to the Russian problem. Shouldn't get sidetracked  This is a chance for Trump make out he is a hero. Big Con.
John it's sorry to see how bad your getting. The Republican Party deserves more from you. Is the agent orange messing with your brain?
How much Raytheon kick you back for each cruise missile launched?
Your words are meaningless!
Don't leave room for yellow cowards to worry about what Russia will do. There is only 1 language he will understand & it's not Russian!!!
I will vote dem to end Trump in both 2018/2020. But I want you to know you are the one GOP I feel has any shred of integrity. I'm sorry.
I lost all respect for you today! Of course you had a choice and the honorable thing would've been to vote NO on rule change
Good. But, shame on you for the Nuclear Option.
Resign.
Perfect spot for you
you guys need some member berries
. Trump is looking for an escape from his Russia and domestic problems. He sure wasn't caring about Syria refugees. Faker
Including support for demolishing Senate traditions?
Mr. McCain has been saying this for years but Obama was too stubborn to listen I hope that Mr. Trump will act swiftly.
Isn't it hypocritical to say it's not good to change the rules but then vote for that exact action??
The intelligence guys who reported Saddam had WMDs suckered you again Senator? #nowarwithsyria
he doesn't need 2 b suckered he is in on it! War must b prosperous 4 him!
You would do this country some good for once if you would just keep your mouth shut between you & MSM all we get is lies & more lies
I wonder if @realDonaldTrump knows w/o support of KKKongress he will B setting himself up 4 impeachment? Pence/Tea Party rally as we speak!

Thank u for your leadership, for trying to reach across the aisle, your honesty across all topics. You are the good & decency in Congress
U gonna blame everything on Obama WTF  happened to u
Coming from a liberal dem 
I don't like u anymore at all
Will Curly be there?
Amazing you make a secret trip to Syria on Feb 23 and a month later a gas attack supposedly by Assad. #falseflag
It is too bad that Mr. McCain lost to Obama because if he was the president there would have been no Assad, no ISIS and no Mullah's regime.
You've got to be the dumbest f--- ever elected.
#nowarwithsyria
I encourage every single American to disregard Gorsuch as a real SCOTUS justice, he represents an illegitimate appointment and affront to US
Can you discuss how you are betraying your constituents? How you changed the rules because you can't win? #StopGorsuch
John, please don't let yourself be use... Thanks
Disgusting human being.  My father was a war hero who didn't come home and take a fuckign flamethrower to his country for a paycheck.
Iraq and Afghanistan are a disaster and now they want to add Syria? Implement an end game to that hell on earth called the Middle East first
The expectation that over half of America is supposed to just sit there watching their rights trampled by bad faith is INSANE.  NEVER FORGET
I agree with ypu re: distrust and slippery slope!  Sad dayfor America, again.
Elections have consequences.
I live in a state with 12% of all Americans and 2% representation in the senate. There is no more America, thanks McCain, you destroyed it.
Why? Think you will convert any snowflakes?
I'm going to stand with #JohnMcCain on the Syria issue (take out airforce + safe zone) PLUS assassinate Assad. #Trump #Cnn #MTPDaily #Syria
You have delegitimized the United States Supreme Court.  You've wasted your entire life. Good faith is removed from USA politics now, thanks
You are a traitor to the American people. We don't want war.
McCain- Americans r done with Trump and all the lies. It's disgusting. Now after today u & most RP's  will be voted out. Seriously.
President Obama sent an AUMF to Congress in 2015,you all did nothing, why?
Your knee jerk reaction to everything is Oh' blame Obama, BUT JUST don't look at the feckless Trump  Putin, *Damn idiots
How DARE u blame Obama 4 Syria - YOUR Congress denied him approval to strike Syria. Syria/Russia is at fault for lying abt chemical weapons.
Unnerving McCain  energized by Syaria potential action creepy. 5 years a captive & eager 2 fight. Of course he's not going 2 b active 
captive?He made 50 propaganda videos 4 the Communist N Vietnamese!Gave flight info many died
Hey dimwit no one watches those fake news propaganda
Take action this time, to arrive late is better than not arriving at all.
Shame on you Sir!
You belong on MSLSD
Alqaeda's #1 supplier and favorite sinaturd.
Left wing media loves you wonder why
I'll venture a guess.  We should sanction, strike, and invade?  You're so predictable, John!  Recycle same statement for every crisis?
You really need to STOP, you are way past your prime and may suffer from dementia.
You are very honourable mister McCain
Dems let the Republicans have this 1 (action against Assad)  they have the votes they don't even have 2 #gonuclear @SenWarren @keithellison
I have lost faith in you. You caved. We must be bi-partisan to get us out of this mess we are in as a country. I believed in you.
Why didn't you fix the issue back in 2012?  Hmm
great ..
Shut up! Now, I'm done with ur bullshit lies! You should choose people over party but instead you voted to change the rules to fit ur agenda
have to go fake news to get on air-stop your war mongering
BOOOOOOOOO We don't want anymore regime change BOOOOOOO
war waR WAR!!!!!!
#SyriaHoax  Why the outrage over chem attack & not bombs, massacres & beheadings? #Fakenews agenda ? WW3 up next? TRUMP BEWARE of the trap.

