Grabbing dinner in Capitol Hill and came across a reunion I just had to share. Welcome back @SenJohnMcCain 
This should be the poster for term limits
They're all traitors to their party.  They are jealous Trump beat them, they'll never get over it.
3 Bonerless Boners! Biggest Bonerless Boners in DC besides Schumer & Co. No Balls. Just Gashes! 3 old Gashes!
Look the 3 stooges! One is unfit to serve, the other a midget with less than 1% who supported him and a quitter who smokes and fake bakes.
No one cares about your selfies, Senator. We care about the state of our crumbling democracy, & how the GOP is letting it happen
Oh fer Gawds sakes!!!!
Three obstructionists who refuse to lower my Taxes and get rid of Obamacare
John McCain u r so awesome. Please don't repeal a health care bill just to make something  happen.
Make sure it cares for the least of our brothers...
Well you're certainly uninformed if you think McCain is great! Ha!
I hope you all enjoyed dinner and spent some time discussing how to save your party from Trump's reign of chaos. Please restore some sanity.
Yes! Please! Or I may have to leave this country. Trump is insane!
Make this country great again, leave!
3 Rinos how sweet
Did Lindsey blow you after dinner
Where is Chuck ?
You guys :)
Traitors, all three...This legacy is forever yours.
Nice to see the Democrats getting along
3 stooges
like ticks on a dog, Washington deceivers!!!
3 Butt buddies....  traitors... 3 losers..
The Rino and Swamp club.  Thank god for @realDonaldTrump
Three fools. Thanks for being a good Democrat Senator- quit taking GOP money. Pure evil.
Hey, is that smear campaign McStain?  FusionGPS colluder and illegal leaker of classifed intel.  What a "hero"!  Piece of sh**.
.finding more ways to collude with the enemies of conservatives & the American people? #pjnet

Someone got to him as he was for full Repeal & Replace #ObamaCare 
Did he get paid off  #DrainTheRhinoSwamp 
@MeghanMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @markpmeredith "you had so much brain removed, your a dem now!"
Never thought I would say this, but Oh how I wish Boehner was speaker of the house at such a time as this!

If true, he put himself headfirst into the trash bin of history... https://twitter.com/jackposobiec/status/891033871181021184 …
The Swamp.

Why did McCain vote no on Obamacare repeal? George Soros is a massive donor to his foundation:

Read and RT!

…
Two RINO friends?
YOUR Friends, ALL SOROS SHILLS and TRAITORS to America! Shocking U are a TRAITOR to AMERICANS as well. U can't exit the Senate soon enough!!
You are looking true democrats, they have done more damage that chunky Schumer.
My 3 heroes!
Larry, Curly and Moe
Three old school inside the beltway on their way to losing re election. Live it up now boys. Happiness is fleeting.
Three amigos...three fake Republicans
glad you get along with the ones who hate the president and will never work with him on any thing.Your all rino traitors
 yup this is a funny joke. 
Sorry you have sold out America and the republicans. I had hope .. now gone.. Dems will always run things
My trust in all politicians is gone. You're of one class, we of another. Many rights are being dispensed with including the right to choose.
And now that you've gotten back at a man you hate at the expense of GOP party I hope you feel better emotionally. You insulted many GOP.
@HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @speakerboehner Nice to be able to enjoy dinner. Middle/upper-Middle can't and it has nothing to do w/healthcare
@realDonaldTrump this image needs to be pinned to the Oval Office wall. Establishment!
It makes one understand how drunken @SpeakerBoehner predicted healthcare would never get passed!
A bunch of RINO wusses.  You all need to go!!
Very nice!!!!
Thanks for betraying the American people ..
RINOS Dining on our dime. How sweet.
I can smell the sellout from here
3 of the biggest assclowns ever to walk the planet!
Three Rinos walk into a bar....
3 scum bags that got rich off our backs and delivered shit for no one
Three blind mice
Heard you were a vindictive SOG.
You proved it.
Jam the POTUS at the expense of the American people. 
You're also a LIAR. 2010
These three collaborating the demise of the Republican Party.  It figures
How about some middle class relief? Ballooning health care costs, oh that's right, had to prove you were a Maverick again.
You guys sure look good!
Must B great to have A+ insurance while the rest of America is forced 2live w/terrible ACA insurance.3RHINOS WHO screw the people.Congrats!!
You all need to go. You're the true enemy of this nation.
Talk about a bunch of traitors!!
Too bad McCain didn't choke on his bitterness. Hatred of DJT is his revenge. Childish! Not fit to serve.
A wanna be democrat..
Three losers
three poison snakes!
Was that before or after u caucused w Dems on Senate floor? Saw the pic of u celebrating in the center of a circle of Dems.U r that bitter?
Thank you Senator McCain for doing the right thing last night.
God Bless You! Arizona has your back!
Lindsey Graham is a closet republican. Vote this piece of shit out of office!!
Planning his betrayal of America
Traitors to America! You lied in Vietnam and you lie again to American people! Sorry you're sick but you need to resign now! Failed America!
You have to visit our areas Rojava Kurdistan syrian Mr John McCain.
Thank you for standing up for regular order. That chaotic attempt at legislation should never succeed & set a precedent. Get well senator
GLAD John McCain ENJOYED his  FANCY DINNER...

WE CANNOT AFFORD a nice FANCY DINNER!

WE ARE WORKING TO PAY FOR OUR FRAUDULENT HEALTHCARE
Get your chit together
Was chuck schumer and bernie sanders there
3 POS's that have been screwing the American people for decades. No more, we are going to relieve the 2 remaining donkey Rhinos soon!
Three PUSSIES all in a row. When did you guys decide to help destroy this once great Nation?
@MeghanMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerBoehner @markpmeredith  Useless Deep State losers.
He's THE PUPPET!
Three disgusting RINO scum in the same place. ALL of you should just go away.
True Democrats Fake Republicans where is your buddy Schumer?!
On whose dime?
Dinner with three RINO's - way to go - thanks for listening to the People - you guys are a joke.
I hope you enjoyed your dinner at the taxpayers expense. Thanks for letting us down last night and lying to us about repeal and replace.
The 3 Scumbags
RINOS All!!!
America's 3 biggest National Disgrace
On the menu...swamp meat with a side of swamp, capped off with a nice bottle of swamp water.
They just will not go away!!!  Hopefully they paid and it does not show up on an expense report.
A bunch of losers! All three! Soros puppets!!
You sir are a real American Patriot and hero!  Thank you!
3 POSs
Good Ole Boys club, McCain and Lindsey still selling the American Citizens down the road. #tcot #FullRepeal #TermLimits #GoodOldBoys
I can only imagine the main topic of conversation!  Thank you!
#SwampCreatures #DrainTheSwamp
Barf to all 3 of you losers
3 stooges.
Another knife in the backs of middle class working Americans by John McCain and the Liberal Elites.

you are with the right crowd all libs & loosers
Hope Mitch was looking into your eyes Senator, when you .
You are a Great man Sir.
Three traitors to the American people. You all suck.
This is the GOP. Thank you for your work and for saving health care for millions.
Here is McCain with the only constituency he cares about- Chuck Schumer and democrats as they keep ObamaCare
Are they having their compassion node removed too before the next vote?
All 3 are #Rinos.
So 3 democrats walk into a bar...sounds like an old familiar joke
#TermLimits
Thanks for the extra $178,000,000 dollars minimum you just cost the American taxpayer!
this picture is everything that is wrong with the Republican party. The three stooges.
A lot of people in this country can't afford to go out to eat.  At 180k salary, you think you can get any work done this year?
How dare you! You should be ashamed.
Your not American Hero I use to look up to you, not anymore. Your not Hero your traitor, go to the DOC where you belong.
I'm happy that you and your buddy Lindsey had great dinner while American people starving, high OBC, but what do you care you don't have OHC
ALL RINOs!'!
Repeal the ACA
Thank you for giving Graham and others the political cover they needed by voting with the courageous Murkowski and Collins.
I know your daughter will love this: http://www.mediaite.com/online/glenn-beck-repeatedly-vomits-at-mention-of-meghan-mccains-naked-psa/ …
U guys r tooooo cute! Heart y'all!
. @LindseyGrahamSC omg give GOP hell!
Respect to you and the stand you took today. You are a good man John.
Sen McCain... Jokes on you! We despise your family... your kids and Gkids will be dispised for generations.Most hated family!
Thank you Sir
Hero tonight, millions of lives saved.... once again. Thank you for standing up for what's right! 
I sincerely hope @SpeakerRyan is NOT with you people! I'm sickened...Ryan..I  stick up for you...You guys are right! #McCainTraitor
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP  You are selfish, selfserving. Step down McCain and Graham. #Obamacare #skinnybill
I'm a Democrat but you guys are my favorite Republicans
Wow, these three constitute the bowels of the swamp. This picture is literally defines why term limits are necessary for USA's longevity.
I miss the Boehn Man!
hope U&every member of your family is glowing with pride.Your father has done more for this country than it has ever done for him.God Bless
Meghan McCain Big thnx 2 Ur dad 4 his No 2 Evil Yes 4 PPL vote today.  Please give him big hug & kiss 4 the PPL #RememberHisHeart as U Move
Thank you for saving communist healthcare so now we can go full single payer!! An American hero and patriot, a progressive for the ages!!!
it's a sad when McCain is getting praise from the dems and backlash from his own party.

As it turns out all your Dad accomplished was to have dinner.  The McCain Legacy is now Obamacare! Take him home, he's useless to us.
Your just a very bitter old man. You don't care about we the people at all. What's your nickname oh the Song Bird!! No vets stand with you!
Shameful traitor just destroyed many Americans hopes
Shame on u! How about helping people like me!? $1050 a month healthcare bill?
Two of the biggest liars and traitors in the world, birds of a feather dine together
https://twitter.com/mitchellvii/status/890808479648169986 …
The 3 Stooges of Capitol Hill
Well, the photo, ur post says it all to your base. Giving us all the finger
Im paying 4 ur ins, my neighbors, my family's. And u vote 4 socialized 
3 bought and paid for POS's
When history tells the tale of Americas 2nd Civil War it will be John McCain & his ilk that are synonymous w/the likes of Benedict Arnold.
