Why don't you care about the citizens of Arizona that needs less expensive health care costs
May God bless him.


McCain you need to take a medical leave of absence because that's affecting your brain you're cheating the American people
I wonder how proud Bud would be of you after seeing you walk in grandstanding fashion thumbs down a replace and repeal Obama care. Eye roll
Trump doesn't like him. a man in every sense of the word!
You are ininformed with mccains history maam.  Do some research please

Thank you, Senator, for your own sacrifice as well, and for your service to our country!
And the ukrainian Nazi
Traitor!
Good for Col. Bud Day! Songbird, on the other hand, seems to have spilled his guts taking the easy way out!
Who cares! RESIGN!
every good American does hes a war heroe how about you spend time in a camp and tell me if your response is the same till then zip it. Lib.
Yes!
What about all of the POW/MIA's that you left behind??????
thanks for your service to this great country.
Thank you for your moving tribute to Col. Day. I was privileged to meet him while working on your 2008 race. Truly a great man.
Strong-minded heroes full of moral fibre like your cellmate & you, sir, give me confidence we'll eventually overcome this crisis of democra-
cy - maybe even stronger &more united than before 20 January 2017. Thank you for your principled service to the . #POWMIARecognitionDay
THANK YOU @SENJOHNMcCAIN.
Bud Day would be ashamed of you now because you won't repeal the Socialist Obamacare.
And what about you??? I'm not so sure you stayed true to America!
Please think of the Vets who need medical care. Maintain your honor @SenJohnMcCain Vote NO to this despicable healthcare bill.
Idiot
Do you ever think of Col Hackworth in the same way?
Wonder if we will ever know what really happened
With tears in my eyes, I thank both of you brave heros for your unbelievable courage and service to our country.
Protect ACA
I think your dad is awesome.
Not so with the 'Songbird'-right johnny?
Cellmate? Almost all POW's in Hanoi Hilton were isolated.  Were you both privileged because you talked.
Good question
Unfortunately, our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump says stupid things like "I don't like people who were captured". & u support him. #impeachTrump
Thank you for your service! You are an American Hero!
You are a true inspiration in so many ways.
Please do the right thing on healthcare, the country is counting on http://you.Country  over party. Do not forsake those in need...
It was an honor to work for each of you. Thanks for your service and hardship
Did you get treated at the VA? I didn't think so!
Retire traitor
Right! He was someone you admired. Because you couldn't be like him.
You were priviledged by who your father was.  You earned nothing on your own.  Even now no concern for your state, only yourself.
Thank you for that beautiful eulogy. You are a great man and inspire so many!
Thank u so much for sharing, Sen McCain. We honor your friend with u.
I can't imagine
words fail me

yours,
Eunice
Who effings cares.Think about the American people u screwed over because of your childish hatred of POTUS.And yes,he's Prez and you're not.
Sen.McCain. Thank you for your service and quite frankly for protecting my butt.
Go feed the ducks somewhere dick head, you fk'ed up the repeal and replace bill asshole
TOO bad His Cup of TRUTH is CRACKED
Resolute
In today's world If you bombed people from the sky and got caught and went to jail would you still be called a Hero ? Probably not.
God Bless you & from the bottom of my heart thank you for your sacrifices & service
had to read this twice I thought you were talking about Obama
Can't say the same for you traitor
Amazing story. Sounds like an amazing man. Thank you for your service.
Thank you, Senator, for always fighting for us! Ret. Navy Chief!
Spoken like a true American Hero.  Let us never forget those who were never returned to their families. God bless them all.
@MeghanMcCain @KatTimpf eh probably another made up story from a serial liar https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=q2VeDtttLCk …
#repeal&replace
is he the one you grassed to the enermy
So blessed to have someone in your life so special.We die twice,physically and again when the last person on earth who knew us dies God Bles
Both of you sir, are true patriots & heros!!!!!
ing & uplifting .
yes.

Did he receive a presidential pardon?
Beautiful tribute
Much admiration and respect for sacrifices you have made for our country. Thank you for the reminder, today, of what's important!
I wish U wellness. UR battle is touch but so R U. U have & still serve OUR country well Good ppl strive to do the right thing &help others
Thank you for your service and bravery!
The one you snitched on Songbird!

You are the only reason I still remain a republican.
that is what an American Hero looks like not that THUG WHO NEVER SERVED
Thank you for your service.
Good for you to remember him again. Bravo
Thank you for serving, the past is the past. Due your job! Balance the federal budget! Build the Wall! Repel Obamacare! Drain the Swamp!
That was such a beautiful tribute. Sometimes the worst circumstances bring the most wonderful people into our lives. So sorry for your loss.


Your service and sacrifice will never be forgotten.
Think about the people who you are hurting by being a traitor and not support @POTUS  !! Term limits plz! Drain the swamp
But Senator McCain finally broke, confessed and cooperated
Thank you
They should have left you in that Cell RHINO.

Look at higher premiums because of you! How could you do this to Americans
so sorry you endured this but glad you survived.
Thank you.
Why today? Looking for attention also?
Okay. Now pass heathcare reform.
I met Bud Day when I was 19 yrs old...he was a great American...and that is an understatement
Shut up
Thank you Senator for your service and courage in Vietnam
Thanks
Unlike you traitor
Be the patriot we all think you are and reject the dirty tricks being used to ram bills thru!
Your a hero John
Praying your doing well Senator McCain.
a real inspirational speech given from the heart. Thank you for sharing John McCain!
Luv u bad...zz...@MeghanMcCain
perfect
Did you turn him in when you were a POW also, McCain??
No words...except I'm sorry and thank you.
God bless and keep you! You will be reunited in God's time with all you love dear heart! Trust and Believe he is real! 
That was one of the most moving, heartfelt tributes I have heard. I am weary for a world where there are good people who respect and love.
Thank You for your example, service and lessons in friendship, respect and doing what's right and just. "Bud" was lucky to have known you
Not like you!!!!! You broke down and gave up Intel. Many American soldiers died because of you
I remember meeting him once as well. It was an honor
That's the American spirit. And you and your ilk will not brake us no matter how hard you try. Please resign.
It's too bad your treasonous ass ever came back to this country.
As much as I love you as a war vet, please retire and enjoy a life a leisure. Let someone else take up the reins as a Senator of Arizona.
I love you 
I met General Day before his death  Hooah sir  Hooah.  May he rest in peace.
Hr620 needs your attention. Don't crap on the disabled.
But you provided the enemy with enough intelligence on him to try!
Thank you Senator McCain for your service. You are a hero!
In the same spirit, I visited the grave of VADM Stockdale today at @NavalAcademy this afternoon. #NeverForget!
My condolences, Senator.  That was a beautiful and meaningful tribute.
Thank you for your service Senator.
Time to retire and concentrate on your health. You are not helping the President
That's because he was a real soldier,  unlike you TRADER!
Unlike you songbird! Why do you fight to hide pow records
I am grateful that you are with us. Grateful for the privilege to say Thank You for giving your lifetime to your country..your herorism. 
I hope Donald listens to this!!
You sir are a true American hero. Stay well senator and thank you for your service.
I cannot imagine what you went through.  God Bless You!
Thank you. Thank you and Bud Day. No words for your courage.
God Bless.  
Remember him next time you vote, fraud
Sen. McCain, as a former Infantry Marine OIF/OEF combat veteran, I honor your service and that of all your fellow POWs. You are all heroes.
Yet you taught ESL classes 4 your captors. McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
Your Pres.Dont like POWs??????Making America Draft Dodgers Hating again in public
Unlike you ... Isn't that right John????
AND THANK YOU MR. McCAIN!!!
You were a traitor then and still are!
Thinking of your cell mate being tortured while you were singing like a bird? I despise you.
Thank you Sir for your service!!!
Too bad you sung like a canary when they cut back your rice...

Thank you for your service and your sacrifice.
Salute!
Song bird Johnny.
McCain has Nerve. New Report about McCain! Special Treatment, Refused to Investigate #POWMIA & Bullied Requesters!
It is incredible what POWS have to endure physically and spiritually to survive and afterwards to readjust to society.  You are a real hero!
Beautiful..sending love and prayers Sen. McCain.
Thank you,Senator McCain.
I disagree with you often sir, but you are not only one of America's, but one of my heroes. Thank you for your service and your humanity.
