Why do you always want to help everyone but Americans?
Psalm 55:22
#Cast your #burden on the #Lord, And He shall #sustain you; He shall never permit the #righteous to be [1/2]
moved. [2/2]
Psalm 103:13
As a #father pities his #children, So the #Lord pities those who #fear Him.
Fake faith leaders are killing the truth! Just stop it.
Why don't you concentrate & pass laws for OUR Country!
Thank you and @SenatorDurbin for your leadership on this!
Leadership ? Are you kidding me. How about liar. Repeal first. WE ARE SUFFERING UNDER OBAMACARE PLEASE HELP.
What happened to REPEAL ? Remember campaigning on REPEAL ? Totally unacceptable ! Please help Americans get out from under O care first
Watch this video,you will find what is really happening in #Rakhine.https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1750300221681494&id=112882212089978&refsrc=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Ftheirrawaddy%2Fvideos%2F1750300221681494%2F&_rdr …
Thank you Sirs. You are NOT hero-worshippers of #SuuKyi.

Hi good morning for Democrats and Republicans in this moment of crisis , but are all unites against this problems .
You should talk to the US President.
Priorities - healthcare, taxes, fund the Wall!! @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenTomCotton @sendavidperdue
okay
The latest Catholic genocide in the Philippines was misreported by the WSJ as Muslim attacks on Muslims. ISIS is everywhere!
Bot account
Focus on Americans please. Thank you.  Signed, American people
Yes ! It would be nice if these politicians would actually do what they said they would do. REPEAL BEFORE ANYTHING ELSE PLEASE
Thanks for your efforts for saving impending genocide in Mayanmar against Rohingyas
Please stop faking illegal immigrants of Bangladesh as Rohingya. These buggers are a problem in India too.
But you voted NO to Harvey Relief.  You care more about Dreamers & Rohingyas than American citizens.  Shame on you.
Ethnic cleansing at its best. Sham on humanity
Time to put America first ! Do your words mean nothing ? There should be only one focus. Hello Americans #FULLREPEAL PLEASE
Your Saudi bosses ask you to support "Rohingya" / aka Indian muslims invading yet another Buddhist country?
That's special would you like that area to go to Russia and China who are using militant Muslims ? Attacking police centers
We have BLM and antifa destroying our country, injuring people, destroying confederate monuments and you worry about non-Americans.
You're an American elected representative of the USA so focus on your own country and stay out of the business of other countries.
Thanks Democrat McCain. You suck
Thank you Senator, can we now turn to the multiple human rights violations that are occurring right here in America.
How 'bout a Resolution condemning members of the Senate & House who don't have enough "working days" to take care of PEOPLES business? #MAGA

Here's the Durbin "Orthodox Catholic" exchange:  https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4681442/durbin-consider-orthodox-catholic …


How about introducing resolution for term limits retroactive to last year?  The harm you've perpetrated on Americans & Sm Biz indefensible
Yeah because that's a priority for the American people. You're pathetic SongTerd. Many Americans in need NOW. @OANN #TermLimits #SwampRat
Thank you for this Senator McCain.
Oh and thank you also Senator Durbin. 
Do the two of you even know where these people live,  what county they are in? They need help but you are a grand stander.
Why don't you demand the MSM cover it?  It is only on Breitbart and other online news sources.
How about resolution to quit screwing americsns and eliminate Ocare exemption. Bet not hypocrite
How do I really feel? Don't ask, you can't handle the truth. RETIRE Brutus
I salute you from my heart for being Humble, Human, Hero  for feeling the pain of #Rohingya, although not many care.. God Bless you Always
You have made yourself irrelevant with your petty, vindictiveness. Just RETIRE go away and let is forget about you Brutus.
Forrestal, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute, songbird, 894/899, a lifetime of shame. RETIRE Brutus
Did the people of Burma elect you guys for anything? Didn't think so, do your job for the American people or get out of the way...
Hey dummy, there's a report your brain is n/b on I-95. Just in case you're beginning to miss it. RETIRE Brutus
she's acted for decades against 'big money' to spare this
transnational corporations hollowed out government 4 profit

U elected 'big money'
Wow that will make a differance. How bout focusing on giving us something other than ACA. We can't fly off to Mayo Clinic like you
Ashamed of you in more ways than one
Annnnnd John's next bombing target is revealed. Who had Myanmar in the pool?
Thank you, Senators.
Thank you
hey John, how bout working on Americas bigger priorities and you  get back to this after you retire. how bout health care that you promised
When are you going to Condemn violence by Antifa?
Wowsers. I knew there was a reason health care, taxes, immigration, budget, etc. Hasn't been taken care of. RETIRE Brutus
The USA should keep its liberal arrogant nose out of Myanmar.
Thank you for even bringing this up as no one else has & hasn't even be really reported on.
. Two idiots who have the same problem, they think we like traitors. johnny will be remembered as a Traitor.
America first McCain. In case you haven't noticed, there is a attack on our POTUS. I just can't figure out if U are part of that LIB attack
Please tell Senator Durbin to stop being prejudice against Catholics. Argue the law not the faith
Maybe you could introduce legislation that will allow me to afford health insurance? Haven't afforded insurance since ACA
Islam is not welcome in Buddhist nations.  Why visit Italy and complain about SE Asia or too many bad memories for you?




Thank you for being a good man
Thailand will be next to oust  the Islamic invaders from the south. They are Buddhist nations not formed on freedom of religion.
Intro a resolution condemning antifa against free speech
So neo-nazism is free speech? Hate speech is free speech?
As usual McCain does everything except what has to do with America
Sometimes he forgets he's not POTUS. Didn't anyone tell him he lost??
Is this why we elect politicians to Congress to write resolutions against individuals in other countries. I thought to serve US citizens.
Please vote no on this gop healthcare bill; my family's life depends on ACA.
Please do what you said and REPEAL OBAMA CARE IT'S PUT OF CONTROL. DO WHAT YOU SAID YOU WOULD DO AND REPEAL. THANK YOU
We have a lot of problems to address here in the USA. Please help the USA.
I read graham's hlth care idea. All your pretty words MEAN NOTHING!  So much for honoring us military families. You lied!
Hope your taking care of your health Mr McCain X

Okay now try doing something for the millions of Americans you let down.
Thanks for representing your states and America! Oh yeah, you don't give a shit about US... or U.S.  Retire already, windbags!
shows just how out of touch politicians are! Screw America let's concentrate on other stuff!
Senator #McCain I really wish you never had @SarahPalinUSA as your running mate. Cause you are a #hero and a man of #honer. #GodBlessYou
WTH are you talking about?
