How's about withholding this jackass president from destroying America...would seem to be more important than anything else.
Thanks for the update Johnny. What was your part in this? More hate on your side for progress as you are jealous you did not have USAsuppirt
Historically we haven't been all that consistent with this standard, so why target Egypt now?
Why are we giving anyone $290m when schools and roads are crumbling here? That could go along way towards Veterans here at home? @POTUS
Good. I have an Coptic Egyptian classmate with many sad, personal stories. We need to force a change
Decision only benefits terrorists. EGY's regime top priority safe strong Egypt as a country of Muslims & Chrisitians as top priority
I guarantee you Christians are not safe under current regime. Not asking for revolution, just a little change
Don't play this nasty game, US backed extremist Islamic groups who blow churches.
What about human rights in Iraq and what US did?????/
Perhaps we can use the held back funds to pay the overworked Secret Service employees?
Get over yourself!! Obama's trips were out of control, and spent millions. At least potus is staying in his own personal properties.
And, not paying for those golf games.
Very persuasive tactic, when it is the poor who will suffer?
Human rights? I know health care isn't a right,  but it's expensive. Thank you for making a way for me having to pay over 2,000 a month...
Ooh. Human rights. A strong driver of US foreign policy all-around the planet.
A strong cover for US Intel work world wide
All the blood that was shed because of your terrorists plans and support for ISIS will haunt u forever 
Many people suffered because of you
Please impeach Trump before he does something irreversible.
But what about healthcare?
Vote McCain and Jeff flake out
We shouldn't be giving other governments that much of OUR tax dollars anyway ---- friend or foe.
You are giving what you should to get some political leverage so your loss really
Great. About time. Almost better with the elected ones. Now Sissi is no better than Muslim brotherhood
Dnt speak about what you dnt know. If you love filthy criminal MBHians have them rule your country
His Tumor is the only thing gonna get to him.
Well he's not empathetic to Americans Health Care, because he exempted himself from Obama Care so why should I care about his.
All the while his state is suffering with Obama Care.  He's a Joke and a RINO
Please take care of yourself McCain better then your effort as Senator. Pray for your recovery, but your crazy senate actions are ridiculous
Must be sad to think you lost an election to Obama. Pretty weak showing for sure. Some of us had no choice other then vote for the nonparty
Kushner meeting still on with Egyptian officials??
Good John let's get the Brotherhood back in charge, I am sure your a supporter.

U'v been in D.C. To long!  Our expectations were immediate repeal & replace.  U touted a plan in place a d ready to repeal and replace now.
We should hold back on all foreign aid untill we are solvent.
Human rights of terrorists and spies #shame on you
... Says the man who's funding and arming terrorists in Syria. #MccainISaTerrorist
Tell Trump to kiss your ass
Human rights?....how about ObamaCare destroying  our lifes?
Time to rid the US of this unhinged, unfit @potus.  Get to work forcing him out.  Whether he resigns or is impeached, either is good.
good!  Might be time to call in all these loans we've given out over the past 50 years.
Jarod will fix it.......
Really John, ever about anything of substance?
And your point is what? For or against? I guess you need your ex-lax to have regular order before you can tell us, eh Brutus?
We need a strong Egypt as an ally. To not support them, especially now forces them to align themselves with another power, probably Russia.
That Really Is Exceedingly Complicated. Egypt... Obviously The History Is Massive. I Would Love To Hear Your Thoughts On Current Mid East.
Hmm. Complicated Stuff.
U r unqualified to make this statement, I know u would rather be dealing with the brotherhood then Sisi. Like u dealt with bagdadi.
Please apply the same standards to Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and the Philippines...or at least act like we would ...
Wow.
I'm sure you're having a pool party right now ...
Go back to bed Traitor.Cant wait for all of u to be voted out of office.It will happen..
Right now i'm more worried about the. Idiot POTUS we have in office. Trump is a danger to everybody in the country.
And Kushner's meeting in Cairo is CANCELLED! Kelly? Tillerson? McMasters? ANYBODY??...[crickets.....]
He met our president today
Good
US to withhold support of unfit, racist, corrupt president would be better. Now is the time.
trump is more fitter than obama.
Get back to work Democrat. 1 vote.
Why not withhold US troops to Afghanistan for failure to make progress in 16 year war?
Withhold all foreign aid, until Americans are out of poverty
How about withholding insurance company bailouts?  That would save a lot.
Are we doing much better right now?
REPEAL OBAMACARE!! Praying for your recovery from cancer.  Pray for me too as I am a cancer survivor, but won't have healthcare like you do.
How abt us BLM & Antifa plus who knows what else
You think we should pay money in and happy about giving it to others that can get their own.Give all your money to them you don't deserve it
You should care about getting the health care passed. I'm sorry you brain is not working clearly. Otherwise you would care about USA people.
If US is concerned with human rights issues, first it should cut off ties with Turkey after jailing 110 thousands people in a year.
Plus dismissing 60 thousand people from public services
Send the money straight to the wall budget
I was going to say something that would just come off as UnAmerican & unpatriotic...but we all know this is BS
So glad the US is still promoting democracy and human rights abroad! If Egypt can't do it, maybe we can use that money to further cause here
That's insane
Meanwhile, we're rapidly getting worse and worse with our US Human Rights issues each day 45 stays in office.
You are full of it..
You're a bot 
Be well.  Enjoy your day. You are a hero and I'm a Dem!
He is too.
Agree @SenJohnMcCain .  And, I'm discussed by how @realDonaldTrump attacked you last night in your home state!   It was shameful-a disgrace!
Did your mommy and daddy never teach you mr. McCain that you can't take it to hell with you. So much Envy and jealousy u have 4 trump!!!
You don't sound well.  Get some help!
Whatever do u mean miss Diana? Just because the media tells you that McCain is a war hero and American Patriot does not make it so.
So I promise you that I will check into getting some help if you promise me you will make an effort to get informed.
But Jared will fix things. Hahahaha.
John McCain you are steady and never take your eye off the ball! Thank you!
Unless he is voting

McCain needs to leave the Republican Party and join his alt left supporters. This is where his heart is.
What a speech last night Johnny!
You mean the way they are trying to with hold human rights in AMERICA?  What a bunch of hypocrites!!
It doesn't take much to see who McCain's supporters are.  He is a disgrace and diss appointment.  I no longer support this Rino!
Yay!  Weeding out the shitty ones!
If you support this altleft antagonist you are wading hip deep in it sister!
Well since there's no such thing as "alt-left" (made up by Sean Hannity lol) and John McCain isn't actually an antagonist.. I'm good !! :)
By the way... I'm not your sister. 
Got it bro.
Actually, I don't need to feel better.. I'm doing just fine! :)

This is bad news for our ships transiting across the suez... but we are in too much debt. Time for a detour around S. Africa.
Why do we pay countries to do things they should do? I don't get it.
We all know that answer. Because politicians don't do a damn thing for us. They do it for themselves.
the ancient Egyptians sold their land to Pharoah and stopped being landowners
looks like it's all about the Jubilee,
there
EAO
I really hate to say this but I truthfully believe that you would have been a worst president for America than Barack Hussein Obama!!!!
There is no reason to give Saudi Arabia money for something they are not going to Do! It's called pay off money!
Please speak out about the President's performance last night. Please continue to be the hero we need.
Really you must be a democratic..Trump 2020..
Don't forget we are the silent majority..Might not hear use but we vote
You r a cold-hearted hypocrit!  You r concerned about Egypt human rights, while you ALONE caused Replace and repeal to fail! What about US!
people r dying in YOUR country, YOUR constituents b/c they can't afford their insurance deductibles or premiums!  But your worried abo Egypt
@trish_regan @seanhannity @LouDobbs @JudgeJeanine @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  please cover this !
And why aren't we adding Saudi Arabia to that list? Talk about human rights violations! - they make Saddam Hussein look like a Boy Scout!

As we slip further and further from upholding human rights ourselves.
Soon we will be doing the same to red states.
And how much money and weapons still goes to KSA despite their human rights record?
What about Saudi Arabia?????
Even though I'm all for human aid given people money is not way "give a man a fish feed for a day teach'em feed for a lifetime"
We're nearly $20 trillion in debt...
thanks obama?
#GOPsilent #fireGorka
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 
#GOPsilent
https://mobile.twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/899764397148688384 …
1vote! 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …
Praying for your speedy recover sir

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Amen.
Please do that we don't need it

Full txt of United Nations warning to US on failure to reject racist violent events related to Charlottesville 
A trump supporter has very poor judgement... so your comment isn't valid.
