
Must be proud being a Republican and having your president going around you sorry pukes getting work done to the Democrats liking.
The new healthcare bill has major holes in it. No tax exemptions? Paying 10% on a 15k chemo round is a minimum of 1,500 + 10-40+ rounds, u
Will bankrupt the average American. That's 30k min a year for an averge American household @ 55k annually. This bill is disease unto itself.
A veterans daughter is unable to afford to bury her father.  He sounds a lot like you sir.
It is free to bury a Veteran. https://www.cem.va.gov/cem/burial_benefits/ …
Thank you for your service and for stepping up when others won't.
You're delusional just like brain dead Mccain.
You promised to support regular order on healthcare, bipartisan committees, open hearings! The Graham, Heller, Cassidy bill is not that!
go away, no one will ever listen to or respect your opinion on anything
You have an amazing gift to take small ideas and attempt to sound intellectual, please retire. You have earned that privilege.  God's grace.
This is awesome.  Nice work I think your the only senator who gets it we want you to get things done.  Please let McConnell know this
What would be better is if you all came together and got rid of the Orange asshole who claims to "lead" our country. Repubs are repugnant.
I think that the country would be better off without a corrupt cronyistic Senate with guys like you in it.
Recall McCain
Гордыня смертный грех
I'd like to believe it reforms, but bad behavior ever since Trump elected shows Congress has broken moral compass, cannot reform anthing.
Why is the GOP writing a tax reform bill in secret
Your a true patriots mc..hang in there..wish you were presented
@SenJohnMcCain Exactly what slimy underhanded gimmick did you slip into this? Funding MBH & ISIL terrorist's retirement with free HC? Hmmm?
Be PROUD and retire!
McCain has become the south end of a north bound donkey,  what is sick about that is his EGO.  Sure it gets popped soon!
You make me more sick. Stop hiding behind your service. You clearly support the establishment and could care less about the people.
Then, do you turn your back for his service
Recpect pls
Yes, come on, recpect
Bipartisan? We voted for Republicans. Repeal the Socialist Obamacare.
well Mister make an amendment to the federal employees compensation Act, "old" law  OBSOLETE and a fossil Mr. Know everything
The NDDA is anillegal document.  A slap in the face to the freedom of the American people. You and Ted Kennedy have a lot in common
Repeal Obamacare
Let's get better, there is wonderful leadership to be great again
My dear Senator John McCain, I am sure American people including servicemen and veteranes will be proud you who has done so much for them.
You are such a LIAR, you have NO credibility at ALL ANYMORE.   RETIRE!!!

I have no use for you Senator. You are a never Trumper. And would do anything to stop his Agenda
But stopping Trump is the only patriotic thing to do. So you just praised the Senator, even though he did not earn it.
Senator, you are part of the swamp.
Sellout, Traitor, Liar, Rino. Never was and never will be a Republican. Praying every day that you simply retire (on our dime) and go away!
And that's why it will never pass. So much for your proudness.
Yelp.  Senators get a little piece of the pie and the citizens of US get crap.
Way to go Senator
104 sounds like 104 additions of pork. Only 100 senators. No subcommittee or staff could write a bill not requiring 104 changes? Ludicrous!
Are u proud of your one vote for Obamacare shame u are not a hero u are a traitor
NOT PROUD Of you...Betrayer
Move to Europe with your elite globalist buddies
Your self edifying is worn out and precisely why you have a 15% approval rating.
Should include requirement for Naval Medical Research to study watch hours, working and sleep on ships @CavasShips @DanLamothe
Don't act like your doing something for the American people because your not!
That sounds like bad news for the people's agenda
You tweet more than Trump. You screw over the military with each vote and cause  deaths. I too served career and had an O8 for a Daddy.
I tweeted Mark Warner this we know who & what Robert Mueller is attempting to do; what are your committees doing cause I don't know.
It's hard to see how you could be proud of anything lately.
You don't really believe that *we* think you are tweeting for yourself. Tell *whoever* that they are nutty and should retire



Just in case you can't remember who is PRESIDENT






Get in there and kick some ass, Senator McCain!! Don't take any crap!!



How that health care thing going you need to get out of Washington
Go away
To the contrary, I am very impressed. And the house is well. The freedom caucus and Mark Meadows in particular.
No PORK, right?
1)Senator McCain - I have not always agreed with you on policy but I have the highest regard and utmost respect for you.
2) Your life has been (and will continue) to be defined by your service to our republic. Thank you for pushing our institutions to ...
3) reflect the best of our country.
Please do not vote for the GCH repeal Healthcare bill. Bad for all Americans.
Pork, pork and more pork #judas
It's quite obvious the damn Republicans can't do anything nothing but a bunch of lame ducks because I think you guys are going to be history
We don't care what you think
You forgot the part where the Congress declare war.
104 tons of pork
Regular order Sir. Regular order. Well done.
And that's how it should work! Easy peas!
Pork, pork, pork.  And you have the cajons to pat yourself on the back?  Get on #taxreform - something that actually matters.
Geez I am happy you are satisfied about running in neutral,  please get to work on #TaxReform #repealobamacare #BuildTheWall @foxnation
Does that mean the majority Republicans 'might actually do something?'.......
Coop.   Take over of the country.  We have no country.  End of 241 years.
You need to get on board Sanders medicare for all bill. 62% of Americans want it and more are agreeing every day. You work for us.
Something we always knew.
Just think of the deals Hillary & her pal McCain would have done together to damage America. https://twitter.com/charliespiering/status/907565087086579712 …
104 amendments to a single piece of legislation?  You call that strong? Spineless, maybe.  You all are so far out of touch from reality-sad.
Reflect all members of the Senate?? Lordy Lordy it's not about US. Lmao never is with you. Don't hurt yourself patting your own back
Everybody getting their pork on the backs of the military?
If it doesn't include funding for states to defend their systems against foreign intervention, it's not a real #FY18NDAA #grahamklobuchar
You have a lot in common with Hillary, neither one of you will be
Whatever lying RINO! You blew the only chance there was to get rid of Obamacare.
But are your constituents proud?  That's what you've forgotten! #MAGA #DRAINTHESWAMP #MCCAINMUSTGO
Piss off McCain U make me sick to have you as a senator. U r are not for the american ppl just your wallet po
A career politician praising something that was easy .. get to work on immigration and healthcare !!!!
Blablablabla!!! Where is the Tax Reform Plan Mr Senator? We (voters) are waiting
Thank you for your continued service in trying to provide for those who serve and protect us.
Pork pork and more pork
Telling.   Donor class check lists fulfilled.  Campaign money assured.   Museum quality acquisitions for easy contract churn & burn.  Proud.
You're always proud. That's the problem.
Hey John, Im surprised you werent with @SenSanders promoting Medicare for all since you like to pay Mr. Flip Flop.
You're already dead to us. No one cares about your BS
104 bipartisan pork projects? Seriously? Is this your way of applauding regular order? Retire please.
You're bought out by Dems. How much did Soros pay you?
Get lost mccain. No one wants to hear your crap. YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
what you should do is change the federal employees compensation Act, old law. My mom cannot get her benefits due this fosil
What areALL the UNINTENDED Consequences of the interactions of so many #amendments?
Isn't that how #GOP sabotaged #Obamacare? Seriously
Not too many Americans are proud of you,  traitor
Disrespectful.We do not treat those who have served our country in this manner. Veterans deserve respect for their service
Disrespectful is the Democratic Party... Liberal idiots there's a bunch of you out there that's for sure
Doing some great work mr Senator McCain, wish I'd been an american citizen. Keep it up!
Just RETIRE Brutus
Your proud and that's what the POTUS wanted. POTUS is awesome.
Senator, please help the Trump admin understand that the only option in NK is diplomacy and deterrence. Assume they can hit the US! 
Joking right we've been using diplomacy for25 years and they lied every time
The American Crown is rich.Reagan:JFK.Lady Oscar.Steve
You have rendered yourself irrelevant. Your opinion means nothing
Sir, please don't vote for G-C-H. I wouldn't try to take away YOUR healthcare...please don't let them take away ours. 
Why can't the bill stand alone without all the xtra BS
The Swamp needs feeding.  Beltway bandits aren't just Aerospace Ind.  There's earmarks.  And Congressional districts' entitlements!
It's ridiculous
How long would it take for Congress to decide how to open a jar? Useless
104 amendments = porkfest,  and the old song bird is proud. #TermLimits or shut the government down.

One vote Johnny who gave you the 9 million please answer
You guys can never get it right the 1st time
