You had no business in Turkey. You should be sent a bill for the trip. We should not have to pay for you to subvert our POTUS
@OldSchoolGray @SenJohnMcCain should we be billing @realDonaldTrump for all the millions extra we're spending for security?
Where are you getting you info?? Are you aware Trump is donating his salary?
"donating"? Um, he's making plenty of emoluments to make up for it
don't appreciate your apology/attack tour on POTUS. Where is the respect due the office of President?
where us the respect that the president ows the world and first if all his people?
Sen McCain had his shot & lost. He is estab, he is speking out of hand & I don't like the disrspct frm him overseas
Turkey is a democracy?????????????????
Did you talk poorly of our President in that meeting also?
I have lost all respect for you as a ex Vet and Senator. Going overseas with your hate and disrespect for POTUS. No excuses.
McCain is an enemy of the nation & traitor to us all! A foul tongue causes great destruction&death!
It is time that @potus puts McCain on a leach & revokes his security clearances. #MAGA
You are not the President.  Support your president or resign!
STOP acting as though you're the President. Sit  down and do YOUR job not his. You're attempting to overthrow the Presidency.
excellent!! You should run for senate
.What about Erdogans threats to Europe last days.And US-Turkey alliance based on dem. values? What is democratic about Turkey?
...we in Europe sees Turkey as a threat to our continent.
When all of the skeletons fall out of your closet, you are going to have a lot of questions to answer, sir.
We elected a President .. President Trump, who you cut down every opportunity you get. Your not President, you lost remember?
I am so ashamed I ever voted for McCain
Sir, you disgraced the USA ... just go away please.  You are doing nothing for this country.   #TermLimits
Did McCain get permission to negotiate w/foreign country? If he didn't it appears he violated Logan act like this. http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2015/03/republican-congressmen-violating-constitution.html …
your daughter must be mortified with your behavior.
did you meet with him before or after your meeting with the ISIS leadership?
can you describe these "democratic values"? I thought Pres Erdogan is an Islamist dictator?
Erdogan is an Islamic tyrant and you are a corrupt fool.  How much did he "contribute" to your foundation?
Why haven't you jumped ship? The @TheDemocrats would love to have  your delusional ideology
JOHN MCCAIN IS THE MOST OBVIOUS REASON WHY WE NEED TERM LIMITS NOW!
Demented.
There are no democratic values in the Middle East. Discounting Israel
 YOU are the Definition of Subversion, and a Dangerous Traitor YOU need to REMOVED from EVERY Special Committee#Trump
Did you check with Soros before you left?
@Judithurbina7 @BonBee81 @Alxandro @SenJohnMcCain Wow guys, don't be victims of #CorruptMedia #FakeNews
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/no-soros-isnt-bankrolling-these-gop-candidates.-knock-it-off./article/2614204 …
Probaly no check involved but McCain still needs to retire
<--Probably rightly still mad about Trump POW comment
McCain the dinosaur is extremely worried about his gravy train.
As just a Senator...is he suppose to even be doing this?It's like he is undermining the Whitehouse & our country?Isn't this above his level?
you don't need to waste tax money going over there.
Did you ask him when he sets free all the illegally arrested people?
stop living off the tax payer & get a real job mccain http://defiantamerica.com/rand-paul-defends-president-trump-john-mccain-wrong-just-everything/ …
Trump is exactly what you deserve.
Turkey is a rotten government/people-they are guilty of genocide 1.5 million in fact-they deny/lie about it-#ArmenianGenocide
with all due respect sir, you're a traitor and a fraud .
Erdogan is a Jihadists in charge of a NATO country! Democracy is not in the cards!
Yup "democratic values" & "Erdogan" in the same sentence I'm all in now
What values McQueda? Like hating America? http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/31/the-turkish-people-dont-look-favorably-upon-the-u-s-or-any-other-country-really/ …
Pew poll shows Turkey don't like America.
Why does McCain think he's Secretary of State? Get him out of there!
We don't share values with dictator Erdogon.
besides singing?  @mglessman
u sir r a danger to the world u go and spread horror
your behavior is well explained in Lasch's Revolt of the Elites and Huntington's Clash of Civilization:100% totalitarian DNA.
and what "democratic values" are those friend of #isis #AmalClooney #georgesoros ?
Erdogan and "democratic values? You really have lost it.
You can not be serious! How on earth can you call some of the world's most brutal Islamic dictator as an democratic ally?
@mrrtther McCain is in the wrong film
You're a TRAITOR. Retire or die for the good of US.
please retire. This would be your greatest service to the USA. You are out of touch, irrelevant, and possibly mentally ill :(
ya right
you're awesome Shae
the way you talk about our elected POTUS you shouldn't be allowed to go anywhere. Shame on u. Follow Trump agenda or go home
@PoliticalShort

My Naval Aviator brother, Muslims are taking advantage of your ignorance

STOP being their INFIDEL DUMMY
"Democratic values"? What were you smoking?
Better Watch Out Liberal Media Will Say U R  N The Pocket of Erdogan Sound familiar? U @SenJohnMcCain & @sengraham2016 do It
Stop representing yourself. Arizona elected you. Start acting like that. Respect the office you didn't win. Arizona first.
Nice. How about trying to support those that elected you as well as the president that represents our nation. AZ first/Americ
why are you meeting w heads of foreign countries, senator?  should we investigate?
There are no easy wars, as you know, Sir.  The next one may be on our territory unless we reaffirm committment to NATO, etc.
you are a traitor and hypocrite! America will speak at the poles- your lies have caught up with you!! TRAITOR
How about focusing on democratic values in the U.S.? Congress currently working against majority/working Americans.
you need to step down song bird
Erdogan has a lot of dissent in Turkey He wants sharia law.
On whose behalf, and authority, are you entering into any negotiations with any foreign entity?
Erdogan has jailed kurdish politicians who worked within in system. USA looks bad when we say someone democratic and are not
erdogan has jailed honest journalists and supporting terrorist. Erdogan wants to hurt USA. Using us and lying.
How did the human livers served by your cannibal buddies taste, Pinochle-boy?
and just what were you doing in Turkey trying too find an mk ultra Assasin to kill my president a sir Han sir Han
I use to admire you now I don't trust you.if trump is harmed millions will blame you and Graham knowones untouchable senator
You are an embarrassment to the USA. Nothing but a warmonger; our POTUS wants peace through strength.
Americans prefer their President and Secretary of State to conduct official diplomacy - as for unofficial diplomacy - STOP
War criminal, murderer of women and children in Vietnam, bastard!
Whose democratic values? Do the Syrian people agree with this? US / Israel biggest global threats, closely followed by Saudi
In Syria to offer ISIS more funding John?
How much did you offer to pay him to work against the Russian's John?
Hanging out with your ISIS buddies John Boy?
How's was your meeting with the terrorists Obama has been supporting in Syria. Traitor.
democratic values??? How dare you speak of it. Investigate russia! Now!!!!
planning some more wars or shady deala with ISIS again? Probably without presidents knowledge
Perfect picture of why we need #TermLimits Too long in DC warps your mind! (8 y House/27y Senate) #EnoughIsEnough #TermLimits
definition of a dictator perfectly describes you & others who have been in Washington way too long, (8 y House/27 Senate) $$$
By the way, a dictator = 1 who gets into government & never gives up his increasing power grab, occupies his seat til he dies
You sir are way out of bounds & are part of the problem with Washington DC. You represent the State of Arizona only. ...
RECALL @SenJohnMcCain . You are the swamp
Thanks for taking the time to build relationships before Don ruins things. Don't fall for Erdoguy though, he's Don's master.
You are a big global threat, sir.
Thr US government is the biggest joke on the planet. The twisted ideology of these criminals is highly disturbing
care to comment on this verified letter to #russia #Outnumbered #MAGA ?
he probably stopped by the Kremlin for a visit and tea with Putin on his way home.
@MhmtSlmz McCain , you are big terrorist
are you the source of the leaks in the White House? Reports indicate you have access to transcripts to the phone calls
quit acting like you're @POTUS you lost in 08.Time to retire you aren't running our country just running your songbird mouth.
@LindseyGrahamSC 

IS IT TRUE UR FELLOW NAM VETS HAVE NOTHING GOOD TO SAY ABT U. AND GRAHAM KNOW UR SC STATE POOR QUALITY
isn't it Rex Tillersons job or the Presidents job to talk to other leaders in foreign lands ...not your job!
Awesome. Erdogan is SUCH a great leader. Once again you are deluded.
puppet
Self-Appointed Secretary of State?! - Anything2 Avoid TOWNHALLS In #Arizona #AZ @ASU @SASCMajority @SASCDems @realDonaldTrump
I prefer heroes who haven't been pardoned for aiding the enemy & treason.
So what Senator? You don't have any real authority, your are just one of 100 who hasn't done anything for 12 years. Sorry
fire the leak
I have always respected you.  Unfortunately, I no longer do!
resign
biggest US turkey is you, loser has been backstabber
How do you promote our Democratic values when a despot wannbe who lost the popular vote & calls the media the enemy is POTUS?
Are you over there selling secrets? I don't trust you anymore. You've really shown your true colors.
grotesque! US alliance w/Erdogan autocratic values contribute to global threats&imperil!no more #NoNeoCons #DTS
Weasel!   Cannot wait until you are canned
Thank you for standing up for integrity and the ideals of America. Thank you for exploring the Russia connection!
I voted for you but so glad you lost as you are nothing but a self gratifying establishment politician.  TRUMP WON!
John McCain the leaker?
Sir you are not the President, stay home and do your job, which is NOT to undermine your own government.
thought you were a better man, John.please get on Board with the POTUS..
I have lost all respect for you. You are a traitor. Go away songbird
Do you know what a democracy is? Let me help, from 1928 military handbook.
@Italians4Trump what is your problem senator you act like you set foreign policy for the country WRONG you lost 8 years ago
It is not ISIL but ISIS ! You r NOT the President!
Nothing you do anymore is "constructive". You only open your mouth to switch feet.
Does @SenJohnMcCain also share values with Saudi Monarchy which textbooks advocate killing all Jews? #Antisemitism  @realDonaldTrump
how's it feel as you r getting closer to being arrested for your involvement in pizzagate. I love karma
Please retire & go home
"Democratic values" ? Are you drunk or did the sultan pay you to sell shit ?
- Erdogan is another Assad and Hussein; going to get rid of him too?
But John, we all know that Erdo's a guy heading toward a Putinesque autocracy...he hates Chuck Todd more than you.
Even jokes have limits!Uof all plp say this for a Moslim country who keep her boot on the throat of a tiny Christian island?
Shameful calling the President dictator. Your POW status doesn't give you the right to deface  America. Vets in VA.
wow you're kidding me!Democratic values & Erdoğan in the same sentence & synonymous!That's like justifying Milo's boy theory.
Congrats. Media saying you are the Rep parties greatest foe. Now U will fight Rep. and Dem. in Politics. Rethink it.
Your Shameful. Retire Veteran in Williamsburg VA.
TY 4 your truthful words about administrationPlease vote to release DT tax returnsWe must learn the truth
the election is over John and u lost, we know u wanted Hillary to win but stop ur crying or just switch parties.
go back to Arizona ,sit in the desert,and meditate about the true role of backstabbers
"Turkey alliance based on democratic values"?! what a joke! do you really write these things or somebody else in your place?
I'm terribly sorry Senator but it seems that you live in another world if you still believe in Erdogan's reliable alliance
How can the world believe anything about from the US with our POTUS? And now Russia is eyeing the Balkans...
McCain is a a Trump hater, a dirtbag
