SUCH A HERO!!!!!
i go with my heart on MCCAIN....one can hear in his voice his HONESTY and deep empathy...HE will forever be HONORED...
You're not very perceptive. A lie is a lie. He ran on the promise to Repeal & Replace.
i ♡ mccain @SenJohnMcCain
this is RUSSIAN SPY BOT SH** ..my god,,,im texting with a RUSSIAN FSB AGENT...LMAOOOOoooo
Thank you Senator McCain for telling it like it is once again  @realDonaldTrump doesn’t have the capacity to realize how great a man you are
Ha...u've fallen for a conman grifter who deliberately paints himself orange....lmao.
You're an awesome patriot for justice,country & freedom!!Thank you for walking the line when you thought no one cared. You're in my prayers
How Lowlife You Are!
Congratulations, and thank you, Senator.  You're an inspiration!
Plz ask Biden as a so called Christian...how can he support ABORTION-GENOCIDE? killing of thousands of innocent UNBORN-BABIES....ask him?
McCain receiving an award from his Democratic buddies because he continues to help them go against Trump! RINO scum!!
Dumbest comment ever!  Approximately 60% if military are Republican and 40% are Democrats…all who served are Americans and can be friends!
Mr. McCain, we love u. May God give u strength and longevity. We need u to be strong and healthy.
You're a RINO RAT loser!
Boooooo
Booing a vet?  Very patriotic of you. I hope you keep your Russian trap shut about football players taking a knee
Traiter
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time but you cannot fool all the people all the time. #TRAITOR
traitor
Gloria is a bot!

I do not agree with Republicans on their agenda, but I am thankful that you see the importance to keep our Democracy Safe! You are a HERO!!!
No, you are a RINO RAT loser!
Thank you for your years of service Senator McCain. You are a true American hero and we are lucky to have you in Arizona.
@SenJohnMcCain One Criminal awarding the next.
Lotta troll-bots here. You must have scared some bad people. good for you!
Way to get rid of Obamacare good job!!!
Have you ever apologized to the families of our servicemen you killed? The info you gave that brought planes down? You are always saying FU!

Senile John McCain gets angry at reporter who asks why he’s blocking President Trump on every issue. 
Backing McCain to provide the balls for Trump to be removed
Your "friend" Joe Biden?  Wow.  Did you notice how your friend keep touching young girls inappropriately?
So I want to ask all vets ... how is POTUS respecting our troops when he says someone like John McCain wasn't a war hero?
"Thumbs Down McCain" is now desperately working on his legacy. He may be surprised to see how rapidly history will forget him. Pitiful.
Every day Trump insults Black America, Trump has declared war on Blacks. How much can we take before we explode
Senator Mc Cain we had seen repeatedly video of X Vice President Biden groping children. How do you feel about this
macant probably wants to get in on the biden groping!
Thank you for your service to our great country! No one has to agree with your politics to recognize you as an American HERO. 
Hero? Is there a new definition of the word? He's a traitor.
He was a prisoner of war and served our country faithfully. Sounds like a hero to me. I don't have to agree with him on everything.
Receiving a presidential pardon for conduct before the enemy doesn’t sound very honorable to me
Context:
Snopes is as credible as Susan Rice, Ben Rhodes, James Clapper and every other liar in the Obama admin
You don't have to trust snopes, but the words they quote of McCain are true. The "pardon" thing has been seriously misconstrued.
Misconstrued? You have to be guilty of something to get a pardon, misconstrued that’s funny
Both you you make me proud. We are left to feel very distressed lately are left with little to be proud of. Thank you
U got a medal like Biden got the Freedom Medal & Obama got a Nobel Prize.
The establishment sucking each other's dicks.
#Philadelphia
Thank you for standing up to asinine and sociopath @realDonaldTrump ! He'll never be 1/100th man and hero you are!
#OneMoreTimeMcCain
You obviously can't beat them, so I guess it makes sense to you to join them. Kind of reminds you of Nam, doesn't it?
Congratulations! You're transformation into a #Democrat is nearly complete! Start being the #conservative we elected you to be!
Go to bed and hang it up. You are a traitor  and your time is up.
I used to respect you but your hatred towards us all is apparent. You're not serving the people, your serving yourself and your vendetta.
Nah, he can just see through Trump's bullshit like most people.
Wake up
Don't stop now @SenJohnMcCain The country needs you to continue fighting.... this time, the petty @POTUS

Congratulations, sir. You are an American hero and statesman.
Senator, you deserve all honors.
@SenJohnMcCain I salute http://you.You  are & always will be a man of honor, service,& loyalty.This country would do well if more
Why are all your friends big liberals?
Great question Rossetti? Wonder if it has to do with $$$$$$$
#Philadelphia #TN #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #SC #GA #NV #NH #NJ #IN #MD."Traitor Of The Year"& Sold #POWS out Vietnam
#Philadelphia #TN #AZ #CA #NC #FL #PA #WI #IA #Oh #MI #VA #NY #TX #SC #DC #GA #AL #NV #Detroit #Houston #NH #NJ #IN #MD.
Sen McCain,  in whole honesty your credibility has been vanished. People don't want to hear from you anything, because you R not credible.
You certainly deserve it Sir. Thank you for your service
When politicians had class and brains. None of that lately.
Swamplicious
A true republican who is intelligent and fair. Congratulations you are one of the brightest in the party
MCCAIN THE SONG BIRD! No war hero just a TRAITOR! Failed the citizens of Arizona all in the name of the love of SOROS!
RINO!
Is refreshing to see a Democrat and a Republican been friends.
Congratulations Sen. McCain!
Great now please Retire!
Kurkuk
#BestSenatorUSA thank you for all you do!! Always thinking of you and wishing you the best health!!! #ArizonaStrong
Alhashd &Iran in kurkuk
Two great men and both have had an important and positive impact in our country. Country, integrity and it's citizens over party.
Thank you for your service to our nation, @SenJohnMcCain!
30 years of people like McCain and here we are.  If we want diff outcome in #Congress , we must STOP sending same 'ol people! #retiremccain
Always a good liberal with the constant self-promotion.
Well deserved! Thank you for your years of service. @SenJohnMcCain
You’re a traitor
Please don’t Run for re-election
Please do everyone a favor and join the Demoncat party.
Words cannot adequately express our thanks for your service, and your continued service.
Please leave the Republican party already your a Rhino. As a Marine Vet OIF2 and OIF5-7  Your just a DEM WHO lied on health care #MAGA
Talk about birds of a feather, two jackasses from each party together again. Would make a great TV series, The Biggest Losers! @LibsNoFun
You was a disgrace to the United States, you do not deserve this award,
A well deserving man! Congrats Senator!
megan .. you should be ashamed
Thank you for standing up to King Moron. I’m a Dem who wants to give you a big hug. GOP Scaredy Cats make your courage stand out!
@SenJohnMcCain: Deepfelt congrats Liberty Medal; introduction by American Hero Biden.#TY for your successes representing #TheAmericanIdeal.
An ass kissing award
GBless the USA and GBless You. I'm just a ctzen with a beautiful family. TYfor standing for us. TY for bringing us back to what US should be
Thank you for your service to this country, Senator McCain. You are a true Patriot. We need you more than ever. Keep fighting the good fight
why don't you claim to be a DemoRat? that's how you look,
Traitor? Dummy McCain was a pow
Get well soon
Support from the Liberals again RINO.  Shows your true colors. Paid off again?
Once again that administration’s cronies disrespecting another honorable medal.  Give me a break.
Congratulations.
From one scammer to another. The Liberty Medal has lost its TRUE meaning
LIBERAL MEDAL CONGRATS HERO MCCAIN
Please keep standing for the values of our country. We need it. White nationalism is taking over.
Go back to Hanoi #songbird !
Thank you Senator McCain for your speech. Our country is in crisis with an unstable leader void of empathy. We need to stand united.
Hell no tun coat
Congratulations, you are a true American hero!
Sir, you are a hero in my eyes.Thank you for your HUMBLE service to this country. The child in charge now, Will never understand service.
Two peas in a pod. Just go away already.
You're a Democrat at heart
Dems exchanging greetings!
And Well Deserved! Thank You Sir! You ARE a true American Hero!
Congratulations Senator McCain.  Thank you for ALL your service to our Country.
Congratulations to a Great American, a Great Senator and a Great Father and Husband,  my Friend Senator John McCain!
Worst Senator on the senate complete idiot
You are a great man Mr. McCain, we thank you for everything youve done. Please continue to help fight for what is right in this country
LOLOL, McCain does not deserve anything but a trip down traitor lane. We real Americans hate you McCain, you have betrayed us once to much
Great Job ! America is Proud to have a Senator like you!
Well deserved.  Congratulations.  Thank you for continuing to serve us.
Mr. Mc Vain,  appropriate that you received the award from another Person who has so little regard for fellow US citizens compared to self
Congratulation Mr. McCain. You deserve the award.
John McCain you deserved this award so much!! No one is more deserving of it than you!!!!
You definitely earned it @SenJohnMcCain ! Thank you very much for your decades of service to this country.
Yeah, and Joe must have been so elated to listen to you disrespect the president. It felt good voting against you when you ran for president
You need to switch parties and let us get things done!
This brings tears to my eyes. Thank you for your dedication to our country.
Trump is right , you are wrong , retire already , or join the Democrat Party where you belong
Congratulations Sen McCain! And thank you for your lifetime of service!
I find your insult to President Trump, a man who is TRULY defending America (you took an oath ya know), despicably trashy fearmongering BS
Congratulations!
@SenJohnMcCain You never criticized the ruinous Obama administration in 8 years! You never STOP obstructing POTUS.
@SenJohnMcCain You Are allowing yourself to be exploited by the Left
We really don’t care your butt hurt over Teumos comment and your making the people pay for it
Trumps comment
why do you continue to bash Trump and everyone who voted for him ??? You act like we are all "up to no good" ... You're sick John
Is this not a picture of corruption.
We LOVE YOU!!! YOU ARE THE TRUE VOICE OF AMERICA
You have no honor. Your ashes will be forgotten instantly. Traitor to your country and abuser of the people.
Congrats!!! Senator McCain on your LibertyMedal.
You are more deserving than anyone else. Thank your for your service to our country!!!
Congratulations. Well deserved.
You continue to inspire us all. Thank you 4 your service. Your speech was tremendous #CountryFirst
I've never agreed with his politics until the loon landed in the White House and I'm grateful for the liberty medal speech. Good on ya!
Mr. McCain your words and Mr. Biden's were fantastic. You said what we feel. Thank you. Someone needs to speak out. @JoeBiden
True American patriot. Our political affiliations are opposite but anybody can pay respect to a REAL American hero and fellow veteran 
to bad they dont give medals for being a traitor to your country your fellow soldiers and the people you are supposed to represent
Congrats @SenJohnMcCain
Sad you had to school Fox News about how a good senator works, but glad you did! My Republican dad in heaven applauds you!
Congrats now please don’t insult us Americans who want to tighten the reigns on American sovereignty & workforce. You’re wealthy we’re not.
Your time to honor yourself will soon be over.........
Congratulations to a true hero, unafraid to speak his mind, for the good of the country.
Longevity is not an accomplishment... please retire
Very proud Senator McCain!
You speak better of biden who knew of corruption with regard to obama administration and sale of uranium, horrible iran deal. #mccainresign
Baghdad Johnny is looking for the approval of who he has always wanted approval from, global elite & Marxist media. Slob
Your are disappointing. You’ve had a LONG time to affect change and have not. bitter comments are par for the course. They too do nothing.
Because John Biden told you to vote against repealing Obamacare.  Aw does John want to be liked by liberals loser.
Yr remarks were horrid.. whatever happened to yr slogan "Country First". ???
So richly deserved. You are a true American hero. Thank you for your service and courage.
John you just want to be liked by liberals that is why you sounded like an idiot in that interview did Biden tell you to give that speech
@SenJohnMcCain is a true patriot and it's is despicable to see the way draft dodging Donald Trump, disrespects his service
I think you are a good man, Senator. (Except for the Palin thing, but you know that) Blessings 
I am praying for you

Of course, you like Joe Biden.  All liberals do!
You didn't deserve it. You have forgotten about your Arizona constituents thinking you now rule the world in your delusion.
WOW that was really powerful
Thank You for your service. I'm.a Dem. but wish Dem's were more like you.Less talk more action.
This Democrat appreciates  and respects you, Senator! Thank you for your service! You are a true hero!
Trump's inconsistent temperament, policy tweets/rants,his reversal on policies,the discourse devolves exponentially
You deserve it! Bravo! Bravo! You rock! I’m a Democrat, but I know honesty when I hear it. You’re an honorable man.
Well deserved!!  Your devotion and love for this country are second to none!!  May God always be with you and bless you immensely!!
This is what presidential looks like!
Democrat loser
Meghan you won the Dad lottery.As a son of a proud Navy vet now deceased .He loved your Dad as many others do . Great man,Great American
My to hero's ! Berit
You have earned every bit of respect you so richly deserve! God bless you!
Your wit, intelligence, honor and toughness only serve to highlight Trump's deficiencies. Go Senator!
