Senator,the horse is out to late to close the gate, you are so on top of things, go back to sleep.
#Russia hacked @Equifax #Equifax #Equifaxbreach stealing next Election since #FacebookRussia is exposed! #TrumpRussia  #ImpeachTrump
McCain = RINO.
Thanks for being a "monitor" of all the problems the U.S. faces! Now all we need is to get folks into Congress that can accomplish something
Don't need help from McCain.
That's my point, we need to get him, and the other RINO's out. And get in folks that will advance the conservative agenda.
Maybe Republicans should have passed the cyber security bill that came up for vote when Obama was President.
Need to hold these companies accountable! Consumers have no choice on how their information is collected and used! Make them pay!!
You have no strategy. You are a coin operated donkey
Companies need to do a better job guarding our data, especially the big 3 credit bureaus! What kind of recourse do we have if they don't?
Get rid of credit bureaus this is going to hurt a lot of people.
Damned skippy..now let's get a nationally accredited standard so colleges can produce qualified candidates to fill positions!!
OK, you are great at pointing out problems but we need problem solvers. That's what we are missing in Washington
This is very serious.
Keep out of it McCain, you have done enough damage to the American people, we don't need any help from you.
Absolutely
What are you going to do about it?
You underscored the need for appealing Obamacare!
Presser retire
US gov is the only organization which blows trillions annually on war for private corps and doesn't have a cyber strategy?

Maybe someone could hack you and publish your ties to soros
Retire sir, please do your country good. Your a great man but time to support the people that have paid you so well.
2 Corinthians 5:21
For He made Him who knew no #sin to be #sin for us, that we might become the #righteousness of #God [1/2]
in Him. [2/2]
Philippians 2:6-8
who, being in the #form of #God, did not consider it #robbery to be equal with #God, but made Himself of no [1/3]
#reputation, taking the #form of a #bondservant, and coming in the #likeness of #men. And being found in #appearance as a [2/3]
#man, He humbled Himself and became #obedient to the #point of #death, even the #death of the #cross. [3/3]
The reason preachy bible weirdos get no respect is as a result of posts like yours. You embarrass Christians .
Demand that GOP protect people endangered by this sloppy company & prosecute for insider trading. Don't protect their profits. Protect us!
Underscores the impotency of a do-nothing congress of which you're a supposed "leader"
This is all you have to say?  C'mon now!
Guess I'll be suing #Equifax
Why? Most of us dont have money to put in a bank because u wont do tax reform @SpeakerRyan @RandPaul @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer @nancipelosi
How is it that this keeps happening ....I'll be some special people don't have to worry about this !!!!
Write a book.  I'm a sore loser
McAmnesty all of a sudden cares about ID theft?
No, it shows the need to regulate those that hold so much personal data (that people have not even volunteered to give them).
Love to preach Please keep your promises repeal Ocare!  YOU make the party look weak and stupid just do you can act like a. Big shot w/Libs
Gee, where did credit come from and which high lord granted us our "credit score", to use it to whip us about with our own behavior?  CASH!
Probably done by your pal, Soros.
Shut up and go away TRAITOR
Isn't that everyone with a credit card in the US?
Equifax is offering help for people whose personal information was hacked -- but there are big strings attached.:
Tell us something we don't know Mr. Obvious
It doesn't do any good to protect our money if we have nothing left after paying for healthcare
Top management at Equifax sold their stock before they announced the security breech!
No shit cancerous one! This is a private issue, has nothing to do with the Feds. Focus on your job. Useless RINO
Retire!
More talk and action!
Hey John.  What have you been doing the last 2+ decades???huh???   U r fired.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hit the road and stop spending my money on stupid
You been in the senate for all my life, why have you not worked out a strategy?? possible too busy being an apposing everything maverick..
It always sucks when your bank (USAA) tells you before Equifax does...
as REAL POTUS CLINTON had suggested!!!
Why did you vote against relief funds for Hurricane Harvey victims? I guess this is compassionate Christian conservatism again?
Yes. The government should tell us how to secure data since they've never been hacked... McCain - 35 years of all talk.
We need a real republican in your sente seat
I'm more worried about my healthcare traitor
The breach will have serious economic consequences #equifaxbreach #Equifax #equifaxhack #EquifaxDataBreach
How about going after the jerks at the top who sold out stocks long before the hack was revealed.
In the world of digital finance, the permanent social security identifier is equivalent to having a weak password that you never change.
I have a cyber strategy--It was with Equifax--thanks a lot!!
Underscores the need for accountability for these credit reporting agencies that act with impunity as hatchet men for predatory lending.
With universally applicable identifiers floating in a universally accesible communication system, "strategies" will remain post hoc.
So instead of stating the problem and scaring people, what is the solution? Americans deserve problem solvers in office! Not problem makers
How about getting rid of these horrible companies!!!!! Nobody oversees them and they mess with people's ability to get loans
Where were you when Gov, Sony and many others were breached during Obama yrs? You ARE irrelevant. You are a fraud. You should resign.
Anything but healthcare&tax reform, eh?  If GOP doesn't get it together to fulfill campaign promises, Congressional GOP will suffer fallout.
So @Equifax collected my info without my agreement, did not protect it, and allowed time for its execs to sell stock before telling me?
Term limits
Additionally irritating is that Equifax is exploiting this breach to launch an "introductory enrollment campaign" for their "services".
Well you had another chance to vote NO.   Please retire.  You are in the way and your cancer is twisting your mind!! Get out.
Did you get the 9 million off credit cards I don't think so where did you get the 9 million from Big Mouth
Then they sold their stock before telling us - #LockThemAllUp
http://Idiots.fox  Business isn't bad, I thought she was accountable as a nation. I Plan to defeat this enemy.
Did Tillerson just close the cyber division at the state dept?
Also very concerning is that apparently enrolling in free monitoring requires your agreement to not sue to recover damages from them.
Hillary never hacked. Maybe Equifax needs a private server!
This hacking story also interesting in light of the naval tragedies the U.S. has had lately in Asia.
What are you going to do about their executives who sold stock before the announcement so they could profit and be greedy?
So why was the @SenateGOP first order of business to allow private information to be sold???
rumor has it some senior executives sold their stock just before informing the public
losses often aren't 'evenly distributed'
Equifax & other 2 businesses like it have always been incompetent, with wrong info & impossible to correct. & Now can't protect info either.
What was reason for this as other news says Equifax sold stock prior to this.  Do you have any news the Am ppl should know?
It seems that we have no protections anymore.  Too many serious data breaches to count have happened with no recourse.
Whoop thanks for the update. Not like it has not been all over the news. Is there any chance you can try and DO SOMETHING FOR THE USA.
wow - a foolish old man running his mouth
Yawn!!
Old news Traitor
OMG your Monday morning quarter backing makes you look like a genius 894/899. RETIRE Brutus
You don't get to 500 million friends w/o some of them being Russian...
MUST WATCH - This needs to go VIRAL
Propaganda War: FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump. Watch & Read the Thread.
Will the government go after them for lax data security, hiding it for 41 days and insider trading?
Not the GOP, who are more likely to protect the profits of the finance industry, and refuse to prosecute them for insider trading.
lets start with healthcare then move to the next problem.
Cyber Security in America number #1 threat to all American over #NSA terrorist. Threat invisible until to late.
Who cares anymore?  West burning, Houston underwater, Florida about to be blotzoed, #POTUS a nutbar, #NorthKorea, #Congress FUBAR, etc.
Typical little liberal have you given up little Tommy
Who believes three top executives including CFO didn't sell their stocks based on #InsiderInformation
Sen. McCain hope u r doing better hang in there we need u
Fake Headline
Additionally, a limited number of people in Canada and the U.K. were affected
by that you mean shutting down the free internet
We also need a fix for SS#'s.  A stolen number can ruin your life.
Government needs to do a better job on these guys.   Also, throw out ss numbers for a better system.  Throw them in jail for selling stock
Agreed. What does the stock trade made by their officers before the announcement of the hack #insidetrading
-Yea, after 9 years of programmings syntaxes, you now know why said IT is going to be reduced -only-possible-sectors-in use-. 
Just is..
Part of the strategy needs to be making this sort of negligence very, very, VERY expensive for violators.
Eqifax paid Sessions...enough said. America on a downward spiral.
#ImpeachTrumpPence #BringIntegrityBacktoUSA #ReVote #NoAHCA #SaveDreamers
You must live on one of the costs to think like that.
It also underscores the need to stop using our SSN for every damned thing.
Dear Sen.. please help Congress to work on this very very important issue and make companies responsible for inadequate protection of data
John McCain is getting a kickback from this rag
