More qualified than Merrick Garland? Still think you weakened court by playing politics - per this AZ voter.
Have you ever heard of Robert Bork. Go read about him and learn who started the "Politics" for #SCOTUS
opposed by some Republicans. Garland wasn't even given a chance at hearings. Big difference.
He was opposed by some republicans after he had to backtrack everything he said in the hearings
Garland is the first SCOTUS nominee to never even get a hearing.
He got his hearing the American people elected republican congressmen and president.
Garland did not get a hearing.
Garland got the best hearing of all time. Americans said no thank you.
So was Merrick Garland
Clearly Republicans don't understand we are happy with SCOTUS we have. We can wait four years and let the voters decide!
He was elected to a full 4 year term, not 3 and some change. It was his constitutional right
So did Merrick Garland & @POTUS44 won both the EC & the popular vote with record turnout.
waaaa! Whiners! Cry babies! Deal with it Trump won We were stuck w obama for 8 long yrs w no rioting
Whiners? You mean like Mitch McConnell? We elected Obama for 8 years and McConnell stole the last 1 from him
Seriously, you haven't voted against #DishonestDon. You are with him. What you and the Rebloodicans have done with SC is sick
no he isn't
doesn't matter. It's not Trump's decision. He's an unpopular, lame-duck. Decision belongs to our next President.
I hope you can run fast when the liberal zombies come after the nazis
But not ethical - because if he were, Grouch would decline the offer - there is already a nominee! Honor the American system!
--so did Garland--shame on you for not doing your job a hearing & a vote--yes or no should have occurred--shame on all of you
Yes, Republican dream-racist, bigot,will not think of Constitution, or rights of women and minorities. Kiss NRA, KKK
@realDonaldTrump Can't say the same about mccain a liberal in gop clothing-he needs to go!
Yet POTUS reacted w rants when SCOTUS nominee said WH's criticism of courts were disheartening.
Can you say the same for Betsy DeVos?
McCain1983 voted against the federal holiday for Martin Luther King and you continue to support a racist Jeff Session for DA.
It seems the entire neo-con crowd, pro-Iraq war crowd backs Gorsuch. Very disquieting.
Nope. Try again. I vote.
Vote NO on Devos.  You surely realize the inadequacy of her answers.  Vote NO!
Merrick Garland would have been a better choice. At least he didn't belong to or start a Fascism Forever club in college.
Bannon & Trump rears. Garland more qualified as he would apply law, not have plans to dismantle amendments to suit party
Vote NO on Betsy Devos. No. No. No.
huh, so we're throwing out the whole separation of church and state thing? and corporations have more rights than women? Sigh
i don't think (current) US gov knows what separation of church and state means at all.
please vote no for devos. Think of our universities
maybe but he seems to choose business over the individual every time
watch HBO movie about Anita Hill. Thomas lied. Biden suppressed!call Biden about this. His regret
if experience is valued then how can you in good faith approve of Betsy DeVos?  Please vote no
But, please do NOT vote for Betsy Devos! NOT qualified!
it's a miracle Trump nominated someone who us competent. Btw, vote no on DeVos.
Merrick Garland deserved a vote & you know it. #ImpeachTrump
as was Merrick Garland. I am sure #SoCalledPresidentTrump will give you a good boy treat
You should be ashamed of this process given the history. Independent of his merits, his is a tainted nomination.
Please vote based on qualifications not party lines. Vote no to Devos, Pruitt, Mnuchin, Sessions and Perry.
NOT!
NO! A person who starts an organization called Fascism Forever will never be suitable for the SCOTUS.
No! He does not. He will not honor the separation of church and state.
It doesn't matter. More Centrist (R)s like yourself still don't get we are fighting an enemy within, (D)s are now Leftists.
Remember you were gonna block hillary's pick for 4 yrs.? we too can play the game. Supreme court originally had 7 justices.
Never forget Merrick Garland.  No forgiveness.
So was Garland and you stonewalled him for a year. Hope you get the same treatment.
so was Merrick Garland
jeez, John! The president of "fascism forever? U need 2 step down now! B4 you damage ur status as an American even more! Wtf?
We gave you the Majority, use "Reid Option" and fast track All Nominees ! There is much work to do !
You're supporting a self proclaimed fascist. You were a Naval Officer who fought against such things, what are you thinking?
Where was this judgment when he started his fascist club?
He was part of a fascist group in college. Also I do not trust anyone put in by this treasonous administration.
So was Merrick Garland.
love John McCain
Sorry no. Gorsuch chose Hobby Lobby's religious beliefs over their employees rights to contraception.
NOT GOOD FOR ARIZONA OR WOMEN ..... VOTE NO
You spelled Merrick wrong. Hard to believe what you say after you people stonewalled for most of a year.
You didn't stand up to @SarahPalinUSA who was so unqualified it hurt, why would you stand up to Trump?
really ? This coming from an OLD WHITE GUY. YOU DO HAVE WOMEN THAT YOU REPRESENT IN AZ AND YOU ARE NOT LOOKING OUT FOR US
Could you please give us a highly qualified Secretary of Education?  Please vote down DeVos.  Vote your conscience- not party
Doesn't have the decency to decline until there is a hearing for Merrick Garland.
... Did Merrick as well ?
No.No he does not.
NO! Gorsuch put corps over workers, been hostile toward women’s rights & been an ideolog.
Gorsuch sided with hobby lobby to refuse women's healthcare! He is an unfit candidate for ALL WOMEN/ HALF USA POPULATION
shame on you for backing Tillerson.  You should know in your heart and mind that he is wrong.
He is as racist as the rest if GOP so of course you see it that way. hail
Gorsuch going to be a political activist. Look at all the special interests lining up to throw money at him. Vote #NOGorsuch
as an Arizona voter I oppose Neil Gorsuch.  This seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
was Garland any less qualified and revered?
cmon John you know better
Hypocrite. Even Judge Gorsuch thinks #MerrickGarland is a qualified SCOTUS candidate yet u blocked any consideration of him.
To be honest, I was surprised Trump nominated a judge for SCOTUS and not the CEO of one of the Fortune 500
He may be qualified, but Merrick Garland was also qualified and appointed first. Disappointed about your position on this.
Here's the reference. Will never forget or forgive. http://www.npr.org/2016/10/17/498328520/sen-mccain-says-republicans-will-block-all-court-nominations-if-clinton-wins ….
When you vowed to block all SCOTUS noms from Hillary should she become prez, you tore at the fabric of our society. #sedition
wow.. nice to see you on board for once!
BUT...BUT...U said you'd BLOCK any Clinton appointee? Can we please do the FUCKING SAME????
.@SenJohnMcCain If elections have consequences, why didn't President Obama's legitimate pick get confirmed? This is pure, ugly hypocrisy.

Please do all you can to get him confirmed. Send. Shumer will do all he can to villify him.
/I disagree!
You're so wrong about this and have completely lost my support. SO LONG!
Just when we thought you were going to be reasonable.
Judge MERRICK GARLAND is highly qualified for #SupremeCourt - has right experience & judgment to serve on our highest court
good now tell all your buddies in the Senate to support him along with the other nominees  and stop acting like babies
Don't cave to #PresidentBannon. I like you and don't want you to be remembered as a supporter of fascism.
Merrick was an excellent choice.
what about his pro corporations and about woman stances? FIGHT BACK! PLEASE!
please retire, why is it you only find your conscience whenever a republican has the White House.
A fair nomination process was not offered to Merrick Garland. GOP continues to put party before country. Disgusting.
Garland was experienced and well respected too. Tragic he didn't even get a vote.
but how would he vote on critical repeal to #citizensunited ?
idk much about the judges. I just think Sen. McCain has experience in having both sides work together well.
so I assume his opinion on this matter is a good one.
.@SenJohnMcCain @burberryant  Garland or no one. @TheDemocrats should filibuster.
except for his favoring business over people and doesn't honor women's rights.
Garland should have gotten a vote at least admit that. When does country come first? (Oh after you get your guy ):
you have to let @potus do his job. Move over and let him "manage" the country. Your old views are...old
Remember this: Trumputin likes his heroes to NOT be captured. 
How do you live with such a lack of self-respect? Sad.
that HIllary Clinton, if she were president, would put up,"@SenJohnMcCain Remember this?? We sure do.
Johnny, remember? You said this:"I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton
You do realize if women's reproductive rights are rolled back there will blood in the streets? 1/21 March nothing by compare
You stole this seat from #MerrickGarland
“I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Clinton, if she were president, would put up.”JM
Minority Psychotic President should not make lifetime appointments Period #BoycottGorsuch
With only 47.5 months left in POTUS term, shouldn't we wait for Americans to speak in 2020? #MerrickGarland
you know that he represent Trumps agenda. Do the right thing you seem like a righteous man!
Is there a fake Republican (ALT_FACTer) with male genitalia, even one with Goering-sized 'very smalls' anywhere?
YOU are allowing anarchy in this country. Merrick Garland should've had a hearing. PROCESS MATTERS! I live/vote in AZ.
what happened to moderate conservatism? Women, LGBT  deserve better than these completely right-wing crazies.
no he is not.  What about Women's right?  Don't you have women in your life that you want the best for them?
he is not a bad choice- but it was very unfair what was done to Garland. Senate abused its duty.
something positive from u ??? In dhock
#hypocrite Garland is highly qualified for #SupremeCourt-has right experience and judgment to serve on our highest court
go away please go away.
As was Merrick Garland. You also promised to block every  Clinton nominee. 8 will be just fine for now.
interesting that you think so. I disagree.
Great that the SCOTUS will be working again. We need it more than ever now.
A restoration of America, too, after the Lib Progressives have tried to take over way too many times!
how do you know he's not another Russian puppet?
Merrick Garland! Senate owed the American people a hearing on him even if the Senate had no plans to confirm him.
so was Merrick Garland.  The SC is not a political tool you can take hostage.
#wrongMcCain
we finally agree on something
What about his stance on contraceptive coverage for women???
History is watching you
Merrick Garland should be in that seat. You're party stole it!! Fraudalence prevails!
Wow! Thanks for supporting your party for once! From an AZ voter that is becoming ashamed of the AZ Senators.
Merrick Garland is ahead of him in line.
voted 4u in 08. become anti Establish. We know who all are & will be removing regardless of party affiliation in 2018 elec.
so was Merrick Garland. It's your last term or s/b - find your integrity.
The world must be ending, McCain thinks he is a Republican.
No Roe No Go. Keep Gorsuch accountable to uphold Roe vs Wade to protect reproductive rights #IStandWithPP
You and Romney need to get some GD guts, some self respect, some backbone and stop bending to your knees to Trump.
How can you say that? If Gorsuch is in Trump's company.........corrupt company ruins good people.
no thanks to you. Thanks @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Oh, Please! He is as corrupt as Scalia was.
no
....please go away....please!
women's reproductive health. We are watching. Garland was good candidate too but never given a chance. Expect same treatment
I find it impossible to believe anything that comes out of the mouth of Republicans.
No justice, no confirmation. Senate should not be looking forward to doing ANYTHING until #muslimban outlawed. #NoWallNoBan
Really?  Ask your daughter and daughter- in- law. Please.
@MikeMedavoy ok here is the McCain that we know and don't love!
.@SenJohnMcCain  Where's my hero? Trump was defiant upon walking into white house. Voting No on Gorsuch would show him you mean business!
If you're so concerned about Russian influence, how can you vote for Tillerson? He has his hand in Putin's pocket!
so did M. Garland.   @SenFeinstein and @KamalaHarris should filibuster until Garland gets nominated or you impeach Trump.
Garland has these qualities as well. Too bad he was treated so poorly, and the country will suffer.
this was not trumps pick to make. You know that to be true.
So is MERRICK GARLAND- stop gooesestepping McCain. Jesus he called you a loser for being a POW where is your pride???????????
Elections are 4yrs away, you might get a surprise!!
Oh, you mean like Merrick Garland?  Prove you don't obstruct justice and vote for no other than Hon. Garland.
I disagree with you on this one. Demograhics are changing in Arizona, so do not bet we will be happy w/ pro choice SCJ
nice to know you agree with President Trump for once.
Wrong!
that seat belongs to Merrill Garland and each and every one of you know it.  Shame on you
y'all blocked merrick Garland so suck it.
As one of your constituents in Arizona, don't count on my support for Judge Gotsuch. He would be a bad choice for the Court.
It's about time you supported @POTUS - How about your bunk buddy @LindseyGrahamSC - Is he in as well?
Trump kept his word and named a conservative judge, now you cut the crap out and keep you word. Stop being a sour puss.
finally you say something useful.
Not a Republican, but I always had a lot of respect for you.  U changed that last year re: disrespect for BO and Garland.
- SO was M. Garland.  You shared in shameful GOP behavior. PAYBACK time. U want an easy SCOTUS nominee?  Renominate Garland.
He got that seat thanks to God and thanks to our @POTUS and NOT thanks to you! You're a traitor McCain #AmericaFirst
you should show the equal respect to Judge Garland!!
you were almos t on the right side of history. UGH. You can get a do over tomorrow. Try harderm
wrong.
.@SenJohnMcCain and Garland wasn't experienced or qualified?  It's shameful.  #Flagstaff is watching.  #twwnaz #StolenSeat
REMEMBER???  WE DO http://www.npr.org/2016/10/17/498328520/sen-mccain-says-republicans-will-block-all-court-nominations-if-clinton-wins …
@SenatorHeitkamp @SenJohnHoeven Yes, we still remember.
Of course you'd side with a judge who's against #WomensHealth . I wonder what women in your family feel about this.
What are you talking about? Arizona does not agree with you.  You work for us,  remember?
So does Garland.
As opposed to Merrick Garland?!?!?! Plllease...
Then go to war with those Dems,go nuclear and ram their own rule changes down their throats!And when they are down stomp them

you have a duty Sir to stop this madman from destroying our democracy!!!
glad to hear you tweet this John..let's not get too wobbly
so did Merrick Garland. Thanks for the immigration stance though!
Mr. McCain isn't it about time you stood up for what you believe in? You are supposed to represent the people.
