McCain, get it right, President Trump does not want to occupy Syria. You globalist are a trip. Your view point is insane!
Nope, but he DOES wish to make it much easier for his pal Putin and Org, to further their agenda, and rid obstacles. McCain is CORRECT
It is funny how people believe fake news "Putin is President Trump's pal". I say to you prove it.
Literally why we have a Special Counsel right now.
Hello, if this is what you believe so be it.
If you can't see it, you are blind.
Ok
John you are not the President ..
He would be/make better pres than that orange idiot-in-chief.
@johnMcCain is a traitor who sung like a bird in Vietnam for better treatment. He's a coward!
He was a POW. Are you out of your mind? Wait. You've already answered that. Be tortured. Attempt to retain your character.
Must read, from the Washington Post? When did you become a liberal Democrat? Who do you represent in Arizona? Not the conservatives.
That was Obama who decided to fine us for not having insurance. Can't let big pharma & insurance companies earnings decline
BS Trump team is not repeating Obamas mistakes #syria
No, just a general embarrassent, though.
@SenJohnMcCain >> EXCUSE ME BUT >>> PRESIDENT OBAMA did not COLLUDE WITH PUTIN & give RUSSIA what it wants in SYRIA

TIME FOR HONESTY, no?
No he colluded with the Muslim brotherhood and ran the country into the ground
That is #FOX nonsense. 

You have no idea what you're talking about. Stop repeating half-baked nonsense.
President Trump is not drone striking Syria so no, he is not making the same mistakes as 44 did.
He is bombing Syria. Just not with drones. But make no mistake, he's ordering more drone strikes than Obama did.
45 was totally against President Obama getting involved. 45 flip flops every other day abt everything. He was all for Iraq. NOW he is not
He doesn't care to learn abt anything. He does what he wants with no regard to anyone.
Since you're a dem, I thought you'd be thrilled! #crustyndustyuselessnrusty
never could anyone make the mistakes the Muslim made, but you all loved the the gay muslim liar.
your mistake is talking out loud about the President of the United States and that isn't YOU.....
no he used russia to win and now eventually will remove sanctions on russia,he brown nosed putin,look at what russia did to ukraine....
narcissistic personality disorder=trump&his butt sniffers.the son was at meeting why hasnt he been arrested?most sickest prez ever voted in!
at least POTUS has stopped our policy of arming rebels...that become terrorists we then have to fight. I know you're in opposition to him
POTUS hasn't done jack Sh**.  Others who have better brains are trying to help. POTUS is a threat to our very safety in this country.
arming Al Qaeda was a dumb idea, want Assad Gone then put a bill forward declaring war on Syria. Stop playing games, Trump is right on this
Something tells me you would have a different opinion about that if you had to go fight.
LOL ok pal, My point is and was McCain is always calling for war, we want peace. If you are going to push for war then pass a bill for war
That you supported constantly . you sname
I meant snake
Will U ever STOP pushing WAR  ?
GOP definition of a feckless party: Rushing bad legislation defending things they don't believe, because Trump was obsessed with "100 days."
Welcome back sir! I hope you vote NO today for the American people but would love to see you taking it easy right now.
The Trump Team has lost nothing.Under The Obama Team Americans lost almost everything.Trump will Make America Great Again.In spite of Obama
i cannot believe anyone respects the orange buffoon
Silkway Airlines the new Lolita Express?, ... which do you charter most often?
And Sir, you are certainly entitled to your opinion. The President hasn't been given a chance with the hate pointed at him. He's very savvy
Trump is doing just fine no thanks to you "songbird"
You should keep Obamas name out of your mouth. You don't need to get votes during the next election cycle! #greatpresident #Uachump
The Trump military team is lead by Gen. Maddis, a man YOU highly respect !  Remember ??!
You voted for that clown. Yet we all have to live with his bad decisions and selling America to Russia. Hang your head in shame.
Hey what do we have to do to get FOREIGN MILITARY BASES in the US? I mean, how many do we have in other countries?
And you are part of the Trump team whether you like it on not!!! It really doesn't matter, in the next election you are out!!!
We don't care about Syria, Afgan. we care about the nation having healtcare, FIX Affordable Care. It works for us great.Think about affect
trump is Putin's puppet.  Hacking was an act of War! If he colluded, it is treason.
Ret. Military, 2 adult kids working, no ins. NO repeal
Said the warmonger... Songbird McCain...
The man who started the fire on The Forrestal killing 134 sailors. and injuring 161.
Spending our tax money and soldiers to help Putin take over Syria. Pull those strings Mr. Putin, watch Donald dance.
The Trump team is giving Russia the lead on Syria.  We are Russian tools and nothing more.
Senator, we know Trump is in hock to Russian financial institutions.  He's broke, not a Billionaire.  He owes Putin Vigorish. TREASON.
Trump's vulgarian Cabinet is another example of him replicating "Putin's" Oligarch.  Do the right thing by and for the American ppl.
POTUS just handed Syria over to Putin. Sad for our soldiers who fought/died to help Syrian people survive Assad' s terrorism & killings.
@realDonaldTrump - just checking, Sen McCain is still a hero right?  Not gonna change your mind?
There will be equal exchange.Whoever is the POTUS he should reestablish relations with Russia.We were Allies in 2 wars, and we Allies vsISIS

INTERACTIVE: Under #BRCA, older & low-income people would see largest premium increases compared to #ACA http://kaiserf.am/2tErJhl  
Odd no 1’s noticed interpreters R part of collusion team! Obviously 1 of um speaks the same language, how'd they share fake news joke then?!
I disagree he sees the reality ..our cia has an agenda which when striped down has all the appearence of treason
Sen McCain; I still wonder why you chose Palin for your RM.  My vote was for you, but SP destroyed the GOP ticket. I had to vote Obama!
Wow!!! You lost me
Nope. You are wrong, once again.
Senator, this is your chance to save many many Americans who are being punished for the crime of not being rich. You served, Trump flaked!
Senator, no bullshit, I lost my mother to the type of tumor you have!  Please stop this Trump craziness and vote to stop Trumpcare madness!
Much worse, they have the mistakes to learn from! Trump is selling our democracy for strokes to his pathological ego!  Please help us!
We failed in Iraq. We're failing in Afghanistan. And we've capitulated to Putin. Good times for your @GOP Retire and get treatment.
Hope you are feeling better. Love that you are tweeting your thoughts! Welcome to our world 
Allowed myself a moment of hope after the strike that this administration would stand up to Assad, but now looks like PR without any policy.
Tramp will duplicate all models that allow him to blame others for his f-ups!!! No original thought is ever oozed from his damaged brain!!
Seriously? I swear you at a liberal!
You mean GOP mistakes. You voted down Obama's plan to intervene. Right?
McCain is no friend to vets he stopped the US From looking for POW's after Vietnam, made 30+ anti US Propaganda videos in Hanoi, & pimps war
This man is sick and completely sold out to the Military Industrial Complex. He's pushed for war in 20+ countries. He funded child murderers
The media is lying to you McCain, Obama, Hillary all funded Terrorists. Us veterans exposed it. Don't allow McCain to sell you an old lie.
We do not want war with Russia & Syria Vice news, CNN, BBC are lying to you. Assad didn't gas anyone. It was McCain funded ISIS Chlorine.
Wake up Americans we are not in the right here. We gave arms to ISIS. The veterans are trying to tell you something.
When are you not bashing POTUS? RHINO
You continue to undermine the presidency.  You must be incredibly bitter.  I wish you would use your influence in a positive matter.
Bull.
We want your campaign of wars & Murder over McCain. You have done more to destabilize the world than anyone else. Go home to your family
John from what I read the Syria  people like Assad . We need to let them make up there minds.

VERY SIGNIFICANT!
Former Free Syrian Army leader (friend of US ex-ambassador @fordrs58 ) admits US directly aided AlQaeda with its program 
Trump shut down a program that funded AQ associated rebels. McCain doesn't care about Syria, he wants to fight his proxy war vs Russia.
No Sarin gas has ever been used in Syria you are responsible for children getting their heads cut off by arming terrorists.
You mean not following your NeoCon agenda to invade for no reason. Syrians are finally rebuilding from your funded terror campaign.
What does Obama have on you that you and other Republicans let him do a coup on US?
Funny, you did nothing abt. Obama's $$$to Iran,open borders permitting drug/child trafficking, pay4play, Uranium One deal.
Trump is President and YOU should be supporting him, not undermining him!
I think your brain tumor is affecting you.
Swamp dwelling never trumper against MAGA.
This isn't constructive. You haven't, nor are you now going to build a national consensus. This is about 2 different theocracies. Lose-lose.
Haven't you learned anything this week Stop being a traitor remember "what goes around, comes around"
So you are traitorous enough to follow the WP & NYT What a petty loser you have turned into! I hope it is the tumor that has caused this
No matter what #45 does it all goes back to who made the error before. #45 will blame anyone else other than himself or his tram
all I can remember is McCain from the safety of the "Green Zone" telling us how "safe" it was..arrogant S Clown  was your unofficial code
no, the combat mission is Trump,
Putin, 2
opening the Damascus Road 4 humanitarian aid was delayed as Ted Cruz talked about Dr Seuss
Uforget
but, but, he's the deal maker....this king of deal making.  He says so himself. @realDonaldTrump
Please just retire... you are completely rong here - your constant doubling down is ridiculous. Go spend time with your family.
It was your idea!
Good to know you are healthy enough to trash trump who is actually listens to the military leaders.
@potus Voters don't want US messing around in #Syria. #AmericaFirst stop funding ISIS rebels. Voters don't want Syrian #refugees either.
How come you aways want to quote someone elses opinion.  You havebeenwrong for years. Syrian rebel army/ isis.  U armed them with hill n O
Why dont you ask the people of AZ what they think,  not the illegal ones btw.
McCain POTUS knows what he is doing. Let him take care of it. You should be doing something about open leaking Uranium Mines in N AZ.
As a fellow Republican sir Trump needs to go. He is a joke. Please take care Mr. McCain. Best to you sir.
Trumps a joke but you support someone who is directly responsible for funding ISIS. Your a joke one patriot to a uninformed American
Still a traitor I see. Veteran or not, shame on you!!!
We know you want regime change in Syria, and we aren't interested.
Your out of the loop
The holdovers are being held accountable and @potus has refused their dog n pony show
just try and get well.
Except Trump is basically giving Syria completely to Russia on a platter
Instead of arming terrorist who cut children's heads off? I think the Russians are much better in control than ISIS. Your uninformed buddy
Yeah I saw how awesome they are at just rolling down the streets in tanks just randomly blowing everything to bits indiscriminately
It's war you think the ISIS terrorist we were funding were better? They cut kids heads off & murdered hundreds of thousands
Is Trump team commissioning 120 MW Leader and in return easing on sanctions?
RINO Nevertumpers are so stupid. If they think the base will forget and forgive?  NOT!
Voter's For Our President Trump!!
We Won!! We Fight for Him! @POTUS  everyday ! God's blessings to Our President Trump!!#maga
Get your casket shopping done......QUICKLY!!
We'd be in WW III if you were in the WH.
So what do you intend to do about it, Senator?
All talk no action as always He forgets who Armed the Rebels #ShameOnMcCain Get in line with your Party talk to Our @POTUS Quit #Resistance
You are right now being given a pass...take it. Az is not interested in your bullshit any longer.
Another liberal rant from McCain.
@SenJohnMcCain Please, from one cancer patient to another- think of treatment not being available - how would that feel? Or bankruptcy
My thoughts and prayers are with you. Come to Colorado we have treatments that work. This man is a traitor don't look to him for help
Why are we in  civil war though? Should we go intervene in Venezuela? Myanmar? North Korea? Zaire? ...
But, for different reasons:
They're actually compounding the mistakes by the Obama administration. @SenJohnMcCain @joshrogin @washingtonpost
The #nevertrump commentary continues
I hope you are feeling better.
Just this time with more civilian deaths.
