WHY r u going against your own Party n OUR COUNTRY. .You r despicable n a Traitor..Get on the Train or GET OUT!!! You Will be Voted Out!!!
So y is Obama interfering with the election in France? Endorsed Macron & yet complained about Russia interfering in US election. Hypocrite!
Yeah. Do more Mr senator. You have the power     please save our country.
I concur, senator, Congress must take action against Russia for election meddling and all those who colluded with it.
...and all of the GOP cause they knew #TrumpRussia b4 a single vote was cast in 2016 Election. He is not legally POTUS!! Appoint Hillary!
Trump is part of the "Putin Presidents Club" where Putin puts in power the people he wants: Trump, Duterte, Le Pen.
Please do not let Mr. TRUMP push this under the proverbial rug sir.
Instead of pretending you're Secof State (you're not) or @POTUS (never happen) you may want to fix the AZ VA. Worst in USA. Seen HRC lately?
First, the citizens of the US should be allowed to vote for POTUS again. Then Congress can apply sanctions.
Congress is playground of professional politicians on the take. POTUS deserves support. It not you. I vote you out of D.C. SOON
We need a hero, not a wacky clown, in our highest office. I'm embarrassed for our country. How we deal with this is a test of democracy
We need an independent investigation.
LAME McCAIN
Any evidence of them attacking elections ?
Years after China hacked OPM data to take info on millions of Americans, McCain hasn't bloviated at length about it. Support @POTUS
What about Trump? He was partner to this crime against America?! Where are the investigation results? Why are you not demanding them?
Tillerson signaled that US would de-emphasize human rights concerns in some of its interactions w/ other countries. Really?
Yahoo hmpg May3
Hillary and Obama hacked the elections
I don't recall, did you call for anything to be done when Obama directly tried to interfere in Israel's election?
you're letting them get away with it too, John
Will you be the one who does the right thing and asks for independent investigation?  The waters are too muddy to police yourselves now.
Unfortunately our Congress is afraid of lil' lord fontleroy Mussolini wannabe Donald Trump - i have great respect foe Senator McCain
@trish_regan Sen McCain wants sanctions against Russian for meddling in election. WHAT EXACTLY DID THEY DO?? Hillary won the popular vote.
McCain doesn't make that decision.
Why stop there tough guy, why not vote to go to war? I don't remember Iraq attacking us or our elections.
And Trump admin didn't even get that much. Actually were REWARDED for it
Are you crazy or am I missing what you are saying? Average Americans stand behind Trump!!!!!! Get it think on it
GOP MIA!
Does Congress have the fortitude to take on the President if it leads there . . .
I agree and culpable individuals should be prosecuted even if it's the president
You sound just like all the DEMs, when are you going to stop being the collaborator & leave GOP to join DEMs fully?  Retire Now
Are you kidding? Trump will NEVER do this! He's involved with Putin. Time for an independent investigation!! NOW or vote out ALL republicans
How about an independent investigation, too?  C'mon, Senator - please fight for this country.  My father buried in Arlington demands...
It’s to bad that your GOP
has become a party of
cowards, traitors & grifters.
thank you for your continued work for all Americans!
And Mark Green has no business becoming Secretary of the Army!
Senator McCain we need the 25th Amendment enacted. President increasingly disturbed/mentally incapable to uphold Constitution.
McCain asking for action or just talking...should should... but well, had to vote against. When will you step forward & act?
Well, you're  not doing much. GOP = Trump. You are one and the same.
Meanwhile Bill & Hillary got away w/their influence peddling scheme w/the Clinton foundation scam.Keep looking the other way.
Russia, the new Trump America? Suck it up people it's just an election. Illegitimate Trump! 
It's republicans protecting Russia for many things to protect their jobs. Love of country out the window. So dispiriting
Please lead this fight...prevent anymore damage to our country. More sanctions and independent investigation too.
@Kasparov63 Congress hasn't protected USA from Russian attack and Trump's involvement.We demand an independent investigation!
Talk to @POTUS instead of complaining on twitter. Reps. have both houses & are do nothing, know nothings as usual but know how to obstruct
You are beyond ridiculous!
Whys this taking so long. How long will #America stand for this? #Russia must not be allowed to invade #Ukraine or West dies. @CIA @NSAGov
Your still a senator?
No proof of Russian interference in presidential election.  Dems tried to alter presidential election with illegal votes. We are not stupid!
Please retire,you're useless
Prove it dude. Present evidence instead of shooting up your foul mouth. But keep doing it anyways, your paranoia is wildly entertaining !!!
BTW, why isn't that illegal activity being investigated now that people with nothing to gain from her acquittal are in power?
I want to know how the Russians forced Clinton to place her emails on an insecure server.  Was it when her foundation got millions from them
Yes! At what about POTUS ties to Russia? Where's that investigation?
I am grateful that there are republicans that can still stand against what your policy/healthcare butchering would do to American people
You did nothing when Obama in office or when HRC Was lining her pockets selling out U.S.A. selling Uranium to Russia. Zip it!
Your party is more concerned with leakers, Sir. We need an independent commission.
Don't give up the fight!
oh please John, you're embarrassing yourself now.
better budget, better healthinsurance, lower taxes and a great wall!  No Excuses, especially not lame Dem obstruction!!
I don't care now!!  I will act like the Alt Left!!  All the leaks were 100% true anyway!  Get on board or go home!  Rep's last chance!!
If not now - WHEN? Stop talking and do something! #ImpeachTrump #savemycountry #BLUTAH2018
waaaaa my globalist buddy lost
And while you're at it, I haven't felt so unsafe since after 9-11. Please address questionable mental state of potus. He shames the US daily
C'est non.  Terminé les sanctions.
Yet @POTUS continues to deny it happened!
How about sanctions on US agencies spying on GOP campaigns? Not even a slap on the wrist. Stop the Russia BS already.
keep voting with party over country..we are watching!
...and demand an independent invest. of the Trump campaign's coordination with the Russians? You're setting precedent. Next time may be R's
Tell that to @SenBobCorker
lies & more lies. Time fir u to go away
That is a start. Investigate collusion between Trump and Russia. Press for the truth b4 party.
How about going after your BOY @SenJohnMcCain Donald T
You should take action and stand against this President.
Such a war mongering old fellow
It looks like you have your work cut out for you Senator. Cowboy up.
Here we go again, why are you trying to start stuff that is just another pile of crap to distract people from what really needs 2 be watched
Thank you
Congress? What about the president? He still does not believe the #Russians did it.
And who slapped them?
This Russia thing will just happen again,Trump was part of this crime & everyone knows this,We Americans are not dumb.Worse president ever.
@Kasparov63 Do something about it or sit down, man. Tired of hearing your statesmanship, then see it shrivel into your base.
And investigate the Donald
You need to take action to remove @POTUS
hard to move forward on that when @potus still isnt sure it was russia
What about members of your party that colluded with them?
It's so hard to believe you now.. all talk no action. What happened to you? You turn around and vote with that crazy traitor.. no good, no
And could we do something about the dictator in the WH who wants MORE power to himself.  Disgusting what has become of the US/democracy.
Enough with your Russian nonsense , you should take action on China if they don't cut gas to n Korea . Secondly defense budget funds
@SenJohnMcCain you're right about that. More importantly, all the people from the top down that participated in this attack must leave WH
It's preposterous Congress won't move on Russia sanctions. But one hopes Congress can move on North Korea. Ideas:
And get serious about investigations.
Shall we declare war on Russia just to avenge your downing in Vietnam ? Retire now, your battles are behind you.
I thought you are Congress! No?
Whatever, your a lot a talk and a badge. What I don't get is your retiring, you have nothing to loose by doing the right thing. Call him out
I think your psychiatrist needs to take action...
Your words are empty, back them up with actions
Hmmmm! Aren't U in Congress? Why tweet about it? Do something to unite ALL  Republicans before it's to late! Quit laying back. Help Trump !
If only there was a senator that could use his influence and power. Any ideas?
Thank you. You are our only hope, Senator. Please continue to press this issue.
All talk, no action. Friggin do something about it, Senator.
And Trump and company haven’t paid any penalty despite knowingly hiring foreign agent,etc,etc. Time for consequences.
And have an independent investigation, because the voters don't trust Congress. Sorry, but true.
Gee, if only someone could do something. IDK maybe RINO @SenJohnMcCain could? You and @NancyPelosi need to go
Read it several times..eyes playing tricks on me...Obama adminstration?
Unless they vote, then you'll just vote party
Must also investigate inside US connections
And a full investigation into trump and his team
How about you help get those tax returns? Maybe begin talking about the 25th amendment. You've said much I agree with. Will you back it up?
Attacking elections? 
First step is getting on with investigation regarding #Trumprussia
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,congress should stop play politics,should do more to work for Nation,bills,fund.
What would Reagan have done.....the GOP's admiration of Reagan apparently stops at the border. #TrumpRussia
Better Idea: INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
How about since we're looking at it, we go ahead and #ImpeachTrump and his merry band of miscreants, too?!
Get 'em!!
The only person on the planet sticking with "Russia hacked the election."
We have all figured out that Republicans do not care
They don't want to upset TRUMP's friend @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @AltStateDpt
Independent Investigation please! #russia #trump #election
SWIFT sanctions now!
Any chance at all you could convince the rest of the GOP in congress to be as patriotic as you? Allowing this to go on is shameful!
feel free to do more than tweet about it.
You do nothing but talk about any of this, john. Put up or shut up. Do something.
Remember when Trump asked them to do that on national tv? Hows that impeachment coming along?
You are becoming delusional!! Time to retire!!
You are a war hero. Now please be the people's hero by doing your part to get us out of this mess. Must impeach to save this nation!!
Good luck with that
Shut up RINO! You've done enough damage to the party now. GET OUT OF MY PARTY!!!
Please don't tweet to us.  Talk to your fellow Rs in Washington and get something done.  Words are hollow.  #Trumprussia
Maybe you shouldn't have voted all the swamp ppl nominated by the guy who benefited from Russia? They're dismantling their depts! #complicit
Seriously. Shutting the Gov down in Sept? Honour to meet a despot. Building a wall? Putting 50 million people off health care by no funding
Why don't you work on are country's issues instead of the rest of the world ! Take it as a lesson learned!
Sir, yes, please get to that. You hold a lot of sway, get everyone on board.
Are you senile!??? #Trumprussia
Senator, did he come over here and rig the voting machines ?? I think you might be hanging around Hillary to much..time to retire John !!!
McCain SEFU! !
Show us the evidence tough guy.  You are not a credible source because you are bought and paid for.
Isn't this sort of your job
Please push for independent investigation #Trumprussia cc @MartinHeinrich @SenatorTomUdall
Thank You @SenJohnMcCain
Time Our DOJ gets a Independent Investigation on Trump/Russia Scandal. Seems like the GOP led House & Senate are Covering Up the Scandal.
Ya think?!?
yes !! thank you-- please stay on this -- protect #democracy! We need independent #russia investigation !
AND....INVESTIGATE TRUMP AND HIS PEOPLE'S INVOLVEMENT. Say it with me, "SPECIAL PROSECUTOR "!!
@SenJohnMcCain what are you doing about it?
Donald not going to let it happen
You, too, are responsible for the current "situation". Dont complain, act!
Yes !!!
The problem isn't Russia it those here who worked with it. Like the guy you sold your soul for to pass his judge nominee.
War horse, said w/affection, let's get some trade with Russia, let's not get played by Iran or anyone else pitiful g Russia  vs USA, wisdom!
And yet you continue to support #Russiagate 's candidate! Less talk, more action.
Why r u so willing to give Trump a pass on his mental state?
The house could impeach Trump. Wow that sounds good: "impeach Trump"
And go after those that obstruct the investigation choosing party over country #treason #CORRUPTION
OMG buddy just stop talking. It's all you do.
And #Trumprussia must be investigated with full indep staff of competent and experienced people. Release #TaxReturns &divest. Or impeach
Can we see some evidence first?
Trump is Making Russia Great Again
Then tell the congressmen in your party top draft up articles of impeachment.
How 'bout serious investigations into collusion between Trump & Russia. How 'bout getting Trump' tax returns? No? I didn't think so. Fraud.
Dear @GOP:

Thank  you for supporting Trump's  for Dictators who KILL Citizens and Threatening Long Term Allies of the #USA.

Welcome to
Senator, aren't you part of Congress? What have you done so far and what else can you to address this #Russia meddling with the elections?
fight or sit down. the rest of us are ready to resist. Country over party. independent, bipartisan commission. prove american still exists.
Tweeted like a good Democrat.
Russian made Trump President because they wanted a fool for an adversary. We have an out -- he can be impeached. Yet you don't act.
But Senator didn't POTUS just say it could have been China? 
That man has no business speaking4 this country to any1 especially Putin. He's insane &needs a mental exam. U need2 stop this
The problem is not the Democrats it's RINOs like you
Yeah John, WTF are you waiting for?
Perhaps u can put country 1st & ask for independent investigation hypocrite.
Senator, your party attacked our election worse than Russia. Interstate #crosscheck stole the electoral college, it's no secret.
Please continue to give Russia the negative attention they deserve
You are Congress! How about a thorough investigation without doing everything to protect trump. If he is in on it let everyone know
