wishing you well but please don't forget about us about to lose our insurance
after all you've had the best of care at our expense!
Sadly I don't think you care, the only people you are about are your big donors, and the top 1% who will get tax breaks.
Thankful that you're getting this care. Please remember how much quality coverage matters when the BCRA gotes to vote. Vote NO on tax cuts..
...that benefit wealthy and hurt everyone else. ACA WORKS. Fix issues, don't do harm, plz. Remember rural hospitals in AZ.
If it works... What "issues" need to be "fixed?"
Let me guess - you don't change your tires, oil, check coolant.

You bought a new car so it should be perfect forever, right?

Ignorant.
It wasn't good from start. Sorry to tell ya. Not really O's fault.
MayoClinic, can you give Sen McCain the stats on how many of your patients depend on the AHCA. Please.
Godspeed on your recovery Senator! Please make sure everyone can have adequate health care and thank you for your service to America!
Get better, senator.
Healthcare bill delayed to wait for you? I find it stunning that you would vote FOR this bill. Party over the people you represent. Shame.
Hope they checked his demented, treacherous brain. @SenJohnMcCain and @Mayo Clinic
Do well sir.
May the millions of us with #ACA be able to access the care we need, as you have, if and when the time comes. No to #Trumpcare. Full stop.
Lucky for you - you have great health care.  What about the rest of us in the individual market?
We pay for @SenJohnMcCain 's health care. Vote against hurting our most fragile and vulnerable. No TrumpCare
Melanoma is one hell of a disease
Pre-existing everything for @SenJohnMcCain , yet he couldn't care less about the rest of the country.
I know.  Imagine being kicked off care cuz you hit your lifetime limit.  Fucking MAGA, right???
The American Dream: dying so the richest 1% can have a tax cut! @senate GOP @HouseGOP should be ashamed.BCRA polls at 12%. We don't want it!
Trickle down, bro
Get better @SenJohnMcCain ... everyone is pulling for you!
Mayo Clinic huh? Too good for VA hospital?
Getting VIP treatment, as always.
Nothing but the best medical care for our precious elected reps. But if we reelect them they promisr to really repeal/replace this time. 
@GOP is keeping their #Obamacare ,which is totally ok with their voter base. The rest of America gets #wealthcare


I'm glad you aren't at risk for losing your #healthcare -My daughters had 21 surgeries & shes 8. Without her lifesaving care she'd die. 
Your in our thoughts and prayers
I haven't heard your "no" vote on health care yet
That's nice.We can't buy health insurance coverage in our county. Selfemployed people are punished under the current healthcare act.
This is one Democrat praying for your good health; and for many more years doing your thing in Washington
Get well soon!
Are you trying to rub our noses in it? How could you support such a rotten plan to take money from those who need it most. LAME!
Yes, get well Senator. And realise you should retire to enjoy good health while you have it, please. Sincerely BS
Sending love and healing light.
IF U vote to end healthcare for 22M plus, remember U were recently able to get an annual physical & possible life saving treatment. Lucky U!
Who just lost Medicaid thanks to The BCA.  VOTE NO ON THIS HEARTLESS SPITEFUL BILL.  It's a tax cut for the rich. And hurts the poor
Hope you feel better soon.
Best wishes for a quick & complete recovery. Ave joe can't afford insurance you have. Axing mcaid to fund tax cut 4 the rich is bogus
Hopefully you will remember the good treatment you received at @MayoClinic when you vote on the TrumpCare NoneHealthcare.
I'm glad you aren't at risk for losing your #healthcare -My daughters had 21 surgeries & shes 8. Without her lifesaving care she'd die.
Senator: Pls say NO to TRUMPNOCARE
Seriously? You're going to vote YES on your party's abomination of a healthcare bill and you tweet about the great care you receive??

Wishing you a speedy recovery. Take care.
Oh did you have paid healthcare to go where ever you  needed to get care? How lucky for you n your family
I am glad you received good health care.  It is disgusting that you want to take that away from the rest of the country.
Get well soon senator
Take care Senator. Your country needs you!
Imagine you're working class/poor & can't afford healthcare because you & GOP eliminated affordable access. Where would you be right now?
North Carolinians tried this with @SenThomTillis when he collapsed in a run this spring - didn't work.
They don't care. They'll either keep their insurance or be able to afford it. To hell with everyone else.
Yep. I keep saying if #Trumpcare is so good - opt out of Congressional insurance for them and their family.
Better yet, Tillis needed to look at his bill as a NC citizen 1. Uninsured 2. Out of network 3. On ACA 4. Medicaid 5. Medicare w/out pt b
They only have eyes for campaign contributions. 
many of the ACA plans in NC put us out of network if you leave the state. It is obvious @SenThomTillis isn't even looking to the election
It's so far out. I think as a Junior senator- he thinks he's golden.
Good thing you can afford their excellent care. Others will not be so lucky.
Very glad to hear you are well.
We implore you to vote against the Senate healthcare bill so that people in situations like yours can get the coverage and care they deserve
think of the people you saw getting care at the Mayo Clinic and vote no on #BCRA #Trumpcare
as you recuperate, w healthcare bought by our tax dollars, prepare to not cave in to McConnell this time. Be a patriot. Work for America.
.@SenJohnMcCain @MayoClinic Enjoy healthcare while it lasts... JK! Your horrible policies will never affect you or your loved ones.
I am not a fan of yours .  I will though keep you in my prayer's . You are a husband and father .
You of all ppl should understand why u need to fix Obama care. U guys need to try to make it work for us all. Try
Sir, please don't deny MILLIONS of Americans the same care you got. Please don't vote for #Trumpcare. I don't want to die bc of no insurance
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republicans "killing people."
Republicans force women to have babies BUT if they are born with disabilities-it is ok if they die for lack of Medicaid coverage! HEARTLESS!
No one "forces" a woman to have a baby... keep touting the Party Line
Not a party line. It's a well documented fact based on empirical evidence. You may not like the fact...doesn't make it false.
So #Christian!
Hypocrites
Yup!
Seriously. Just take "Christian" out of your bio if you're gonna be that disgusting. Then at least you're not a hypocrite.
Mayo Clinic saved my life and I'm glad they could help yours, Senator. Stay well.

Not for profit medicine at work.
Ya - you have YOUR insurance & screw everyone else. Vote NO on tRump DEATHCARE- do the honorable thing & put county 1st
Ain't it gr8 NOT worrying bout lifetime cap cuz #ACA? My baby max'd on NICU day 82 of 137 https://www.babymilagro.org/nicuroad.phtml 
Amazing! I read ur website & loved all the pics of Milagro during her NICU stay. What an incredible journey. Thank U 4 sharing ur      /1
beautiful family & sweet baby with us. My cousin had their son 12 weeks premie. The staff in NICU r amazing. Ur family represents all of  /2
us! I am proud 2 fight with u 2 #SaveOurCare  Lifetime maxs have very little true value on the rates we pay. Imposing them is CRUEL and  /3
and benefits no one. I was an underwriter (I priced medial & pharmacy benefits) for 30 years. Applying lifetime maxs barely affected the /4
rates. A baby fighting for his/her life should never hit a benefit limit! 

We are Stronger Together! #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA 

/end
Thx! & her mother shouldn't go crazy trying to keep baby insured, while in NICU & working.
So very true!!! 
Ooops! I think you meant "thanks to my excellent health insurance that I want to deny to the rest of the country."
He's gonna miss the vote while recovering, meaning Republicans won't have enough votes to pass it this week.
Please God let this be true.
It's right in the link.  But don't let up any pressure.  Keep calling.
Absolutely. But didn't Rep. Chaffetz say the same thing before the House vote and then he showed up to cast his vote? They play tricks.
2 possibilities:
-He is trying to avoid political blame for BCRA
-GOP trick to cause us to relax, he suddenly feels better & returns to vote
Isn't it nice you have health insurance and they didn't turn you away? Please vote no on that heartless healthcare bill when you recover.
must be nice to have your health insurance. Didn't cost a penny did it. I have insurance. Everyone should
Thanks God 
 Dear john I'm So happy you are healthy, best wishes for you and Pls take care and thanks for @MayoClinic
Get well soon, Senator. And please vote no on the ACA. It's awful, and unworthy of your support. You know it, too.
Get well soon, Sir!
Warm thoughts for a fast recovery. Parties aside, people are more important than left or right. We are one people, one US, get better soon.
Please stay out of DC as long as possible.  When you do go back, vote no.  Otherwise the Mayo will never have the chance to save my life.
Glad to hear you are on the mend, Senator. Please make sure your vote assures that all Americans have the benefit of life-saving surgery.
Please retire and focus on your health and family. #NewRepublicanParty
Please don't hurry back.
Do you have Obamacare?
Prayers for your full recovery and thank you for your devotion and lifelong service to our country. Your are a true patriot.
Let's just hope that McCain is forced into retirement and gets the treatment to all his aliments and holds onto what little dignity is left.
Get well soon Senator!
Mr. McCain,  how much is your out of pocket, your deductibles, your copays? Did you have to get prior authorizations from your insurance co?
I hope your work won't include robbing ppl of the healthcare you enjoy. Get well and do so much better, Senator.
Get well soon!
Isn't it great to have affordable care @SenJohnMcCain ? I hope you'll consider this and vote against the senate bill
Wishing you a full recovery. Also hope you reflect on importance of access to affordable HC for the poor, elderly, disabled & those w/ PECs
Why dont you do America a service and step down! You have damaged this Country enough don't you think?
Talk is CHEAP Mr. McCain!
..excellent care that American public will never enjoy. There should be a law that prohibits senators w/ lobotomy to work.
Get well soon. Plz vote no on this bill.Look at bipartisan Universal care for all including vets using all medical facilities. Stand up 4 us
Hope you're doing well.
Best wishes from Phoenix. Vote against TRUMPCARE when you get back!!!
Now consider that most Americans are never going to get such fantastic care. Save the #ACA #Trumpcareiswealthcare
Wishing you a full recovery
Wishing you quick recovery and happy retirement.
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family Sen John Mcain .
Take the summer off, maybe even the fall. No need to rush back, the rest of us would like to keep our healthcare.
Thankfully you have tax payer funded healthcare. 
Think about that when you vote whether to rob others of theirs.
Glad they could help you. Please keep it so all Americans can obtain this level of care.
ARE YOU PAYING OUT-OF-POCKET? 
#GETWELLSOON
Well wishes and certainly glad you were able to be covered under the current plan. Would you be under the GOP's horrible plan?
Get well soon, Senator.
Frequently not a fan of your politics but wishing you a speedy 100% recovery.
Get well soon Senator!  Take your time...America deserves the chance to ponder the impacts of #BetterCareAct
congratulations!
We ask you to retire Senator McCain. You are no longer a conservative.
Thanks to good healthcare you mean, which you plan to take from millions. I thought you were one of the good guys! Shame on me  #SaveACA
Get better John, we need you to stand for COUNTRY!
glad you have insurance that covers your surgery, too bad the rest of us don't. Good for Congress good for American citizens.
RETIRE
get well senator, then vote No on Rep so called healthcare bill.
Sooooo John, glad you're well and you're right; back to business. About that healthcare bill......
Must be nice to have excellent care. Yet you want to deny the same to the less fortunate.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery! We need you back in congress 2 hold the #GOP responsible for #healthcare actions #NoAHCA #NoBCA #Maverick
3) May 2017 Cameron made this #TrumpCare video.  Cameron's progressing dementia means he can't do this now Short term memory is disappearing
Isn't it nice he can afford Mayo Clinic since he has insurance the rest of us don't have and can't get?
Poster child for term limits!
Aren't u glad to have a good health insurance plan at this critical moment?
Then pls think twice before saying YES
to this cruel bill.
Get well & please remember that u weren't denied insurance for your existing conditions or hit your lifetime cap.  #VoteNoBCRA
Isn't it wonderful @SenJohnMcCain, to have the benefit of healthcare. Please remember that when u vote for fellow Americans 2 have the same
Get better Senator. Fuck that cancer up!!
Get well soon, but reflect on healthcare as something worth protecting: vote against BCRA.
Wish you the best of health !
Good thing you have good insurance to help you out! Please think of this on the vote next week.
Millions won't have the ability to seek and receive the care you just received because they won't have healthcare insurance. Shame on you!
I wish you a speedy recovery. Hope you will take your excellent care into consideration before voting on #AHCA bill that throws 22M off ins.
Healthcare is very important to ALL Americans. Please vote NO on McC's Careless Bill.
Good luck Senator.  Excellent time to consider resignation
As you enjoy the great health insurance given to you as a member of Congress, take time to consider those who don't get great care. And why.
Good...so you value health care...remember that in DC!
I wish you well and pray to God speedy recovery cuz he knows u r the best we got for US!
Take your time to heal, sir. You are a true patriot and hero. Praying for you.
Pass a health care bill that lets others have good health care????
Glad to hear that you're on the road to recovery, Senator!  

Best wishes for a speedy and full recovery!
Glad you are well. Please consider those losing their health care if you vote for the Trumpcare bill. Please vote NO.
While recovering, hope you think about disastrous effects of GOP health bill on UNINSURED Arizonans & Medicaid users
Praying for you!
Wishing u a speedy recovery& hoping u will reconsider ur vote 2 take away HC. U could be a hero again, by doing what is right & humane.
You got Obamacare?
Hope you have a speedy recovery and hope you can see clearly now how important it is to vote against Trump Care. Not everyone as lucky as U!
No Obamacare? Lucky you. Obamacare destroyed my insurance. I voted for Trump to end Obamacare. Try helping him.
@SenFeinstein B4 ACA #lifetimecap nearly forced this #veteran into bankruptcy cuz preemie birth.Our #SaveACA story:
I will never forget the fact that McCain was a POW, tortured, and went thru hell as a soldier for the US. I wish you a speedy recovery.
Glad you have insurance to cover your procedure. Now, go and make sure everyone else does too. 
#GOPPartyofRussia
best wishes. now please make sure the rest of us also have access to the same excellent care you got without the fear of going bankrupt.
Glad you're getting good healthcare. Now protect ours and vote no on this latest bill of travesty
Do the right thing on healthcare John McCain
Speedy recovery, Senator--ALL citizens should be able to access the same health care you just did. Congress isn't more deserving than we are
Thankful ur blood clot was discovered & treated effectively. Imagine if you did not have access to healthcare. #KillTheBill #NoOnTr**pcare
Dear Senator McCain, while wishing you a healthy recovery from the blood clot removal above your eye I will ask you to reflect (1)
Hope I will have healthcare next year.....
Wishing you well, Sen. McCain. Here's to a speedy recovery.
What? The @VeteransHealth is NOT good enough for you? #OhItsTheCadillacPlanYouHave #WeSeeSenator #VAHealthcare
Maybe we can finally get rid of you in the Senate. You are useless
No offense to Senator McCain but it is time to retire. Give someone new a chance to work in the Senate. 
Preferably a Democrat.
Wishing you a quick recovery.
Wish you a speedy recovery! America needs your voice.
Their work can't thrive on the new GOP bill please vote no my life depends on your vote
Thought from England...Sure is ironic tho' John, your care compared to "trumpcare".One rule for the rich,and another for the poor, not good.
Take your time relax. Come back strong. Nothing happening anyway.take csre
Another stone walling event, how convenient, tell you what John, just stay home, we really don't need your kind anymore.
I'm thankful that you're gonna b ok! But this beyond ironic #Trumpcare
McCain clot discovered during annual physical-You know, those things that people without health insurance don't get. http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/15/politics/john-mccain-blood-clot/?iid=ob_mobile_article_readmore_pool …
I hope you put out a statement re @SenateMajLdr using your medical emergency to garner attn or favor on HC vote. 1/2
2/2 The delay backfired-showed @gop desperation & demonstrated wide gap between avg citizen's coverage & yours. #saveACA
Hope for a speedy recovery Sir. And be thankful you didn't have Cruz's hc plan! 
Why didn't you go the the VA? I mean you expect the rest of us Vets to use them but I guess you are just to good huh.
Senator McCain get well soon and return we need you to be the conscience of the Republican Party.  Your courage is needed now.
Thank you sir for your service to our country. You are a patriot and a hero. I hope you recover quickly!
Get well soon. Pretty lucky you have good health care isn't it.
Get well, Senator McCain. We need Patriots like you to save our healthcare. God bless you, sir.
Thank you for your service to our country. Please stand up for those of us not privileged to have your healthcare. Please don't take away
Lucky you, not having to depend on the BCA to cover your care.
I am so glad you have government provided health insurance so you can get the care you need. God's speed getting back to work to vote for TC
Congrats @SenJohnMcCain. Not all civil servants can afford Mayo....oh wait
Best wishes for a full speedy recovery.  It is all making sense now how you tried very hard to make yourself clear, but you had difficulty.
Come back soon, senator!
Your colleagues, Jerry Moran & Mike Lee, have more courage than you.They plan to do the best for their constituents, not follow McConnell.
Happy that you are feeling better now do better. #VoteNoBCRA
You just got great care and that's wonderful.  You must vote NO on deadly trumpcare so the rest of us can get great care too.
And P.S. don't tell trump where you had your surgery. He thinks the Mayo Clinic is where Hellman's manufactures their magic
Also, how can someone who was in the military support a bill that takes Medicaid away from millions of military families? Despicable!
When you get back to work please vote for the people and vote no on horrible Republican health care bill!
So glad you received excellent care on tax payer's dollars while you plan to repeal healthcare for the average american. SHAME.
You like excellent care? Guess what, so do millions of Americans your vote on healthcare bill could threaten.
That surgery would have cost one of the Americans you're trying to throw off Medicaid $76,000. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/17/15983944/mccain-uninsured-surgery-cost-76000 … thank the taxpayers
I shouldn't have to pay for that. He should have taken better care of himself!
Best wishes, sir
Please, please, PLEASE do not vote for the horrific new healthcare plan that will leave thousands without care, including vets.
Get well soon!
Then ensure others have access to the same excellent care. Vote no on Senate Health Bill.
We wish you a speedy and definitive recovery all the way from #Panama
on the excellent healthcare you receive as a Senator that provides checkups to find such problems, provides the well trained doctors (2)
Praying for your healing, your family & that God continues to provide for all of your needs. God bless!Thanks for serving our USA
Put yourself in there shoes, please vote no, keep America great!from a President that is trying to destroy it!
No politics right now! Just wishing you an easy recovery! 
Senator McCain why did you go to the mayo clinic and not the veterans administration hospital is it not good enough for you as veteran
Best wishes to you and your family for a speedy recovery
May you recover quickly, Sir. You are an American hero and the only hope for keeping some sanity and kindness in the Republican party.
Now if only we could get that for everyone.  What a great healthcare policy THAT would be!
Praying for your speedy recovery
Many prayers for you.
Quick recovery mr McCain. I don't agree with ur politics but wish u. Health and happiness
Best wishes on a speedy recovery.  Also, we are petrified of Trump.   Dems here but we luv you and thank u for ur service.  Sun Lks oldies
P.S.  PLEASE vote against that healthcare monstrosity!
Happy to hear you are doing better. We need you. You are one of the few Republicans who puts our country first. Godspeed
Best Wishes for a Speedy Recovery!  We need your leadership in Congress!  Pls help GOP keep promises and finally pass something...ANYTHING!
