don't u see this was political? Trump looking to reverse ratings. Collusion w Russia again
Attack was leaked
BANKSTERS WARS
John, retire. Now. 2013 U voted aligned to party against Obama request. Yesterday U cheer 45 action taken without congress request/approval.
we attacked a country that didn't attack us.We are at war,again..Why do we always have money 4war but our ppl get cuts?
@MSNBC it's sad the Donald Trump has to clean up what are inept President Barack Obama left undone
McCain thinks getting Congressional approval is having Ryan and Mitch approve. He is turning into a supporter for the Trump/GOP dictatorship
Wasn't it illegal? Why didn't you mention how you all prevented President Obama from any action? Most don't see your 2 faces but I #staywoke
Yes!! I thought perhaps maybe you understood what was going on as far as tRump but now I'm done with you. So bad!!
No longer a fan of you, Sir.
Smoke screen for nuclear-option. Have a back bone. You even said you'd regret this...so don't do it. #dementia #FindACure #stepdown
A little man with an even smaller mind..
Who cares what he has to say?  He'll just flip flop again when it's convienent
When did you lose your sense of dignity and loyalty to your nation? You've become a shill of a man and a GOP coward. #McCant
No sale. Censured prior President on Libya, a sovereign nation.  But comfortable with an exclusive political party committing the whole USA.
Uh, no one really cares what John McCain thinks.
I don't watch that conspiracy network, it's maid up off twisted truth.
get away with all he has now includn taking it upon himself 2 bomb other countries. Wen r u goin 2 stop him
Where's your partner??? Always enjoy the McCain and Unable Show....trashing members of your own party for fun.
John, you know Trump incited this in order to distract from Russian, right? He gave Assad Permission. Tillerson was silent.
I want to be next 2 u on judgement day and see when Jesus sends you to hell for working with ISIS.. You have blood on ur hands
@foxandfriends You seem to like going to all the liberal, democrat loving networks.Come out please.The charade is old.We know you'reDemocrat
Старая жаба.Я желаю тебе проснуться в яме во Вьетнаме!
So glad we have a president who shoots from the hip and for all the wrong reasons. Where will this all end? "ITEOTWAWKI"
Discuss the fact you don't agree with the nuclear option, but you did it anyway. Just go away. I was a fan of yours
Why did you vote for the nuclear option if you thought it was sad for democracy?
Nothing like a missile strike to take public's attention off the republican's dismantling of democracy senator, >polling #s ? I Doubt it.
Thank You! Sen. John McCain, Yesterday A Great American final journey was to Arlington Memorial Cemetery; Astronaut/ Sen. John Glenn
May He Rest In Peace among The so many other Brave Americans, who fought, lived, and Died to protect and to preserve this Nations FREEDOM!
the arabic proverb says that if you have fed someone so make him satisfy and if you have hit someone so make it painful
#America has NO Respect for #InternationalLaw #UN should disband America  #WarMongers God Curse America and all who sail in her war poison!
I think Johnny is feeling real good this morning, must have got his back rub from Lindsey.
Glad to see u in our jihad
You lost us at the Nuclear vote.
So much for the #Constitution. #Congress needs to do its job so #POTUS does not abuse his authority.
You must be referring to Insane McCain the traitor.
well, you had on Click, where was Clack (Graham?)
Hope you'll oppose the Senate three-week "Easter" recess (Fed employees get just Sunday off) to address this!
Great.  Maybe you can tell us exactly HOW our involvement will HELP?
Senator , now is the time to tell your president to let these people into America.
https://twitter.com/fwdcrocblu/status/850314045903253504 … GOP need to act quickly to get Traitor Trump out and u know it https://twitter.com/fwdcrocblu/status/850314045903253504 …
Why he us happy. Money money. If he is for it I'm am against. WHY WERE YOU THERE LAST MONTH
It was hard for McCain - but he did manage to give President Trump his due credit - God  Bless America
God left when Trump was elected. Jesus does not agree with hate, rich, or demagoguery.

Great job, madame Tussauds!
McCain you are a perfect example of a lying, treasonous pro-zionist, ANTI-AMERICAN.
Enough about #gorsuch and Russian collusion. Let's do the morning news circuit to talk about MORE WAR!!
"Loser".....
Time for the Senator to back the President in stopping criminal actions from Syria.
Like a kid in the candy store!
False Flag Chemical attack was a pretext to sṭrike Syria.
Your discussions have become irrelevant
War mongering McCain..always the FIRST to be interviewed when conflict arises.
Screw McCain--What he says & what he does are two different things. Trump did not consult Congress. Tyranny.
Why would you ask a man that has PTSD and won't get help?
Thanks to the US
you were great on msnbc. sorry we were idiots in 2008!
World condemns this unjust and unlawful aggression
Syria's Chemical attack? I do not support Trump, but I say we end anyone doing this to humans.
the illegal strike?
It is not about Muslim Children being killed.it is all about how much of the Sarin Nerve Gas Hezbollah got their hands on to use on ISRAEL
Oh please. Stop w/the b*llsh!t.
