I personally don't think anyone in government think about the Syrian people only of personal gain. Same as Dick Chaney andIrak ware
Why not discuss why you would allow a scotus seat to be stolen?? Used to respect you. Never again #2018
How was it stolen
USA under Obama should not have encouraged and supported the Arabs spring and funneling arms to savages spawning the creation of ISIS.
#ShameOnYou
The evidence is now clear that the White House and Devin Nunes worked together to halt the Russia investigation: http://nyer.cm/NcTBadg  
Oh yea, the New Yorker, another intelligence and national security arm of the government, very reliable, ssshhhhh, top secret. LOL
The truth will out.  #trumpanzee #traitors
List of 109 shady dealings between members of Trump team and Russian oligarchs, govt, mafia. All items w/ citations. https://thetrumpwatchdog.com/2017/03/31/103-paths-from-trump-to-putin/ …
Not an excellent first step! He wasted American taxpayers' $70 million to no effect. Ha! "runways"? 1st: Is Trump legal prez? #TrumpRussia
I think Obama set the bar about what's legal and what's not legal, don't you.
Senator McCain, you voted party over country. Ur party is acting like dictators trying to destroy meals on wheels, Medicaid, SS, housing,
Try doing some research and not just believing what someone wants unto believe
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FoxNews 

●PLSREADME⚘■
POTUS🕆STAY🕆THE COURSEMAGAMCCAIN N GRAHAM, Y DON'T U JUST LEAVEU R AGST THIS POTUS⚘
What about the dead children in Palestine? Why no mention of the atrocities of Netanyahu?! How does he different from Assad.
Israel wants peace, but Palestinians don't, they being terrorists want Jews and Christians world wide dead,u want Jews and Christians dead
it was a one-time thing he did to flex his muscles 4 his failing poll #'s why believe him now?
He got elected, poll numbers everywhere said HRC was going to win by landslide. Why are u still hanging on to polls, their skewed and bias
You lying old man- the Nazi media is making up all the lies & u know Trump is clean - ur old & no backbone 4 truth!,
we can start by not funding isis anymore.  then we can mind our own business.  fuck the NWO.
Senator let's be frank! Americans want to get to the bottom of the Russian connection! Stop setting smoke screens! Stop enabling madness!
Russian connection? Exactly what "Russian" connection are you talking about? No proof of anything and you ask about connection between who?
I may have misunderstood you. If so, I apologize. Thought maybe you were talking about elections.
Even more important than ever Trump's taxes are released. It must be known what he owes, and to whom.
So we're u a birther also, and now your a taxer
.@SenJohnMcCain @johndickerson @FaceTheNation stay out of comet pizza and pp John. Quit molesting killing and eating children McCain.
Will it be as good as the Libya strategy?#fail
the 2 Jon's Monday morning quarterbacking the needs of America???
Sorry I voted for you. Your comments totally undermine the current admin. Hard to take someone who picked Sarah Palin seriously
Maybe you could succeed if you get him off of the golf course!!!
U have to be joking
DO NOT FORGET ABOUT TRUMP-RUSSIA CONNECTIONS
And don't forget about Hillbillary selling 20% of our uranium to Russia and getting $100s of thousands of dollars from them for speeches
You can start by impeaching Trump.
Stupid, why don't we go back and do a recount also

Thanks for your clear-eyed remarks about Syria. I also agree that we need to further degrade the regime's ability to launch air attacks.
Time to retire, John.
Glad to see American Patriot @SenJohnMcCain back in the game #CountryFirst
Our long term strategy John? TERM LIMITS! You commie!
You are so naive you are a liberal media tool they use to bash trump..
Sen McCain, TRUMP has been in power for 4 months.. YOU have been in our govt for over 30 YEARS.. WHOS FAULT IS IT AGAIN??
USA will not be able to end fighting in Syria & we should not try! It would only end up being another Vietnam. You can't defeat an ideology.
Let me guess John 150,000 us troops a whole heap of cannon fodder for the elite and globalists
Isn't the us and world being at war since 01 gone on long enough bring the troops home if you have any virtue
my point of view is it was premature to remove bashar, otherwise, if bahar goes, it will be more violent than libya and iraq
I have come to the conclusion that there is something really evil about him.
Discussion of strategies should have came first. Pull in the reigns on your President.
McCain! notice that every time CNN and MSNBC wants to piss on Republicans they call you. You're like that bobblehead that keeps talking nuts
It's because of Rogue players like you that Lindsey Graham says Syria keeps flying insinuating "F-You" attitude. No TEAM solidarity. FOOLISH
Why don't you stop putting your view of things which undermines the administration? It's been this process that second guesses Trump! WTH!!
The horse has left barn Senator.
You are a warmonger and you have no right to fight wars on behalf of all nations on sovereign land-no right to oust leaders just stop!
Terrorist United States. Terrorists do not give weapons, nobody dies in the world.
Make it rain
Happy anti-air deffence day #happyairdefenceday
You are one of those who started the war in Syria. Why should other americans die for the sake of your phobia, in the war with Russia?
Very disappointed in you lately.
Senator McCain,If you feel that way about the nuclear tactic to push Gorsuch through, why would you agree to it? So disappointed.
Go put yourself on the front line. Throw yourself on a grenade if necessary. Take the rest of the GOP with you. Sacrifice yourselves. Please
what were you doing in Syria recently? Plz do not even talk about this anymore and stay out.
We already know that, why imply the President doesn't? Can you just take a week off the backstabbing please?
U r not the President. U r a bitter old man who makes millions from wars u think 15 yer
.in middle east is good experience? U r a joke
Damn, I was hoping you would announce your resignation.
You gunna discuss how you dropped napalm on people Mr "Go to War Over Chemical Weapons?"
#pathetic
McCain: Trump aides "partially to blame" for encouraging Syrian regime's behavior http://hill.cm/wuIwDGQ  
You Sir, are a bag of wind.
McCandyCain, a loser in war & Washington, a nobody with a big mouth & a traitorous background. Palin outshined him. Carol he dumped for $$$.
Please stop talking Senator McCain. You're actions speak louder than your words and since they never match, your words have no validity.
Thinking you'll overloook Trumps teams collusion with Russia if he does what you want with Syria etc. How have we arrived here as a nation?
#DeleteYourAccount Stop with the hype
You are a liar and a dog John McCain. You want to determine their future.
Pvt. Mike Ramos needs your help. Tweet.
I know, we will colonize  it and make it part of  the _bushes new world order state governed by Soros the communist and your sponsor of reve
Why not vote to have war powers first
#Have @POTUS
@reAldoNALdtRUMP
#TweetMe,@senjohnMccAiN,
#IfYouWantToSendMeToThe #DPRK
#ToMake #Peace #W/#MyFriend
#andFollower,@OFFicial_KJU!
The American people have lost all respect for John MCain.  He says it is wrong to vote "nuclear option" and then votes for it. No integrity
u know the lives of every sailor was endangered by 2 hr warning Russ knew we were there
Bush Cheney just start a war. Trump just start a war. Send your own children
So why did we bomb there? Administration cares nothing about refugees. This is a distraction to russian collusion. Just start a war. Right?
Retire and leave us alone!
Is there a good reason why you won't go on Fox? Too conservative?
https://twitter.com/missourigirl72/status/851129538507665409 …
John McCain loves war.
Trumps strategy for Syria is simple. This first pitch was a "duster".  Back off or the next one's going up along side Assad's head.
How dare you say @Potus is partially responsible for chemical attack. You are truly a traitor to this country.
McCain still campaigning to DEM base! Jackalope!
What did trump do that Syria is partially his fault? Or are you trying to bait him into ur goal of putting more troops on the ground
Why didn't you ask him about his vote to use force in 2013?  What is wrong w/ the media?
@NorthernStork @johndickerson @FaceTheNation
Syrian airbase is back in action after U.S. touts missile strikes as success. http://atfp.co/2pbBBZk 
Then why did you vote for it!!!
You were a fighter, now you are a "wet" in the inmortal words of Margaret Thatcher !
Pls retire and go away
You had your chance and lost. Your vengeful b/c @POTUS was our choice. You continue to disparage him with your hate & vitriol. Resign

Everywhere I turn your on some fake news show. When exactly are you in the Senate to work for the Republicans that voted for you Again?
Your laws make you all murders everyone that is filing there taxes is paying to murder babies so they can call themselves free are you?
Easy, investigate Serena Shim's murder in Turkey. She knew about ISIS funding,& was about to whistleblow.
Hey Cain how many babies have you had murdered since you been in office have you top Hitler yet?
Did you confess that the Free Syria Army is really Al Queda? You werent elected President becuz u want to arm Al Queda
The strategy is what's best politically & financially for @realDonaldTrump, Jared, Tilletson & Putin. Next: Tillerson's meeting w/ Putin.
you don't want the attack by isis to stop.If you did you would if done some thing when 1,400 Syrian where killed by gas.
So past being useful, you should retire, @Maga
There's a strategy, just cause it's not yours?!
You supported it. Your done next election. Unless term limits happen as promise. No promises have been so far so I doubt it
I am way too good l
Please retire
That MUST be planned with our Allies. Time to stop being the aggressor it only earns us terrorists everywhere.
to end the violence end #NATO & inside job with jewish mafia and more with #greywoolves mafia. Liars, guilty killers #CIA
McCain has but one mantra-----war war war war--time for you to retire but before you do please join the Dem party where you belong!
You talk against your party about nuclear option but then vote for it. Trumps wasting taxpayer money every weekend golfing!
School lunches, science, arts, destroying our earth! You are all acting like dictators ready to kill off all the people with needs slowly
still planing to arm islamist terrorists!What a brillant idea!Really!Use your brain!Support secularist syria not those islamist terrorists!
US needs a strategy in Syria developed with our allies Turkey, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, together they have 700,000 well equipped troops
Long term ha ha ha.. follow jewish lobby and sell u value
To hell with you McCain
What do u get out of destroying Syria ?
He put strategy after 20milion syrian deth
Peace in the region? When has there EVER been peace in the region? More war is not the answer. Please retire, you crazy war monger. Enough.
they should have asked u how, attack when in use like everyday?  They missed all Russian planes
'Tuck this feather in ur hat: Feds spent $100 mil to bomb base in Syria but couldn't find $55 mil to fix pipes in Flint #WhoCaresAboutKids'

Yes. Long and explicit. YK
Greetings to your principled positions
People of Syria and Iran need your help
Thanks for your support
Senator McCain...you need a real leader before you do anything at all.  The Syrian PR stunt was the stuff of Trump's insanity!  Don't buy it
In the end you vote party over Country which is pathetic
Thanks sen.John I hope USA will stand up for Syrians and end the suffering of the people there .
Can GOP or whole Congress keep Trump inline re Syrian & many other serious problems we face?
McCain act all tough and shit but history told us otherwise
its funny how McCain is a hawk. He couldn't even fight wen he had a chance 
Trump/Putin's shiny object got your attention judging by show. Their Syria diversion worked. Collusion ok as long as we throw $ at war, huh?
Where is @SenJohnMcCain located in that interview? It's beautiful!!
if you're so concerned about the state of our nation, why do you keep voting wi/the GOP? you can't be a voice of opposition then go along
McCain is right & it would be a limited effort for the US with our allies to destroy Assad's air power he uses to slaughter Syrian civilians
U people that don't want Trump to mess with North Korea now let me ask you. Do you really think the leader of NK is just going to stop? Huh?
.@SenJohnMcCain your mouth says one thing, your actions another. You are such a disappointment. Your vote on Gorsuch set the precedent.
McCain is now  unpredictable which is no comfort for any of us. His memory failing? Time to bow out. The once Pullar is crumbling badly.
Hope this didn't ruin your recess
The blood of innocence will be a stain upon your soul for eternity if you keep war mongering. #Resist #Trumprussia #russiagate #calexit
The Vietnamese Called him Canary. He talked so much they milked him and got bored of the Traitorous little Shit and we have to suffer him!
