DO YOU REALLY CARE? You lied about wanting to repeal/replace Obamacare. Why should we ever believe anything you ever say again?
He should be force to have the same health care as us blue collar workers. Than the lier would repeal it
I agree with you 100% Phyllis! Our premium has gone up 130% & we don't even go to the Dr! No illness! I don't need wage - Just keep my $!
Yes I drive a school bus 14k a yr 12oo. Month 689. Month ins employee +1child do the math.
This don't look like a accident it to big accident are small shit not big shit that kill people who want who dead
............were all making our investigations........aren't we...
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain (& Admiral Dad) confronted for betraying #USSLiberty for Israel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyjykrLbvU&feature=youtu.be … #Navy
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty cover-up & #Media Accomplices: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #USNavy
/ @AmericanLegion calls on #Congress to investigate #Israel attack on #USSLiberty: http://usslibertyveterans.org/files/USS%20Liberty%20Reaolution%20Passed%20by%20AL.mp4 …
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain refuses to investigate #USSLiberty: http://www.military.com/daily-news/2013/06/07/liberty-survivors-invoke-benghazi.html … #USNavy #Navy
John McCain is hands down the biggest bold-faced liar in the Republican Party. You, sir, are a complete and total embarrassment. Go. Away.
Cause they're not "accidents", Duh!
A retired Master Chief I know says training has been "streamlined" too much. Less seamen on duty w/ less experience much of the time.
Get answers to these families they are waiting.
These sailors are still missing
 We need information. #PrayForThe10 
I'm guessing evil that owns your soul knows exactly what is going on. Will you explain your Ukrainian Nazi ties? It's about to break CONFESS
And this is an American Nazi As we see in the picture?

I hope my irony about Obama Nazi was understood?
Tyagnibok the same Nazi as Obama )
i know why. 

common core, and can't fucking read "how to avoid large ships"
or even, drive a boat properly.
I agree!! With as much technology they have why are all of these things happening.
Stop siding with obstructionists, John. Get with the our President's Agenda: OUR AGENDA AMERICA's AGENDA. Make US & Arizona proud of you
1 is an accident after that no. Can't u people see these are deliberate to bring the navy down which all of you let Obama start
Are we sure they are accidents.
We need 2 find out why u voted no 2 repeal Obamacare when folks in ur own state face over 100% premium increase.  How do u vote no 2 that?
He voted no so they could work with Dems to get a better health care plan started. The one they wanted to pass was even worse!
Keep tellin yourself that,  thats what they want u 2 think lol. Turn off cnn n msnbc n think 4 urself ur so much smarter than they think u r
So should I turn on FOX news instead? No thanks since I can & do think for myself & can tell fact from fiction...
Makes no difference to me, if u like the swamp ur choice
Ewr I caustic soda Bacvb dthnb Benn was m vvoo on bwvvkbqbubwvvkb ju?
Because of what Obama put the Navy, Army, Marine, Air Force and Coast Guard thru the past 8 years, DUH!!!  Where were YOU to allow it??
Nor would I ever pick up a Washington Post. Especially on your recommendation.
Hacking by the Russians? If so, they just started a war!
ship, presidential run, 6 term 30 year no accomplishments, swamp leader only!
You didn't care when Obama was in charge.   That's right you have the same employer as Obama ...@georgesoros
My bet is hacking into navigation system
What happened on the Forestal McShame
Still piss with your vote on Obamacare. You #McConnell promises repeal for 8yrs & your vote prove other wise. Counterfeit parts china=karma
Anything named McCain is bound to fuck up
WASHINGTON POST & @SenJohnMcCain in LOVE - are you really a Republican? You are screwing our @POTUS - shame on you man.
Russia and China are interfering with are radar systems adavance are sadilites the only way to defend against them crashing are ships.
Quit giving WP advertisement and step down.It was pretty clear you worn out your welcome in your state.
The vessel with which you share your name now also shares your legacy...of absolute failure. You couldn't possibly retire soon enough.
Ur name is a curse #mccann @SenJohnMcCain
Your a little late
If steering went out 3 min before, does not explain why steering out of the path of the tanker didn't occur before..by both parties. #RIP
And how!
I find it ironic, that a ship named after John McCain was involved. Maybe it's time to mothball both?
We've spent decades with BGs transiting through 7th Fleet not operating there. An  under resourced command. Ramp up reveals neglect problem.
How the heck do you have a wreck in the middle of the ocean??  Someone was asleep at the wheel!
What's wrong with sonar and radar, other surveillance tech on board? They must be navigating by sight alone. That's not working so we'll.
Hi Senator McCain! I miss you. Hope you're feeling better.
President Satan has made the US Navy dumb and inattentive like him.
You John committed Treason
The problem could be in the naming convention used. If they didn't call it after warmongers and instead named it after peace loving humans.
@realdonaldtrump I TOLD YOU WHY JOHN MCCAIN.  GOD IS SENDING YOU A MESSAGE.  THERE IS STILL TIME TO REDEEM YOURSELF!
The Russians did it!
Ya think? One fucking vote.
Shame that the politicization of the military takes not just a toll on V.Adm. Aucion's career.  1/2 the active service vessels. Lost lives.
I bet you know something about it
Remember when Trump got caught handing security information to Russians, in Oval Office? Did we ever find out what happened in that meeting?
So says a hotdogging pilot that caused a reckless accident
Must-read #JohnthumbsdownMcCain  is a liar .
I'm sorry our POTUS @realDonaldTrump says mean things about you in ur own state .You are an American hero and we thank you for your service

Ironic isn't it..? Of all the ships..
Thanks again for fucking us on Obamacare
Trump is ranting about being "one vote away" on health care now - he's going after you again.  Jeff Flake is next I'm sure.
Brilliant !!!!!!!!
YES !!
Inappropriate for POTUS to hold self serving rally while American sailors are missing.
USS John McCain have been off course, like RINO John McCain.
The area the uss McCaine was hit is a very popular shipping lane so its not too suprising. Then again im no expert so who knows.
Drain the swamp... @kelliwardaz Kelli Ward for Senator
You Democrats (registered republican)not like one r probably behind it! Selfish,poor people hardly making it ..sore looser they suffer!
That's the first thought that should occur to anyone when yet another collision occurred.
@PostOpinions how does this type of Dibocle happen in today's day & age.!It's like the Costa Concordia again
Maybe their guidance system has been hacked??
There is no guidance system.
because obama let the equipment decay to where it is now...you just gotta keep trying to blame trump for everything don't you johnny?
SO TRUE !!
Exactly. Even I was asking Why does this keep happening?


Sequestration!  Nuff said!
Must retire.
John explain this....
Stabbing America In The Back! @marcorubio @BobCorker @JeffFlake @SenatorTimScott @CoryGardner @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr 
I think it is cyber.
I am sorry to be feeling that we will indeed uncover some kind of cyber-sabotage involving all 4 incidents.  Rule it out b4 firing people.
When you join the president, it will get better for the people of America. Please loose your pride and make an effort.
Not pride...it's about $$
Look who it's named after and that guys actual military record before daddy had it cleaned.
No kidding. And your a great military mind. Duh no S***
They must have taken lessons from you
Sorry John anything from The Washington Post is fake news. I'll get my news from a reputable news source
We shouldn't be getting into accidents. Maybe we have too many ships in the water at the same time. Ever consider that?
Except we don't.
Understand navigation systems hacked. Must be Russians
Because their guidance systems have been hacked by the Russians.
McCAIN THE HERO NEARLY SUNK AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER & KILLED 134 SAILORS a must-read--https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
Nothing from left wing WAPO. Is a must read. You're a left wing RINO.
"The Washington Post" &  @SenJohnMcCain 
Forced retirement of experienced Naval officers during the Obama admin. Thanks John you  loser.
Because you've been voting for tax cuts instead of proper funding for the US Navy.
Still, deficit financing the government.  How many fronts do you think we can sustain before bankruptcy?
Which is why I'd rather not be in the middle when Rus+Pak+Iran+PRC are killing each other over their futures for Afghanistan.
We're sending kids,  someone's if not ours to do exactly that.  Things change too fast to even provide the delusion military solution works.
Umm, Maybe they've been hacked?!??
Absolutely. We have had too many of them in this year alone. It's really not like it's rush hour on the highway. Can't they see it coming?
Does the Navy still have folks standing CIC or lookout watch on these newer DD/DDG? Do their OODs know how to interpret radar contacts?
That's what I'm thinking.
McCain is a looser who has done nothing for Arizonia. He attacks the President every chance he gets, he votes with the Democrats, his buddy
https://www.newscientist.com/article/2143499-ships-fooled-in-gps-spoofing-attack-suggest-russian-cyberweapon/amp/ …
Please ask for your name to be taken off this ship , no one likes you
You can ask your dummycrat buddies and switch parties while your at it .
McCain you should support the president in Arizona tonight and stop being a devisive fool!
Why don't you switch parties we know you're not a Republican don't disrespect our president because your closet Democrat switch parties
Due 2 U & your RINO's helped Obama defund military so no $'s 4 training needed-now U & Deep State pushing war so U profit selling arms #scum
When you lower standards to meet quotas this sort of thing happens.
I agree, tanker catching our war ship off guard. Not possible. Like a elephant creeping up on a mouse
sounds like Hacking steering to many accidents to be just a coincidents
We need to reveal your pay to play scheme with DNC. Obstructionist
Already asked: Any chance cause of 2 naval ships that collided w merchant ships/barges over 3 mths could B caused by electronic jamming?
Yep - it's got to be poor tech, poor training, or poor attention to detail - all bad
You turned your back on Americans for 8 years while Obama ruined our country and now you single handedly stopped us from having healthcare!
Can you say Russian hacking?? #TrumpRussia
Its your fault mcCain
The beginning of coup
McCain YOU have NO RIGHT to criticize Trump (good or bad), you are nothing but a  self serving traitor to the entire Republican Party.
Two  occurrences recently is too many, but headlines make it seem more frequent.
Soros ANTIFA goons.
Soros-Backed Activists Plan To Steal Trump’s Show In Phoenix http://trib.al/wuuAHRe  
Breaking news!!! HillaryClinton is now changing John McCains diaper, in exchange for his vote int the senate. His GF Nacy Pelosi,is furious
At least their accidents weren't a deliberate showing off that killed 137 seamen
I guess that under Obama. He stripped so much money out of repairing ships. its so bad that we've had to replace items from actual libries
Time to investigate
Now we know he is one of the 6 that are  getting  paid.
Please keep in mind Wikileaks has never lied https://twitter.com/grammajenny123/status/900052569237729282 …
Many years without proper repair. 9 years Not taking care of our military. So Proud that We finally  @POTUS who puts our military first.
Go to UK who invented radar that helped win Battle of Britain. Tech about 4 months old..oops 80years old.
Solid point!
GPS Spoofing? Seems to be murmurs that this could be a cyberhack interfering with instruments and sending false readouts on nav systems.
Wow!  You just woke up?

Trump will be caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Meaning the biggist constitutional crises ever to plague this nation has happened
Да хули оправдываться. Как корабль вы назовёте - так он и поплывет
No its time to find out why u stabbed the people in the back on obamacare repeal...... and many other things too. Retire mccain!
Agree. No time to let our guard down. Our troops deserve the best equipment, training, and leaders. @SenJohnMcCain, I think we AGREE!!! #USA
Well Hohn YOU must take a stand against Trump !!!
Dude this is embarrassing!
YES, Please! Loss of life is horrible! Loss of honor and pride is heartbreaking. U.S. Navy is the best trained fighting force - so, why?
Wasn't 'GPS hacking to start a war' the plot of a bad James Bond film?  Tomorrow Never Dies, right?
#TruthStrangerThanFiction
One big reason is that the Navy's budget has been cut too much. At least that what experts are saying. Too many mission for # of ships
Forced retirement of experienced Naval officers during the Obama administration is why! You allowed it to happen!! #profit4you
He also voted against Obamacare repeal. He's responsible for these deaths & all the ones med tech would have cured if he had allowed it.
Millions of lives were saved by allowing the free market to develop drugs & medical procedures. The number of people killed by his vote...
@PostOpinions Perhaps, more hacking by the Russians &Putin? I would say 'yes' to that, &DT invited all of it
Two in one month?
"Very superstitious / Writing on the wall," "Superstition,"
SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE,
the great Stevie Wonder.
YES !!  These songs do come true and
make sense many times !!
Put me down for sabotage via hacking.
Maybe if they spent more time training on seamanship and less time on SHARP/EO briefs, they'd be better sailors?
Lack of Senate support for defense for entire time you have been our Senator. Your resignation for ineptness would be appreciated!
It's  Putin doing some kungfu cyber attacks on the radar to distract us from Trump  disaster.
maybe they've been hacked?
I suggest if you really want to solve this problem put @Gladwell on the case!
It's anarchy and madness, Sir. As long as trump is in our White House,  we will have only anarchy & madness. This can not be fixed
Sabotage. Hacking. Better hurry up, sir. Every minute Trump in office is another chance for an "accident" like this. Impeach this miscreant.
With all this high tech, how the fuck are they running into eachother? Is Trump at the helm??
Ya think
Do they not have radar?
Maybe someone is hacking into their signal systems?
Russia has the technology and a China is cheering it. Trump only seems to care when it affects him personally.
Ya THINK?!?!  TIME TO FIND OUT "WHY" -WAS IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE FIRST ACCIDENT!!
John don't pocket another million taxpayer dollars. In drivers ed you learn to turn left or right. How about the simple solution. #MAGA
So sorry.  This has to be a very special blow as you have such a powerful connection.  I pray it can be salvaged.  Prayers for those lost.
No one looking where they are going, trying to use electronics only.
Low observability designs are not compatible with normal seafaring operations... QED.
C7F is asked to do too much like the rest of our military. Time to drop tasks that belong to local govs @US7thFleet @thejointstaff
Incompetent commander in chief?
Geez how left are you trusting a traitorous publisher? Just because you were a prisoner of war does not make you a guru.
Obviously computers, humans need to be in control
Ever since trump became president. Damn. Even many celeb are bailing out to Forest Lawn.
Obama  would not allow us to improve our military .Its up  to the  NEW  white house to undo 8 years    of bad  decision making
There is nothing in the @washingtonpost that is a must read.  Just a propaganda rag.
I hope you're doing well. Best wishes!
New for of terrorism; bet the other ships captain paid for his distruction and death.
Form
#Traitor
After hearing about the "acoustic attack" on our embassy personnel perhaps there is another "007" type attack causing these collisions?
This Wouldnt' happen to a battleship. Bring back battleships.
in the same area.  That to me is something targeting us in that area. I see a pattern and Im a civilian
The fourth this year. The armed services committee must be asleep!
The world has lost respect, since they're seeing our leadership isn't working together to due what they promised; Repel Obamacare.
EVERYONE loves the military BUT YOU and Jeff not so much
Note to America and @realDonaldTrump  Loose lips sink ships!!!!!!!!!
