What can we do to reign in the power of this madman and his followers?
Actually you could move to Mexico, plenty of jbs there they don't want to do. Other than that your stuck with Trump 7 more years
Hell no! You r terrible Republican get out.
Are you running for President in 2020?
Sorry we don't need an 84-year-old president
Better than what we have now... works on bipartisanship and stands up for what is right.
Hey john how is it one becomes a prisoner of war and days later navy pilots start coming out of the skies left and right ????
My question is when are you retiring!
BEST OF LUCK W/YR HEALTH. NOW GET FK OUT, SIR. U HAVE OUTLIVED YR FKG USEFULNESS TO THIS COUNTRY. UR DONE. THANKS U, NOW GO HOME TRAITOR
Why don't you get out of the swamp and do your job hero did you do forget who you was get out of the swamp and remember who you are
I'm too late, but why r u a traitor
No thanks
Lier & incompetent & anti USA Trump is still POTUS,why?
He won the elect Electoral College that's why
Umm, I know I'm a day late, but Tweets (Twitter) & Facebook aren't the same. Although, this makes more sense than most things you say! #MAGA
Just stop trashing POTUS and our COUNTRY,just talk about your cancer,leave Govt alone you've done enough damage JohnBoy
Resign your an embarrassment to AZ
Will you step aside and let someone else get to work for our great country.  You are an obstructionist
Just plenty grateful you R alive and standing strong on America's side. God Bless You
Dare you to explain your traitor vote on repealing health care in a public forum in AZ. Go be with your family. Voters r fed up w/you
Margie please look at what he voted against instead of reflexively thinking 'repeal and replace' is a good idea. ACA is working. Be smart
I appreciate your comment and thank you for being polite. I do not agree with you. I have been following for several years. Not a reflex.
1)How are you feeling? 

2)What is your plan to protect #DACA kids? Arizona's economy greatly benefits from these ppl.
Protect the 1.6M babies murdered in the USA every year through abortion. Then discuss #daca
How come we are the majority party and it looks like we are not?  Nothing's getting done.  Stop vacations until all bills passed
When are going to resign?
I tweeted a question to you, but haven't received an answer. Hope it comes soon.
You rock, John! Thank God there is a person with guts plus a social conscience in the Senate.
When are you retiring??
How was your stay in Hanoi after you ratted our guys out? Pleasurable I hear. Also read where you were a piss poor pilot. Tell truth.
When are you retiring?  Can you move to Russia
Think about that one sir I understand you're mad at Trump for that dumb, you made but you're hurting us
Just because you become a hero don't excuse you anything like are the swamp are you American or are you part of the political correctness
Please retire. You're an embarrassment to the Republican Party !
Go away
I missed that but would have been there.  It's good you are back.
Word broke that you'll vote to repeal the ACA. 
So while your brain tumor is treated, you'll let millions whose taxes pay your salary die?
How much were you paid for the recent flip on ACA and who paid you
Why did you betray your brothers in Vietnam?
Same reason he betrayed the same people who votes for him when he ran for president. #johnthumbsdownmccain. I love karma. And GOD
No one cares
Where is your Health Care plan.  Drain the swamp it is YOU
Please say that you are not going to back another repeal of the ACA? Why ? I heard on MSM just now. #norepeal
Sir, I wish you good health. My ques.:What is Mr.Trump plan to say this week? Thank you.
You don't have anything we want to hear, you're a traitor to your own party.
You won't like my question so I am sure you would not answer it, Just like you ignore all the reasonable people who disagree with you.
VAIN THINGS
FOR GOD ISN'T THE GOD OF THE DEAD BUT OF THE LIVING
Republican TRAITOR can't wait till your voted out
When will the rest of the Veterans have exemplary health care like yourself? You still like omg on them?
You are an embarrassment to our country
How come ur not working today? If ur not fit to work.  PLS FKG RESIGN. How long do u have? I need to know how long we have to put up with u.
The number one Democrat!   You need gone asap!
YOU MANIPULATIVE SHITSTAIN
BACKING REPEAL & REPLACE AFTER SHOWBOATING
No thanks. I've given up on you
So I guess you don't need to worry about Zuckerberg shutting down your FB page?  That proves you're a RINO!
Is it true, Senator? R U going to risk your rep to vote repeal of ACA and harm millions in process?
Seems tge broadcast is not avaliable. I take it that it did not go well? Lol
RETIRE
You are looking good Senator, keep it up!
Will Congreve be able to fix healthcare, taxes and immigration? Or are we expecting to much.
Need to resign.  Switch parties.
Why did you break your promise to repeal Obamacare? Seems like you just wanted votes
Its good to see you are back
Why Are You Still A Traitor To The American people? You know God doesn't grant pardons like Nixon did.
GUARD YOUR HEART FOR FROM IT FLOWS THE WELLSPRINGS OF LIFE IT'S NOT WHAT GOES IN BUT WHAT COMES OUT

How are you feeling?
Why do u provide $84 million of viagra in 2016 to military with 14,000+ rapes in 2016 do you not understand that you are enabling criminals
Aren't there more pressing issues? If you don't know what We the People want and voted for by now you never will. Retire.
JOHN MCCAIN -- When do you ever have time for your brain cancer treatments?  Is that a LIE too?
And listen to your BS
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness
Senator, please do whatever possible to reverse Trump's hateful and racist DACA decision.
Why did you turn your back on the people who voted the President into office?
Why USA don't trust Pakistan n war against terror even after PK has made so many sacrifices?
I just wanted to let you know how much I apprec ur service to this country. I'm a dem and I really respect you and thank u 4 ur HC vote.
I did too until heard today he will likely vote for their latest repeal idea. So disappointed.
When are you going to retire ?
Sir, you had to go for the presidency
U just wrapped up a month long vacation. U should be working to resolve the problems plaguing our country. No dicking around on Facebook.
FOR THE SAME MEASURE YOU JUDGE IT WILL BE MEASURED BACK UNTO YOU
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/recall-senator-john-mccain-he-unfit-both-medically-and-mentally-serve-his-duties-senator …
Why would you campaign on repealing Obamacare yet vote to keep it? I'll answer for you, you're a liar and fraud.
Does Mr. Senator know that international terrorist Putin is the sponsor and master of the North Korean dictator?
Sorry Shipmate @SenJohnMcCain I don't do #FaceBook
ENOUGH of you Soros/Clinton stooge....You belongs in jail, nursing home or at least a mental ward, not in the U.S Senate!
There you go put it before Congress and pass it and get it done 
Any health care business Whether it be pharmaceutical or medical cannot deny any person or persons for coverage in healthcare
When are you going to do this country a great service and retire. You are mentally unable to do your job do to your health.
Retire!
And yes it is that easy if you can pass laws about car safety then you can pass laws to protect the American people from being taxed
If the fed Gov would put the AMERICAN people FIRST and not the damn health care/pharmaceutical companies we would not be having this problem
#MedicareForAll
You won't answer them
When is Congress going to back this President?
Why can't the fed Gov just pass common sense laws for health care reform?
Make illegal to deny someone for a pre existing condition
Hahaha.  #johnthumbsdownmccain voted against fixing healthcare.  Wow what a 
Putin=Russia are closely cooperating with the North Korean regime and supplying nuclear weapons! Will US stop the relationship with Putin?
Voting machines are also hackable. Every state should be using paper ballots.
Russia has waged cyber war on Americans and nothing is being done, because, of course, it benefits the @GOP. Time to get serious
When will you support impeachment? Where's your red line?
Why are you known as "SONGBIRD" ?
Thank you for not always toting the party line. It gives me hope that others will make good decisions too.
Only democrats say this while they always tote their party line.
God works thru you.  Do good, be an example.
Do you ever get tired of the taste of liberal  ass ???
Drat! I missed it
Traitor!!
Are you supporting a Tax Reform Plan? Please do not sabotage Mr Trump agenda, we voted for him . Thanks!
I pray you and others (President, SecDef, SecEnergy, DHS, SASC, etc.) will act now to protect our electric grid from catastrophic attack.
John, your a Maverick, why don't you be the SENATE Leader exposing CORRUPTION and help the PRESIDENT DRAIN the SWAMP. Close SPECIAL INTEREST
Will you support #HR392 ? Its for Legal Immigration. Stuck in GC backlog for 11 years. Whats your thought regarding this one?@RepKevinYoder
Hope your doing well
Why the reticence to admit Putin gave technology to N. Korea to get US to remove sanctions and cede Ukraine & Crimea?
God bless you John..Thanks for all of your service to our nation.
NOBODY IS PARTIAL TO THEIR OWN COUNTRY THEY'RE ONLY PARTIAL TO SELF
Why can't you act like a Republican and get a better health care passed.  Lower and middle class people are hurting.
I've not seen republicans concerned about the middle class or lowering healthcare costs in my lifetime. Do you have examples?
That's a joke isn't it SClayton. I could say the same thing about Dems. Restore free enterprise and take Govmnt out of Health care
When will y'all impeach trump for enriching using the office 2pocket $ Put this fire out! Does this only pertain to Pres w/peanut companies
When will you remove the R and replace it with a D
When are you going to impeach Trump
Term limits
Thank you for taking questions and answering in a non scripted manner. Shows your real thoughts, not rehearsed lines.



It's a colossal waste of our energy to fight about everything. Solving problems that all of our children will inherit is our sacred duty.
How about listening to ur constituents & the ppl who elected ur parties President. Stop the vindictiveness & hate @POTUS.
When will you be arrested for "crimes against humanity "??
Obama violated Constitution with DACA. Where's the criticism? Want it do it right. RULE OF LAW. Retire Brutus
No Facebook. Violates host privacy & security.
Are you going to speak out about what Gutiérrez said about Kelley?
Just go away dude. Nobody cares about what you have to say anymore. Sellout McCain!
Why are you democraps so angry?
When are you going to retire! #MAGA #draintheswamp #mccainmustgi
Meghan you are so blessed, I knew there was a reason I like youYOUR DAD IS WHAT AMERICAN SHOULD BE ABOUT. Love McCain
What will it take for you to become a leader on climate legislation like you were 10yrs ago, and take bipartisan action?
JUDGE NOT AND YOU WON'T BE JUDGED
What' is so difficult abt using BO's EO as a template to solidify DACA into real legislation?
Strange how your whacko bird snowflake trolls cling on. What's racist about POTUS making Congress do their jobs. DACA in your court. RETIRE
How are you feeling these days?
Kings Nunes and Gowdy are trying to undermine the Mueller investigation. They are abusing their power on these committees. Sick of this
As well as Graham and Grassley. They should be removed. This @GOP is a mind boggling group of corruption.
You need to move to and become a democrat
When are you guys impeaching Trump?
Sir, when will #GOP cut bait with this president/VP? They have so much chaos, unlucky to ever be productive.
Why did you lack the integrity to repeal Obamacare the one time your vote would have mattered?
Why the hell are you trying to lead us through a system that does not work? You and your globalist cronies are destroying America.
We need to build a relationship with Russia. Humanity will perish if we do not work on our relationships with other countries China-Russia.
China could take over the world at any moment if they so chose. We need a relationship with Russia to counter China.
Will you commit to getting your ego under control and stop seeking TV cameras at every opportunity? You hate Trump, but please stop.
You sure require the Spotlight for a guy out of the loop. Support the POTUS and Americans need Healthcare. You have Healthcare others need.
Hi Senator McCain, do you believe Congress will be able to "fix" the DACA issue?
and why not put some items like daca up for voting by the general public on election day?
? instead of waiting for others why nor propose bills or ideas on all the major issues now
ща на чирикаем
Serious question........why are you not going to retire and spend time with your family making memories?
When are you going to RETIRE!

Why are you a TRAITOR?
Can you retire? I'll be your best friend
Why? So you can tell more lies. TRAITOR
It seems the will of a nation has fallen to the will of the #Bigots, #Wealthy, and the uneducated. Only a reset of #Gov can fix all now.
Thank you for your service.
IF WE PAT A MAN ON THE BACK WE ROB HIM HIS RICHES FROM GOD?!?
If you were in the House,  would you vote to impeach Trump?
How hard is it to stick with your conscience when getting flack from both sides?
WHat #Questions do you think can't be answered by the clear and blatant stupidity and misconduct on the @WhiteHouse #Corruption has WON!
Will you please step down we know frontal lobe cancers affect the ability to make decisions
If you could vote again for Trump's cabinet, would you vote differently now on any nominee knowing what you know?
IT'S ALWAYS EASIER TO PLAY MONDAY MORNING QUARTERBACK AFTER SUNDAY'S GAME BUT ONCE MY DOORS ARE CLOSED?!?
