1.  He broke the law 
2.  Sending more troops is not a strategy
3.  It's only getting hotter. Your leader doesn't care

4.  You could say no
What about a Russian foreign agent still in the WH?  When do you impeach?
Any evidence yet?
Are you blind?
Well, I see lots of accusations and breathless insinuations but no real evidence... Are you blinded by rage?
I know he is buddy buddy with Russia.  Are you blind or stupid?
Lots more.  And yes... I am afraid you are.   As DJT is acting like a guilty man and you are clueless
Lots more? Feel free to share it at anytime genius.
Please vote NO on Trumpcare.
we've been in Afghanistan for FIFTEEN YRS!  the strategy should be, get the hell out!
Poor pajama boy I just read since u got caught taking money from Soros u won't come clean about ur foundation.Ur family must be so proud.
If you decide not to vote for #Trumpcare, & I hope u do, don't worry about what Trump will do. He attacked u before & u survived.
Silence on Trumpcare?
1 question. Why do you take money from #soros & saudis? #SwampMonsterMcCain
McCain can STOP LEAKING to MSM .. dishonest senator you are!
Too bad that your concern does not extend to 22 million who will lose coverage under the health care bill. Have you no shame?
Why should he, just check it out and find out what Obama care did to Medicaid, do yourself a favor first and do a little research.
Maybe address the Senate's rush to pass Trumpcare without any hearings? Or how you're planning on voting on Trumpcare and why?
Why not, they rushed to pass Obama Care without any hearings ("have to vote for it to see what's in it"-Pelosi) this can't be much worse
Educate yourself. There were hundreds of hearings on Obamacare over several months, with Democrats accepting Republican amendments.
GOP was shut out of final process...Pelosi: "you'll have to pass it to find out what's in it"...or did she not say that?
Question 1, why are you a traitor to your party, Country, most of all our President.. Those of you wanting this question answered retweet it
news broke that John McCain’s McCain Institute for International Leadership was taking money from anti-American billionaire George Soros
If you vote for the HC Bill to please comrade Trump it will be so gratifying to see you go down in your re-election bid. VOTERS MATTER!
You should talk about how you are finished as a senator because you won't stand up to comrade Trump for AZ residents over HC bill #goodbye
Warmbier- sad.

But how about MILLIONS of Americans IN AMERICA loosing healthcare

"Access" is a theory not a practicality...

Speak
That was horrible.  As a mother who lost a son at 25, I have great empathy for the family. They will never be the same. Punishment in order
So you'll spend time on a guy who committed a crime in a foreign country but no outcry for our dead vets coming home!  Please resign! U SUCK
BUT who R U? STOP being a potitician and BE an American! AHCA is going to ruin many lives and make a FEW richer? ITS a TAX BREAK for 1%
Senator, please vote for the people not a party. We need a plan that doesn't sacrifice lives for the benefit of the rich #VoteNo
Mcaine all you do everyday is Look for another war on this Earth. Stop interfering in other countries problems. you make the u.s.a worst off
Question #4. When will you be switching parties & become a democrat?
Rino.
Why is the $700B Medicaid tax cut going to billionaires and not working people.
@SenJohnMcCain vote NO on TrumpCare.  Work with your bi-partisan colleagues to design a better solution.
3Qs: Why give the rich money at the expense of poor lives?How can you deprive millions of health care?Where does McConnell keep your balls?
Thanks for Otto Warmbier,Thanks for understanding and your warm heart of father, citizen, patriot of the world!
You alone contribute to the destruction of the evil empire,You exercise tremendous influence and
help in overthrowing the tyrant, the dictator, the obscurantist Putin.
Will I die of the heat or Trumpcare first?  Will you have a job next election, will u represent the people who pay u to do so?...
@WhiteHouse @KremlinRussia_E @XHNews @khamenei_ir @jokowi @modi @StephenBannon He- @moonriver365 reject aid me
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @BarackObama @StephenBannon Who aid @moonriver365 ?He reject aid me-my visit to there.Really, second time visit.Broken
@SpeakerRyan @BarackObama @tedcruz @StephenBannon i'm visit @TheBlueHouseKR but never meet Angel-borrow money to me for go to there.
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @BarackObama @StephenBannon i'm agrees THAAD root in SKorea. Very greatly agrees. if erase protestors, i agrees.
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @BarackObama @StephenBannon Some SKorean will protest location THAAD in SKorea, surround US Ambassador in Seoul.
@BarackObama @SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @StephenBannon see bus numer, it's SKorea by MB n some power person's do to me. They are your  friends.
Why are you being so wishy washy on trump and Russia ??!! What is wrong with you sir ???!
Where were you when he was being tortured everyday? Under obamas desk im sure!
Why didn't u take 1 damn action to save OTTO?
Will you vote NO on Trumpcare?
I have a question: When are you going to stand against a "health care" bill that hurts those in need, and gives to the rich? #IblametheGOP
Breaking Iran is releasing proof of Mccain US military support for Isis and terrorism. McCain is low scum
Funnelingng tax $ 4 terrorism
How about what your vote will be on the health "care" bill?  You old drooling fool.
Who the fark asked you about Arizona heat? Maybe you're a weatherman now? Because you ain't no senator
Simple answer for the extreme Arizona heat, wait till winter and taunt your friends shoveling snow elsewhere.
Afghan strategy is easy. Kill the enemy, break their toys, and don't stop till they scream Uncle.
15 of the hottest years on record have been in the last 16yrs. Fight #climatechange
What do you say to voting no on Trumpcare so people don't lose their health insurance?
Can you add this question please: why is the senate republican healthcare bill good for Arizonans?
What about the Trumpcare healthcare bill, that will leave millions w/o healthcare?????
Please retire.
You sold out. Makeshift patriot your time is over.
Why not talk about Trump Care
Please retire, a disgrace to the Party, America, and honest people everywhere
No healthcare discussion? It's not like it's a pressing matter or anything.
Retirement home.........anyone...anyone?? #warmonger yes John it gets hot in Arizona. #climatechangekook
Maybe you should go on the shows that RevAl is on.
My question:   What is the average time frame for someone to transition from being a "maverick" to a "coward" of Trump.
But your party doesn't believe in climate change or in taking care of seniors or poor. Really too bad I could have liked you w/o that
Thank you for condolences to Otto's family. Please continue your efforts for the three Asian American prisoners who no one is concerned for!
Um, John, climate change?
It's time for the home, John. You're old, you're tired, and you've not done much good in the Senate for a long time
Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia and Russia Russia.
Thank you for speaking on this potentially deadly heat. Could you please add the elderly and the address the need for hydration?
really?  no comments on trumpcare?
Congratulations on family member's invite to join the deeply respected Trump administration after all his attacks on you. Political hacks.
When are you going to speak out against the NoCare health bill that will kill millions of Americans?
Не судите ,да не судимы будите, свободу всем невинно осужденным в США!
This guy needs to go globalist take Graham with him terrible
And no word from you about this outrageous healthcare bill written by 13 men. Please stand up for women and children.
I call your office every day.
I email you every day.
Vote NO on this Trumpcare fiasco!
You have been a Senator the whole time Otto was over there, why didn't u do something?? Term limits!!!
Because he only showboats and until he died he was not showboat worthy!  @SenJohnMcCain is a washed up has been puppet with no guts left!
Soros
How about the GOP healthcare travesty? Oh, that's right u only care about foreign affairs.
How about Trump & Family enriching themselves at the expense of the American people ?
and his wife Cindy's sweetheart state dept job for which she is entirely unqualified! Don't forget that too!
How about, the largest tax cut in history, AKA Trumpcare,  The Emoluments Clause, and Russia involved in our elections ?
You would do better by We The People by letting us chose the 3 questions. Trumpcare, Trump/Russia & Trump Obstruction.
Donald Trump has done more for American veterans then you've done in your whole career and one day shame on you
Hmmmm how about #TRUMPCARE ?
Obamacare was disaster for many in US.  Please work toward decreasing premiums and increasing indiv choice + availability.
For being an American hero, you sure don't do much when it comes to the Russian attack. At times it seems like your party is more important
Please focus away from foreign entanglements&concentrate on tax&healthcare reform +deficit and debt reduction so we don't bankrupt our kids.
I will be with you in that subject.He was very young and very smart boy,which had all the world against him.
Do you really want to be the senator that votes against disabled children, cancer patients, and the elderly? Not a good look. #AHCA
nope definitely not global warming....just stay indoors and think about december
Yep, maybe in another hundred years it will be 122.8 ,because of global warming.
Really? Just going to gloss over that millionaire tax cut disguised as a healthcare bill?
John .Focus on reality that we have no country. Blocked voters, forced legislation, corrupt Pres, backward scientifically, zero diplomacy.
I have a question.
Why do you say you disagree or dislike what other members of the GOP do but vote with them anyway?
#doublespeak #liar
Healthcare?
Just like @NancyPelosi no one cares what you think. Time for new blood in the GOP
Blah Blah Blah. Your wife got a job.
Please vote no on healthcare
dont forget to mention #globalwarming . Fossil fuels are slowly but surely killing America and the planet.
Health Care is number one issue sir. Don't run from your responsibilities.
Now will you please address why George Soros is such a large contributor to your foundation???
SO not the questions I would ask.
How about you address your lack of ability to ask real questions and stop whining over your loss Support our President
Don't bother mentioning Failing Trump, the tape lie and the healthcare fraud going on. Skip the important issues.
Why weren't you at the signing of the VA Accountability law today? More proof you don't care one bit about Vets or Americans.
What about health care!  Huge deal!  Are you paying attention?!
gop healthcare plan: hey stay out the heat cuz if you get heatstroke thanks to global warming you are on your own
Perhaps you could address the important health legislation that impacts 400k Arizonans and millions of Americans
What and the funding of your Institute by George Soros..TRAITOR
Yeah. Global warming is even coming to AZ.
Question 1 
Why did he go Freely to a country who's Leader fed his own uncle to a hungry pack of dogs & had his own Brother assassinated?
My question is when are you going to do the country a favor and retire while you can do it with dignity?
Too late for Mac to retire with dignity.  He has been whipped by 45.  Sad.
Umm, healthcare? Care about it? Not in your top three concerns?
That's funny how you don't give a sh** about healthcare for 300+ million Americans.
How about the health bill
Why won't you talk about this? This happened right here in America?
That's crazy
Don't you pass that health bill John
