So glad you are doing well!
If he left Politics I would say same. Unfortunately I have to wish the worse for him for the good of our Country, he must respect our POTUS
Please take this down. It is visually violent and really upsetting. Please take this down--I ask you, one human to another. Thank you.
Education is not violent and upsetting it is Truth, McCain is no hero and now acts like Traitor disrespecting our POTUS.
wrecked planes, hurt innocent people, showboat at everyone elses expense. Please educate yourself and research this.
oh your a troll! 77 followers! not the sharpest knife eh? research!! as in history books, try Wikipedia, maybe they wont ignore you then
JOIN YOU!! LMAO! You better start respecting our POTUS,oldfool
Respect what? An idiot that can't keep his mouth shut?
namecalling troll alert! please remove #INSTABLOK
Get facts first, Respect our POTUS!
Trump shows no respect for anyone, especially @SenJohnMcCain . He deserves no respect in return.
McCain drew firstblood when he called Trump supporters "whackos". Trump didnt like that and fought back,  Educate yourself please.
You berate our POTUS, Keep your stinking mouth shut, Your a Traitor and should go fast please!  you dont talk like hero, traitor
How much were you paid or promised for the 180 you did on obamacare?
Don't listen to Patrick.
I respectfully disagree
I can't see your response because of sensitive content. Therefore you are blocked.
Do you still feel guilty for killing 133 sailors? How much $$ did Soros give you to throw that 2012 election?
He didn't throw the election, he was just that horrible of a candidate. Palin got him at least 25% of his vote total
Their will
AGAIN: You are our hero, Senator! Whole country blue or red is praying for your recovery. A hero like yourself can beat anything! A CA Dem 
Losing it MCCain retire!
That's a worm  in your head
Why are yo a traitor to your country?
Why are you a traitor??
Question: when will you hand in your letter of resignation?

here are 2 questions: 1) When'll u stand up 4 the @POTUS America elected? 2) When'll u quit carrying water 4 @TheDemocrats?
Senator McCain, can you prevent us from getting killed? Are there steps can you take, independent from Trump, whose hubris endangers us all?
You just said this in April Senator !
So earlier today McCain said trumps rhetoric was dangerous, hours later hes changing his tune. This hack needs to retire NOW
McCain hates Trump so much if he agreed to arm Isis McCain would say it was a bad idea LOL
McCain armed ISIS for http://Obama.Here  is McCain with ISIS leader.
I know that's why I was saying he would screw Trump even on his beloved rebels (isis) wonder how much he made from that deal
Retire.....please
Are happy knowing your no vote is now distroying our economy. Healthcare costs now 60% of retail sales. 3.3 Tril of total 5.5 Tril Happy Now
Economy: how much do you think this little war with N.Korea is going to end up costing us? I don't mean the $ to fix radioactive flesh burns
I'm not sure but perhaps we can divert some of the cost from the Fake Climate Taxes. It's all screwed up. McCain's a disgrace to AZ
@seanhannity @KimDotcom @GOPChairwoman @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump I finally figured it out! Look at McCains retweeters - all liberal Dems
Why did congress put a repeal bill n front of Obama but all of the sudden congress cannot put repeal in font of a Trump? Drain the swamp 
Why were you complicit in peddling DNC funded, Kremlin manufactured oppo research used by O-Team to obtain FISAs to spy on DJT?
I want term limits
so sad I didn't back repeal and replace
John, back in 2008 you convinced me you were a conservative, now get over your hatred for Trump and support the people who trusted you.
#IStandWithTrump and if you're against him, you are the #DomesticEnemy I will defend and protect the Constitution against!
He's a corrupt soros puppet
Two men if dead, America would suddenly be 100X's better off!!!
Exactly bec he's a globalist soros puppet who wants to destroy the America we r trying to save
Evil Traitor !!!!  #TraitorMcCain
Russian bot you are
You people are legit out of your minds.  "Russia!l" boo!! 
Your a great man John, keep up the good work
Question 1 when are you retiring 2. Why are you traitor?
My question...why do wildeyed leftist socialists love you so much?  I think its because they can always count on you to attack conservatives
Do you think Trump's lack of political and diplomatic experience will be a detriment to the future if not existence of the US
You should be working on Trump agenda!!
What is the Trump agenda?
What can be done immediately to prevent war? This is dangerous. Help us.
Read your Bible God said there would be wars and there will be there's nothing anyone can do about it. It's in GODS hands
Hell no !  RINO 
Why are you letting the American people down over and over again? Why John? #wethepeoplersickofit
John mccain why do you seem more of a leader than our POTUS of 2017!?!
#wednesdaywisdom #WednesdayMotivation @realDonaldTrump @FBI are they getting paid by @georgesoros. All liberal Democrats
Have you seen this Senator McCain? Disgusting statement coming from one of your colleagues.
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson: McCain's brain tumor might have been factor in no vote on health care http://cnn.it/2wIvShw  (via @kfile)
It's a very legit theory
Why do think it is so difficult for politicians to work together to solve the real problems facing the United States? It has been too years.
Answer.  95% of politicians have law degrees.  Reduce the number of lawyers controlling our government and increase govt productivity.
Even from your sickbed you try to stir up trouble with your brainless comments.  You have lost your respect.
Sir; wish u complete Recovery - till then no question;
Even from his sick bed he tries to cause trouble.  Traitor.
No way !
You think Donald Trump is an illegitimate President who should be impeached soon for his ill character?
Anyone who posts an upside down US flag is a traitor to this country.
Only morons say that
There's only one question why are you a traitor!
He's a patriot. Country over party.
There is NO justification for voting against the repeal. Time to retire and  take ur bitterness elsewhere!
You must be joking..............
Get off the hate train let President do what Americans voted him in to do. Stop you crap very subversive actions need to stop. Step down
One question. Please let us know when you plan on retiring? Or better still switch to Dem Party?
Not interested. You have irrevocably destroyed your credibility/integrity.
Not on FB.  When do you plan on retiring?
Please tell me u told @SenRonJohnson his lack of a brain factored in to his health care vote
Defend the president or leave please.
No one cares, and how exactly are you in congress drugged up?
Hope you are doing fine. we need you back to work. this idiot in the white house has got to go.why is your daughter so into him
Sure...how does an 80+ elderly brain surgery patient going thru chemo make urgent logical decisions on US future???
When are you retiring, nothing but a Rino, you aren't getting he job done, move aside!!
Support our president
Aren't we paying you to do some work- sometime?
I'll be back in Az in a couple of weeks. Take care buddy!
If your such a patriot you need to grow a backbone and stand right. That's with our amazing president that truly loves America!!
Here's a question: why did you sell out the American people and lie and go back on  promises to repeal and replace??
I may be independent liberal but I admire your service and your courage and your patriotism and I pray for your recovery.
When will you retire so we can get relief in Arizona.
Please retire
Did you apologize to the US service men's families for getting them killed due to your Treason??? Do you feel any guilt??
Why do you hate the American People? You hate our president, you promised to repeal & replace Obamacare. Pls. Retire
Will you please retire?  #termlimits
Retire or die its time for one or the other please for the love of god from a fellow vet...  go away
Wish u the best in your treatment even though u are a RepublicanI can admire your willingness to work across party lines as it should be
Amazing that idiots still think you are a Republican
One question:  you campaigned on repealing #Obamacare, received contributions because of your claim.  So why the dramatic NO?  #Fraud #Liar
Why are you so against Pres.Trump?
You are a traitor to the middleclass. We will now put Obamacare on your tombstone. Here lies the man who saved it. #Songbird
Well done for trying to bring the correct process back to Washington.
I'm sorry I missed this. Thank you for your courage and leadership. Prayers for you and your family.
RETIRE.
My questions 1-WHEN ARE YOU GONE? your TREASONOUS attitude is A SHAME! 2- Is ovomit insurance your plan? BE GONE TRAITOR PARASITE!
John you need to go ahead and retire. Worry about your health and let the Pros run the Country
Arizona #ImpeachMcCain for Dereliction of Duty, mental incapacity, his tumor is affecting his decisions, He's a Detriment to America!
When are you retiring?
Hi I'm John McCain - for my healthcare I use private ins. 
You veterans should use the broken VA and America you use Obamacare..I'm exempt
Question...why did you betray the Republican party and go back on your word of repealing ACA when you got reelected in that you would..lier
McCain chastised Trump: "You gotta do what you say you're gonna do." Yet HE DIDN'T DO WHAT HE PROMISED ON OBAMACARE!
My questions: why were you pardoned? Why is it sealed? Why are you a flip flipper? How much Soros paid U ? When is ur last day in politics?
I'm no Republican, but thanks all' the same, Mr. McCain
When are you going to retire and shut up
Retire do all a favor
Are you feeling well,l hope.
McCain continues to commit treason to bring down our country. Russia placed sanctions on McCain so he couldn't visit anymore. BooHoo.
Apparently you're drawing some heat
Sen McCain,you're a Republican, please act like one & start working with the President & not against him.Do it for us & protect your legacy!
Good health and many more sensible votes.
GOP has majority, & @potus @realDonaldTrump is ready to go-do what you were elected to do, or switch parties (or retire).

Why are you the biggest traitor in the Republican Party
If history & the people are on the side of #Trump, is sabotaging @POTUS worth the utter/permanent destruction of the Republican Party?
go focus on your health. and family if you have any that care
I'm glad you were not elected president although I was fooled into voting for you. I since have learned your true character and disloyalty.
SEDITIONIST
Yea so when are you retiring? Soon I hope I think you would be needed much more at home than at the office.
You are destroying our country with your hatred of Trump! Mean spirited! One of this crazy's target in AZ. Serious stuff, support the Pres!
You are a liar.....republicans are in power and you are buddying up with Schumer 
WTF John
You're going to tell Trump, how to handle North Korea back off

Wow I see you were asked easy questions hope you read the comments . You're not the President stop trying to act like it sorry I voted for u
Retire ...you suck
Are you aware that your hatred for @realDonaldTrump is bigger than your concern for We The People?
McCain desperately trying to cover up his corruption. Bulgaria RATlines, Syria/ISIS, Soros. God has caught up w him.
Join me now on Facebook where I'm answering your questions live. Be sure to ask your questions in the comments: https://www.facebook.com/johnmccain/videos/10155656588438707/ …
John McCain he is corrupt
I don't even need to know the context of this to agree with it.
Please retire.
I would love to know how any Arizonan could have an ounce of respect for u. U knew this was your last term so u had no problem lying to win
In 2010, u were reelected in repeal & replace. When u were destroyed by Obama he humiliated u on National TV. He made u look weak!
Then in 2016 u lied again to get reelected but u don't care, u know this is your last term. u talk as if u want to go to war w Russia
So now Trump does NOTHINg wrong in being tough on N Korea but that talk is dangerous oh my oh no. It disgraceful how u disrespect our Pres
So when u pass away people will hail u as the patriot, a hero. they should also say u r a bitter man, never trumper, who killed HC
You and McConnel need to fade away. People are weary of old dogs like u two. Just resign, let new blood in that supports the agenda
U r America s number 1 joke. Leave old timer.
You are Soros pupet. Not for America and not for the people of Arizona.   Retire you hate America.
Damn I missed the opportunity to tell u off u disrespectful rhino how's soros doing u puppet
When will you feel you've done enough damage to the Trump presidency to retire?
A servant of the people?  Not hardly.
Facebook is the perfect"tool" for you
We wouldn't join you if you were at Burger King buying lunch.  Traitor!
Also Senator, how would you justify your willful violation of Articles IV and V of the US Military Code of Conduct when you were a POW?
Senator, can you tell us what kind of feces was used to replace your brain recently?  Was it human excrement, or dog excrement?
When are you retiring!! Please do everyone a favor!
It's time to support our party and our POTUS!! His rhetoric isn't dangerous...It is true! You all campaigned on R&R Obamacare - #DoYourJob
I just want to know why you feel you have to say anything but when you are going to retire it couldn't be soon enough
When will u resign?
Are you really a closeted democrat???
Hey John -WTH WERE YOU THINKING -OR WERE YOU EVEN THINKING AT ALL?!?!
You have out stayed your welcome, broke your promises to your supporters,  and turned traitor to your political party and country! Shame!
Why did you betray us like the traitor you are? You have great insurance and leave the American people with horrible Obamacare! Resign!
WHY would you stop the process of repeal dead in its tracks. EVERYONE has changed their opinion of you now and not for the better. #RINO
Repeal and replace/tax cuts
Forget Facebook! Address it right here ... why the hell did you not vote to fully repeal ACA??? #RINO #VoteMcCainOut
Why are you an Anti-American self admitted Globalist?
You need to retire.
I turn my back to you - you have forgotten your oath.
Fix the medical first then I will talk with you.
I have no respect for you
I wish you'd just stop talking. So embarrassed by you & Flake, especially you!
The senator. Please continue standing strong to save our healthcare. THIS shows us the hero you are.
Is your resignation imminent?  Let's hope!
We don't care to hear your traitor words anymore!!!!!!
My question:
What the he'll happened to you?
Your daughter serves a greater purpose caring for you than appearing on Fox hope you enjoy her company for a long time.
McCAIN: I only care to hear you address ONE thing. When is your retirement announcement?
John, when will you retire?
Why dont you drop the meaningless dribble and get your ass to work.  Can we taxpayers sue you for wasting tax dollars on your salary?
When are you handing the American people your letter of resignation? We. Are. Waiting.
John, you are NO hero.  You're a puppet now.  I doubt you know it, but that's exactly what you are.
My only question for John McCain is.... when are you going to stop SCREWING the American people?
Here's for you? Why aren't you taking a dirt nap yet?
Your rethoric&your loosing Partner Graham has been the same for 20 yrs the results is where we are today with Noko,u need to step aside
No thanks I would just ask why you are so bitter? was it the comment made during the election or the fact that you lost to obama
STOP UNDERMINING &DISRESPECTING OUR PRES..THE REASON N.KOREA HAS NUKES IS BECAUSE OF THE WIMP OBAMA.WE HAVE A STRONG LEADER NOW!
Thank you may for this comment
Shut up and go away! You are acting like a selfish baby! Out of touch! Retire already!
When are you retiring? #TermLimits because you elitist politicians only care about yourselves.
you have devastated millions of Americans with your support of Obamacare you are an embarrassment
How does it feel to be the jerk to stop the repeal of Ocare. Voters spoke but you don't care about America. Keep taking Soros money, traitor
