Stealing form the poor again, to feed the Rich Pentagon Generals. Shame on you and your 1 tril , F35 waste.
the poor don't pay taxes. You can't steal from them.
You sir, obviously have no clue about it.
McCain is whipping up RU hysteria to ripoff working poor and middle class off! Shame!
Right.  I've been to Ukraine. I was there during the annexation.  Its not hysteria.
I hate saying I told you so, but I told you so. Let the war games begin, AGAIN.  "Make War Great Again."
Soon 
Been hitting the vodka again, haven't you?
Sure
And I bet you are tweeting from the Banya
Да,of course.With such a brains as you have you could have much more followers.
Its not a goal of mine.
yo are a R I N O
THE MONEY WE SAVE FROM GIVING TO FOREIGN GOV ANDPEOPLE SHOULD COVER..I SERIOUSLY THINK YOU SHOULD BE SWITCHED TO DEM
lets us rebuild our infrastructure first and creat good paying jobs
- we've suddenly got money for that, but can't help our people with healthcare?? What effed up priorities.
so true,
Stop being destructive and start being constructive peace through education and health not military.
How much food and education could that buy?
None if you can't defend yourself.
please stand up for what your gut is telling you !!!
Isn't his gut full of shrapnel?
You could propose a bill that would improve education in this country with that money. Or fix healthcare. Just a thought.
If you need that much money how much is waste Love to see that spreadsheet.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLiI7lv1S08 …
Senile old man!
Senator, as a Public servant, please tell us how you represent the Republican agenda. We just don't see it....
@talkinrock
So, are you an absolute, mouth-slobbering warmonger or just a cynical whore for the military-industrial complex? Both, maybe?
How much. does take How about u ask these people lower the prize or we get. Another seller
that's crazy amount of money considering the military there only get used offensively and you call it defence budget
news reporting Lockheed work with Trump lower cost on F35 jet fighter in production Senator 7 yrs money lost no jet?
I like your goal just no tax reductions for top earners we must move to a #balanced budget

@DeptofDefense Budget is quite large. Please focus on saving #ACA #Obamacare More will die from illness than war.
@washingtonpost @KTAR923 Should consider dollar for dollar increases for defense and education/training/retraining. Invest US
Why?
best care possible
Instead of increasing military expending how about taking care of our vets with that money. Ensuring they have the
of course / he needs a retirement plan. RINO
we absolutely must have a strong defense bar none!!
can we squeeze that out of the Social Security Trust fund if we raise the retirement age to 80?
it's hard to take you seriously when you're not standing up to Trump.
why waste time?  Trumps going to get himself impeached by May 25th.
crazy is all I can say!
Must be getting a great bonus from the arms industry.
... well then, it's time to start requiring the corporations to pay taxes on their profits.
Hey that's some great fiscal responsibility there!
I would suggest you also require better use of the money given. And more secure development of the technology.
I Thought You Were A Stand Up Guy But You Make Me Sick. Stealing American Land & Selling It To Foreigners?!  Wth?!
,Why Don't YOU Pay For It With The $ You Made Sneaking THE SALE OF APACHE LAND To A Foreign Mining Co In A Defense Fund Bill?
We need a voice on the hill and we are eternally grateful that this voice is yours. A nation needs patriots like you
just what the largest military on earth needs, to get bigger.
#stupid
Uhhh.... You think we have the largest military on earth?
GOP spends vast US budget on Defense & Foreign Aid.  Hell wit Domestic; let em fend for themselves.
I'm a US Army intel officer who serves his country on four continents & in two wars.Please Keep fighting the fight!
AMERICA IS UNDER SIEGE DUE TO LIES and we are in *EMERGENCY* decline as our culture deteriorates.  USA IQ is dropping!
It is IMMORAL to lie.  We must stop lying and ignoring the important gene & IQ  differences between Europeans and third world
Great this will make America strong and protect it from the low IQ Mexican hoards being sent over border without our CONSENT!
#AZ @SenJohnMcCain =TreasonousPuppet4 #ISIS SunniWarlords @kingsalman @MBZNews ! @Arizona @ASU @IRIglobal @msnbc @McCainInstitute
where will the money come from to pay for that?
We spend the most of any country in the word on military. Y not spend smarter? Y not stop starting wars? #WarMongers
do we have the money?
where's the money coming from?  How donyou find this money but no money for schools, healthcare, SNAP, CHIP?
Why? Four more wars? Why don't we spend less on defense and do the spending more intelligently. Cut some stuff out.
Good thing people won't have healthcare...you can pull money from the dying to send more soldiers to die.
Its sad this is necessary. BUT we live surrounded by evil PPL running Nations. So building R defense up is necessary
I know there R PPL like B.Sanders who R oblivious 2 this fact & think we shud abandon defense $ 4 free socialist $
NO .
-war can't be like communist planeconomy decided. 
Besides, Trump knows, you can't afford wild goose spendings.
With whar money??
INVESTIGATE TRUMP RUSSIA NOW. #TREASON #TRUMPLEAKS #PUTINSPUPPET #MOBMONEY
Really? On top of the amounts already spent?
Let him spend his own money, and that of those who agree with him. We've more than enough to protect ourselves
But we can't afford healthcare for every American? This new math is crazy hard. #CommonCore
war monger
How does this contribute?
mccain is in it for the money! not for America!
