
No one cares. You have your revenge. Now, go away.
I wouldn't watch you with an AK pointed at me.  Your a criminal.
Not sure I would want to ask him ANY questions...

Where is the next war you're going to push for John? Syria? Chechnya? Ukraine? N. Korea? You're overdue.
Wow!  You communicate with your constituents?  Must be nice - can you tell your colleague Rubio to do that?
America's HERO forever!! 
No
Saved MILLIONS of lives...  He knows, WE KNOW and that's all that matters!! He will ALWAYS be SAINT MCCAIN.. Many prayers dedicated 
Saint McCain! Get some help!!
History is going to look back on him kindly   as for the rest of the GOP.. not so much. You'll see, it was the RIGHT thing to do right now!
By the way,  you look angry in your picture! You libs are the most miserable people!
LOL.. *ouch* 

Not interested in anything you have to say
@SenJohnMcCainand@azcentral.ThankYou for yr courageous vote saving us from our leaders,leading us to disaster by w/a plan that didn't exist
You are a traitor to ur State and Party.
HOPEFULLY WITH THE ANGER AND POISON YOU HAVE IN YOUR BODY, CHEMO WONT WORK.
Are you going to announce you conversion to the Democrat party?
Nope. Zero votes coming your way. I lost all respect.
Resign, you old fool
"Democrat" John McCain is not worried about YOUR healthcare because he has a different provider. He is more worried about immigration.
I can't stand looking at you. What evil does to your face.
Lol
RhinoJohn, the only question I have is who is going to replace you? This Repub Vet is just curious. Broken promises don't cut it. #MAGA
John McCain is rotten to the core
Why are you still alive @SenJohnMcCain
I have one for you. Why are you not on Obamacare?
Traitor!
Liar.
We all wish you well, Johnny. Just don't forget the little people that shine your $500 dollar shoes while you're sitting in your mansion.
You need to retire you're not doing anything for the people you're doing it for yourself
Retire "hero."
No way would I listen to your bull! Traitor

I am disappointed with how you handled the repeal of Obamacare I am not sure if you have memory issues or is you are just corrupt.
THE GREATEST MAN!, A COURAGEOUS STRONG HUSBAND,DADDY, AND A VERY SPECIAL MAN.
Sir you are a sick old man !
This man it's an evil liberal only looking out for himself!!!
Do you have lunch with George Soros weekly ?
Az citizens are Recalling you songbird
You lost my respect when you pranced in and voted "no" on our healthcare. Your hate for @POTUS is stronger than your love for the USA!  Sad!

Ignore the whiners. Follow your conscience.
- a fellow veteran. Thank you for your service..
Let him get his medical care from the VA
Get well soon, sir
Yes.  No. Yes. No. Yes. No no no retire .  Cowardly. Vote.
This veteran thanks you for your service.  But you are now a traitor to America.  Just shameful.

Why?
TRAITOR
Please retire, or just join the Democratic Party since you favor Obama care
What's with the new photo? Not getting any sympathy from me. We all know the story, step up, do your job, or step aside.
You are the last person I want to see except saying good by
?????????? Really
HOW MUCH DID HE GIVE TO YOUR FOUNDATION ? ONCE A TRAITOR ALWAYS A TRAITOR AND A PARASITE .
You are a TRAITOR!
Nobody cares about your stupid Facebook q&a.
U let us down care for us not your hate for Trump
Let me ask American People === is @SenJohnMcCain a Rep. Or Dem ?    BYE McCain, has.
U going to sit there and continue your lying ways I hope you get your ass chewed out and everyone sees u are a TRAITOR 
I wouldve asked you why youre a traitor?
U and other rep. DID NTHING WHN OBAMA KNEW RUSSIANS/CHINA wre hacking long b4 the election! And hve dne NTHING ABT HILLARYS COLLUSION!!
I have a question why is this thorn still in our conservative side? Just go back over to the darkside with Franken, Boxer,Schumer.ect.bye! 
Sell out, deep state traitor. Aka.... The DEMOCRAT in red clothing.
Here's a question did you have anything to do with the fake Russia dossier
Yes he did. He gave it to Comey
Obstructionist!!! Getting pd by Soros!!
I rather watch elephant fart!!!
Do you think Kremlin helped released those phone conversations today?  https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/politics/australia-mexico-transcripts/?tid=ss_tw …..
Note NO Putin coversation transcipt... ?!?
@StevenMWolfe3 why should we tune in just to watch you bash the POTUS. Your pettiness      is disgusting.
please retire and take care of your health! Time with family more important!
No thank you leave President Trump , alone
you suck @MeghanMcCain
Time for nursing home.
You need to go!
...why are you funding terrorists in Syria?
Talk is cheap, real action in Congress is a lot harder to come by. We keep paying while you all keep spending. Still nothing gets corrected.
Thank you for your service! You are a hero forever!
McCain- Is it true you been arrested for possesion of Heroin @SenJohnMcCain
No chance! Your NO vote was the LAST THING I'll ever let you say to me! I can't STAND LYING TRAITORS!
No thank you, I have more important things to watch. The Smurfs!
You are a huge disappointment!!
Senator, what most of the tweets here are trying to convey is THANK YOU!  I'm sure  the character limit is what's obscuring their sentiments
You've gone off the deep end John, time to come back
Honestly, I'd be heading to a specialist to check to see if something went wrong with that lobotomy. Seems it was a Republicanectomy.
I really don't believe anyone much cares for you.
Are you announcing your retirement?
mass murderer pretending to be human
The hell with you traitor.
Notice how Lindsay graham didn't vote with McCain on Hcare. They vote everything together. Only needed 1 vote. Paid for by George Soros
I would rather shove toothpicks in my eyes traitor
Rest..eat good food do what your wife says. Or I'll be sending @MichelleObama over there with basket of vegetables to help your wife .
Won't watch, listen again, you Sir are a liar
Кукушка уже откукарекала!
Падаль, сдохни!
"Live Facebook Q&A" to explain my cowardice and traitorous activities
Step down, RINO. No one here is fooled by your act anymore. Don't want to hear a single thing you have to say ever again.#MAGA #RetireMcCain
McCain is a worthless COWARD.
Are you going to talk about 134 dead Navy men on July 29th 1967? Are you going to tell us who's fault it was? obamacare sell-out.
I hear McCain has no b@@ls.
McCain was too old 10 years ago. Even if he gets run over by a bus it will mean he died of natural causes, because he couldn't get out out.
Hey McCain, are you gonna pledge Democrat now? Because you are not supporting Republicans like you're supporters asked for!" 
Arizona Gov Doug Ducey: Recall Arizona Senator John McCain https://www.change.org/p/arizona-gov-doug-ducey-recall-arizona-senator-john-mccain?recruiter=751480189&utm_campaign=signature_receipt&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=share_petition … via @Change
Is he going to feed us more lies? Most likely
People in Arizona must demonstrate against this coward McCain For burdening them with Obamacare.
NO JM! Russians nor Chinese influenced blue collar voters in FL,NC,WI,MI,IA,IN, OH or PA in '16!Stop getting influenced by Soros & Schumer!
McCain is a coward, who got captured. Only cowards get captured. We wanted a guy who got away.
Thank you for the invite.  I choose not to use Facebook. Hope you consider choosing other outlets to communicate information and POV.
We know his POV, it democratic!
McCain is a coward, who got captured. Stupid coward. Prisons are full of people who got captured.
Stay out of President's business, KAMIKAZE JOHN!
You got the pos right!! That stands for piece of sh*t

Aren't you a little old for Snapchat?
So how's your fellow Democrat Chuck Schumer doing John. The people want the SWAMP AZ needs to do the right thing for America RECALL you.
Is the stories true about you and your live in the military? What about the one of your first wife? You know what stories I'm talking about.
Thank you for voting NO on the AHCA. We pray all goes well with your treatment. This veteran knows how much you earned in Viet Nam.
Please push for Universal Health. American people deserve the same healthcare that 58 other nations have. Maybe they don't have LOBBYISTS.
You sir are a traitor to the American people! Remember when you campaigned on total repeal of Obamacare? If you happen to forget, you did!
You mean listen to his lies and B.S.1st
Going to resend obsmacare exemption. Or keep it hypocrite
DEAD RINO
You and Senator Lindsey Graham is failing America.  I suggest you change your ways. Many of Your people voted for @realDonaldTrump
Can't stand McCain.  Just saying, sentencing his supporters to death may be a little harsh.
What about this guy?
I am sorry to have to wake up
And hear your family has to suffer
With your suffering one more
Day I will pray there suffering
Ends soon
A question: when you gonna go to Idlib so your beloved moderate beheaders can cure you?
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO RESIGN
Magic hr, Maverick hr 
You do realize that you would be considered a geriatric patient and people your age do not have cognitive thinking skills.
Basking in the praise of liberals for saving a dead healthcare system no thanks I'll pass
sir I don't have a Facebook account, but love to interact with u sir
Take his nuts outta your mouth first.
I have one question when are you gonna retire and stop screwing up the Republican Party and the people
Like I said yesterday watching paint to dry is more interesting then to listen to this traitor
Why? So we can listen to you spout your Democratic agenda??!!
Nope 
Triple waste the time
Waste of time
Why waste your time on here then?
I thought he was taking a medical leave? instead he's on a press tour on our tax dollars. unreal!
Never saw a free meal he wouldn't take.. Az. Wake up. 20 yr Az resident.
No, he screwed America too!
