So what happens when they find out the Russians have hacked the guidance systems on our naval vessels?
Not the guidance systems of missiles but for the dam boat
They are looking into it now.
This is the million dollar question. Pushing it to the edge with their lackey in office.
We haven't had our warships collide with civilian vessels for 20 years and now it has occurred 4 times in 7 months? That is not coincidence.
Have you been on the navy Terry? I have what you are suggesting is ludicrous
Course corrections take large distances and time for vessels of this size and are computed well in advance. These are not  bass boats.
That's not true ships are operated by people not computers. Again. Where do younger these facts?
John, You are not relevant anymore so please stop annoying us with your opinions!
Charles is a troll with zero followers who has zero respect or decency.

God bless you 
Senator McCain
Not in this world OUR GOD knows everything!!

John McCain will always be relevant. Especially when dealing with our military. He is an American hero even  if Trump doesn't think so.
American assholes know each other, brother!
Hope to see you in AZ tonight with President Trump.
Don't bet on it, He's a trump hater!
How are you feeling Senator McCain? Hope you are good and strong. The country needs you. I know you have a part in saving country.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain. You are a true patriot. God bless you!
this "accident", after the strongest senator's words against Muscovy, and right before his birthday, smells right like Kremlin's cyberattack
We support you 100% Miss Meghan..God bless you and your family and send his Angels to protect you
Imho you should send a personal letter to every grieving family, Senator. It may mean a lot to them to see you paying respect to the sailors
The words of an American patriot- a real hero. Thank you Sen. McCain.
check to see what he did when he was a POW giving secrets to the Viet Cong for better treatment.  SongBird Mccain, pardoned by Nixon
John McCain could have come home earlier but refused to leave his mates.
It gets no more heroic than that.
God damn people like you Maggie.
Thank you Barry - well said!

Ils ont accompli leur devoir Que Dieu bénisse leur famille ainsi que l Amérique
Thank you .Senator McCain for being a great hero and role model for our country.
Ditto
Thank you Senator McCain, you really care about us.

My Angels are at rest, in the heart of his hands
Thanks John. You're the man. Don't listen to the negative people, just remember you touched many hearts.  Be well.
Did you send your condolences to the people you killed on that Carrier
I'm Senator John McCain and George Soros approved this message.
You are making light of the deaths of US sailors? Unfollow me.
I didn't make a jest of any of my brothers that served it was directed at a contemporary that served when I did that you know nothing about
U let the average American down. U ran on fixing ACA.
Instead u voted NO! U left All  PPL to suffer while you get the best service.
Trump card is holding the subsidy funds hostage. That's why premiums are rising. Uncertainty in the market.
Thank you. You are a class act.
class act that wouldn't vote to Repeal and Replace Obamacare, and he's getting the best medical coverage of all.  He is a traitor, VietNam
May you RIP with them soon! I wonder what's in store for John McCain? In Traitors Hell
TRAITOR!!!
Ah sweet.  Will you and Cindy we sending flowers
The shows what kind of person you are, thinking of others while fighting your own battle.that it is this ship must really hurt 
So sad that it probably brings back memories of the Forrestal tragedy. 
It's all so not fair. And those boys so young.
Please retire now.
Why should he retire.
This is what a real leader does.  Thank you sir.
@RSwiftMcCain / @AmericanLegion calls on #Congress to investigate Israel attack on #USSLiberty: http://usslibertyveterans.org/files/USS%20Liberty%20Reaolution%20Passed%20by%20AL.mp4 … #Navy
@USNavy Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty cover-up on #MemorialDay:
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty & #Media Accomplices https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #Navy
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain refuses to investigate #USSLiberty attack http://www.military.com/daily-news/2013/06/07/liberty-survivors-invoke-benghazi.html … #navy #usnavy
Even @CindyMcCain OK with deliberate #USSLiberty attack http://america-hijacked.com/2011/10/04/cindy-mccain-on-the-uss-liberty-coverup-i-dont-care-about-this-issue/ … #USNavy
John #McCain: War Hero or Something Less?: http://america-hijacked.com/2013/05/30/john-mccain-war-hero-or-something-less-by-philip-giraldi/ … #USNavy
You're a class act, @SenJohnMcCain. I wish you a full recovery. Your country needs you now more than ever, sir.
Those lives were not lost...they were taken.
Thank you Senator and may God bless you sir. This country sorely needs leadership at this difficult time.

Your war hero card hit it's limit 20 years ago. Just go away John. Please
Not one word from @realDonaldTrump but ur father has ethics 2remember those who gave their lives 2serve us no matter what he endures=Hero
As a liberal I thank you for your service to our country and your political courage. I pray for your good health.
they should remove all the troops then sink the ship, its name is a disgrace to America traitor
Love repeating this one don't you? I wonder why?
Our President didnt even mention them in his recent speeches. He is only thinking of himself and his crowd size.
I take this opportunity to wish you well in your dire diagnosis! I hope u enjoy good health to the very end!
Thank you sir. From a hardcore liberal to you, a great Am hero. Thank u 4 yr serv, honor & moral compus. May god bless u, sir!
I hope for you, that you think back what you have done to so many people
We are with you, such a tradgedy. Thank you for saying it
One veteran to another, I salute you. Contrary to what @potus said, you are a patriot. I add my condolences to my Navy brothers' families.
God be with you sir
Cancer Sucks Period!!! I hope your Father recovers and does well. Maybe he should go to the VA! HE NEEDS TO RETIRE !!!!
We pray for the families of those brave ones who were lost at sea. @VP
Oh such a tragedy! Love & prayers to families of our soldiers lost in USS John McCain.Dear Lord the pain of losing someone unexpectedly hard
The country thought DT was qualified?  He can't hold a candle to you.
mccain should have been president in 2000. more preferred him than gore or bush then. shitty two party system and FPTP voting sucks
Thank you Senator for your many selfless services and sacrifices for our nation. It's clear you give your utmost.
Thank you for remembering our soldiers who were lost. Bless them,  you and your family.
I hope you both go away. @OutnumberedFNC better without you and your RINO father
I might be a Democrat, but I think you are one of our Greatest Americans, period, thank you for your service to this Great Country.

#JOHN U ARE A MAN AMONGST MEN STAY STRONG FRIEND,WARRIOR, HERO
Continued prayers for you Senator!!! You got this!
WHY don't you retire? Time is precious at your age. R do you want to go down like Senate Byrd? A corpse at the end with his staffers voting?
Agreed Senator.
Thanks John
Senator McCain: I'm grateful for your service and patriotism. Please read & help the Senate see Russian aggression: https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/483426/ …
Sending good thoughts your way.
Take care of your health. There are others to carry the torch.
This Dem loves & respects you immensely, sir. Chemo's got nothing on you! Try new TV show/music, or audio book during chemo. Focus there. 
Me too, senator. And prayers to you as you battle this medical. 
My apologies to you & your family for the atrocious @potus encouraging people to chant horrible things abt you. Breaks my heart.
Thank you for being more of a leader then our president! You are a true patriot. Keep fighting!
Incompetence is synonymous with your name
Ship accident was a result of poor training due to cuts that Obama made to the training program. Where were you when these cuts were made?
John McCain is no American hero. He is a traitor and would still be in prison if Nixon hadn't pardoned him.
God bless you Senator McCain. My thoughts & prayers are also with the families.
Thank you Sen. I'm sorry our pos potus did not wish you well last night while he was on his demented pity party!! Get well soon. We need u
Way to go John.. a Nation became weaker as our President played the victim...Sad RIP Shipmates
And we extend our deepest sympathies to you that this president is a king daddy ass who doesn't deserve to work with you.
Thank you for remembering our brave sailors, especially as you're facing your own battles.
Another swing and a miss Maggie. Don't let the door of this tweet feed hit you in the ass. He could be your dad. Deplorables No Compassion.
I have no respect for anyone who walks the walk and talks the talk of Trump.
Bye bye Charles. Blocked. See? So simple. All on the keyboard.
Get well soon!
Senator McCain, I wish you the very best in your medical treatments.
What about the three hundred men on the USS FORESTALL? Did you say prayers for them and there families?
Prayers to the Sailors. 
thinking of you and your lovely family - may all blessings be yours from the Hogue Fam in SC
and to all our wonderful vets who deserve our praise and respect. we are saddened by this great loss
Thank you for your continued tact and class!  I wish you the nest as well!
You, sir, know how to be presidential.  I know God is with you.
I posted a description of your defense of your Dad. It was to members of a nonprofit  for Fatherhood issues.  Your stance got good reviews
We are with you all the way
Sen McCain I don't agree w ur politics but u r a true statesmen!...a class act!
Mr McCain, get well soon so you can get rid of that nutjob in the WH! Thx
Get well sir! 
What exemplary looks like.  Keep fighting!
We appreciate you and your family, Sen. McCain. Keep on keeping on.
Proper condolences that haven't come from the office of the POTUS yet.
Thank you, Senator McCain. You are an honorable man.
You misspelled horrible.
Lol, I kinda like the guy. He's not on my side of politics, but he's worked with Dems on issues that are important to me.
That's because John McCain is really a #democrat 
...but that's his fault, not yours...at least you don't claim to be something you are not.
We need to work together for better. The constant intolerance is making our government ineffective. I admire him for standing up.
I respect your opinion, though I disagree with it.  I believe McCain only stood up to receive his kickback. I think the only way to truly-
Thinking of you and your family.....  <3
I pray for all of the Family's & also to find out what has happen in the sea
Four collisions is such a short time is suspicious. Has system beenhacked
Russian are always nice girls to me, always, and I turn to God Allah to pray to help all of us to be better family
Pray to see them back again
Always a statesman. Thank you Senator McCain.
How about condolences YOU @GOP give the #veterans #UniversalHealthcare than u lazy-#government officials have? Enough of the BS.
Peace be with you and your family...keep up the good fight!
You are a hero mr McCain. Your president is a zero. Thank you. Speedy recovery
Get well, Senator McCain !  We love you !!  (  and I'm a Democrat  :-)  )
Thank you for your service to our country, Sen McCain.   You're one in a million.
You are the best Senator! And human being!
Do u think hackers could have been responsible?
Thank you senator, it's good somebody in Washington has sense.
Your a traitor to America, and you want to pray over our military
Time for u to go sir #1voteMcCain . Thank u for your service!! Now get out, u need a safe recovery sir.
Thank you for speaking  this. And as soon as it happened.
Our s go out to the loved ones of those who died serving their country.
Well said Senator, and thank you for your service.
Hope you are feeling better Senator McCain.
As usual, this John McCain says nothing worthwhile. Does he support the firing of the 7th fleet commander for deriliction of duty? Uhhh...
Very sad! My deepest sympathy 
Thank you for your courageous service to our country on all fronts!! Praying for you
From a dedicated democrat who disagrees with you - wishing you speedy recovery and good health.  Thanks for your service.
We love you Sen McCain. Love a manly man, A man of convictions
IS THIS AN OMEN?
Trump during Poor Me speech 0 on are fallen shipmates
Get well Sir our Country needs men like you
Fitting that John McCain caused sailors to tragically lose their lives. Again. #wetstart
Thank you @potus can't even say that!! You are in our thoughts
Thank u 4 saying what we all r feeling. I & everyone I know wish u great peace, comfort, & solace during ur healing. Get well quickly, sir.
Very sad for our country, your words are healing to our nation.
Impeachment
As usual, you & your family are thoughtful & caring
John McCain is a hero not a draft dodger and rasist like temporarily president trump
When will this "president" show some sympathy?  Time to impeach, John...
I love Mr McCain he is a ture person to this world and our country he does not let Trump get away with all the bull that he puts out
Thank god u don't have Obamacare but force it on us. thanks John for lying to us. U even ran on it. Please retire and leave us alone MAGA
That crazy bastard is in YOUR state now John. Spewing his vitriolic racist hate. Stand up WITH YOUR citizens John. THEY walked out on him!
Your Pops and Grand Dad would be proud of how you stood up for the family name.  And the sailors on the destroyer warship. 
How much money has your dad taken from soros?
God bless you and your family John McCain. Please watch your wife being near Donald Trump.
And we stand with you on this shoulder to shoulder.
Thank you for acting like the statesman I know you are - unlike other public office holder #45
May those service men and women RIP#AJ
retire John, please.
When will anyone give condolence to the dying democracy in America created by Trump & GOP???
Thank you for always caring.
How come your president hasn't uttered a word about this tragedy? Has he expressed anything to you about your treatments? Crickets....
Liar. You let your vindictiveness and pettiness stop the @GOP from getting Obamacare repealed and replaced. You are a traitor.
Class act
It is best if u just sit down and shut up.  I couldn't win the Presidency you backed the dems took money from Soros and u want to be noticed
Please resign ASAP
If you really want to extend condolences try giving back all the money you helped your buddy Keating steal from hard working Americans.
We are praying for you John .  I'm a democrat but think you do the right thing and you make me proud of our country
You're a class act senator.  Get well soon.
Maybe we need to open investigation to see if @SenJohnMcCain had anything to do with the ship being wrecked like he did fake Russian dossia!
This is how it's done @realDonaldTrump
I to feel sorrow for the familys that lost love ones & lost them on a Destroyer named after a Fake War Hero Keating 5 Sens Dad & Grandfather
God bless you Senator McCain, I usually disagree with your politics however you are a real live hero & we love you for that. Quick recovery!
Sen. McCain, we extend our deepest apologies for how Trump & supporters disrespected you last night. You are an American hero .
@MeghanMcCain God bless them and their families
Very nice words, perhaps you might retweet them to the President so he could quote them.
@MeghanMcCain Thanks for all your help on Obamacare jerk!
Glad to see you have "gold standard" coverage. Must be fucking nice
"Returning a diploma is good, lets give more out too. " https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/returning-diploma-good-lets-give-more-out-too-raymond-swyers … by @swyersauberon on @LinkedIn
"Little slow there. You should have been faster to comment."  (As you might have said to Trump about Charlottesville.)
It's a shame their Commander-in-Chief couldn't say anything about these lost souls last night.
Didn't hear Trump mention them last night, sad!!
#RINO #Loser
Notice how each praise of McCain is a Lib?
You sir are a true gentleman. Please get well soon. Our country needs your wisdom.
Please impeach trump. He is unfit for the sacred office he holds.
Way to go Dr Kelli Ward! Arizona whether your Democrat or Republican or Independent vote for Kelli Ward

Thank you for this.
HE that troubleth his own house will inherit he wind!
Remove trump...PLEASE!!! We need your help
Time to extend your resources. Timing of Russian GPS hack isn't a coincidence.

http://www.csoonline.com/article/3218724/security/navy-considering-possibility-of-cyberattack-after-another-ship-collision.html … 

IDG is legit....no?
God bless you and God speed; we need you
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, for being the decent, honest, and noble man who voted down a deadly healthcare bill. Praying for you and family.
Mccain- Trump is dividing the country and even your party- he is sick and unfit for office- you and leaders must get him out
What's it like to spend your entire career as a republican - only to look back and see that only democrats support you. Great legacy.
Kick cancer's ass sir.
My heart goes out to those lost and their families. I am so sorry for their loss. Please investigate. You can get it done.
