be a hero. Get trump out. Speak up. Do something. Save USA . .
Actually, Carol, illegal crossing down 60%, small biz's r hiring again/401K's r up/taxes down, if people Wud
hi, yeah, could you also take care of dealing with the security risks in our White House? Thanks!
McCain is involved in leak. He is getting questioned regarding fake news dossier leaks. Good call impeach McCain
Trump colluded with Russia, He lied to American People. A day ago he wanted to hand US Cyber Security to Putin. GET HIM OUT OF THE WH
Do u know what collusion means ? Obviously not . When was Russia the enemy ? Where's this war besides fake news from canary McCain?
Putin /Teump outlines a JOINT cyber security group. Poor war mongers the truth would expose Only enemy of America is Mccains puppet master
Nice a GOP leaker against Trump
Repubs inaction in #TrumpRussia is a slap in the face to our country and democracy, our country faulters, as you have blood on your hands!

Why wont you investigate?.Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump backfire http://politi.co/2jBNetH  via @politico
Who is going to be held accountable for Littoral Ship performance fail??
That's what you're worried about today? You keep acting like the govt is functioning.
How about impeach McCain? Defence waste w/ over seas coups in Ukraine. Syria terrorism support would all end and save billions & lives 2

##retire
Could you stop Draft Dodger Bone Spurs Trump from hurting elderly Vietnam Vets who were courageous enough to serve?
You are responsible.....
Wow! What took so long? Following POTUS lead John? The Man U hate setting an example for u? Showing u what CAN be done? I bet u hate that! 
what you should do is call Sec. of Labor and ask him when is he going to pay FECA OWCP case 500017181 WWII VET Henry Carreon
help the WWII veterans of this Nation, it's a shameful act the manner Dept of Labor FECA Director Antonio Rios treats them
Some of you people must not follow the national news , or ever CSPAN ,,lol
Then you babble about how you need a much deserved recess.  YOU need to retire before you go to jail

All those years in the senate and you still don't know how to control spending and overruns. Shame on you.
To start with you have very little credibility, now with your wife working in the administration you have none. All talk no action.
how about Russia in WH?
You do realize you have a Snapchat icon as your Twitter profile photo, right? You employ someone who knows how social media works, right?
tell the Secretary of Labor that he needs to clean up the house and put honest decent people that can handle claims fair
do something good John McCain
14 years fight ing a battle of attrition trying to get his benefits and only we get illegal denials
Maybe we can combine our country with Russia. Oh wait. Looks like it already has happened
where you men and what.
You need to be reigned in and put to pasture. Your sundowning and confusion is now happening earlier in the day. #Dementia
Congress has important work to do. Priority #1 MUST be clean the sh*t out of our White House. This ADMIN IS THE GREATEST THREAT to America!
Trump saved us $$$ more lies!! Do your job!!
what about Trump treason and #COLLUSION ?!?!! Come on man- use your power for the good of USA!

This isn't politics, it's a grave security issue. Kushner is simply unfit to hold clearance, have anywhere near the sensitive access he does https://twitter.com/TVietor08/status/884800089151070209 …
Y'all need to be canceling everything and getting moving on, at minimum, toss JK from wh, pull sc, fire up impeachment machine.
Ok, John - ARE YOU DAMN WELL KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!?! Comment. on Junior man - we are dreadfully short of principled leaders
I'm still holding out hope you are one....
McCains staff are working overtime today with all the tweets and FB posts. Ugh! If ur a 'Zoni, ya still need to call him AND @JeffFlake
Remember Pres. Ike's warning about the military industrial complex. Our boys going to war & dying to support military industrial ....
... complex. Resulting in Billions in profits to military contractors.  Profit motive to go to war. It's a sick cycle and it must stop.
2/ same available via the internet for as low as $3.89. Where is the other $471 going?!
Obviously @POTUS is not helpful
1/Please look to do the same for over-priced medical goods and services. Recently, hospital billed $475 for incentive spirometer.
Today?There are some  important things going on.first that,then we fix the others before the royal family lets Russia take over
You could pass term limits and let some other people have a chance at running this country because u guys have failed
Stop paying expensive contractors. Privatizing is killing America's budget.
Sure John LOL
Do your damn job or GO AWAY JOHN! You've gotten rich in congress & now talk about saving 
Do you think a Russian sponsored White House will help? Do your job and impeach. Weak words are not fitting with traitors in our midst.
#headInTheSand
Hello John McCain 
You like drink Partvine
Thanks John, i'll sleep better tonight ...
Lack of ur oversight.  Not doing ur job watching  over tax$. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA.
Now start impeachment hearings.
How about this Navy Veteran?
#ITTtech student veteran speaks up to #DefendStudents 
You need to backup your what you say with some action when it comes to the Trump crime family.
#25thAmendmentNow
Accountability is something you need to demand of Trump
Same question to you senator what can be done to hold you accountable
Hey, #dumbass those contractors are following the regs you and #Congress wrote. Look one the mirror to fix instead on lining ur pockets.
Jack Ass
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain . I hope the healthcare and tax issues can be soon addressed as well Realize you all have busy schedules, & thnks.
Time to invoke the 25th if you don't want your career to end like a Snapchat
I dunno maybe stop bombing 7 countries at the same time and perhaps wind down those 15yr+ Iraq & Afghanistan wars..
John you've been a cost overrun for years! For some reason you're still there.
Please ask yourself to RETIRE!
It's simple.  Insert "time is of the essence" clause & insist on performance bond, not just bid bonds.
Stop allowing Trumo to "test" $8billion missiles at a whim would be a good start!!!
hey john!what are you doing about this whole treason thing? you are SO old & can't even run again in 6 years. Surely YOU can stand up forUSA
Senator you and GOP Patriots need Hell must Right the Ship.
I hope this guy is vetted and we have NO MORE RU CONNECTIONS in the USA government.
Yes that's fantastic. Soon as you're done can you please encourage your colleagues to #25thThe45th
You are a true American and a Hero to me and millions of others, sir.
If @GOP does not Impeach YOU ARE COMPLICIT in TREASON
