RINO go Home! POSER. DOES Soros make your checks out to Songbird?
Sir, Review of Afghan hist 2 Alex the Gr. shows it can't B conquered & held. MUST  Change their minds, else we lose.
don't worry he's on it with Mattis- working
good luck.  He's more interested in photo ops than governing. #Investigate #russiagate #Sessions #Flynnghazi #kremlingate
hmm sounds like a democrat to me. He is on Soros payroll so that says a lot.
who is on Soros payroll?
-  John McCain
he's not, he's a real old school conservative republican
.@SenJohnMcCain First you'll have to show him where Afghanistan is on a map. They don't have The Apprentice there.
The USA w trump can't fix ourselves! Without the USA who will care enuf to help us?  Get rid of 45 before we are destroyed.
-so called Mr Pres is too busy whining and accusing our former Pres at the moment.
Its a serious issue within the Black Community. Its early in the developments. Prevent organization of group relationships!
I agree. Senator McCain there is too much fraternization with Afghanistan. Their culture should be irrelevant & disregarded.
@TinaLynnNelson @realDonaldTrump Well???
Security is fine at Maralago.
The Black Muslims must not be allowed to develop ties through contracting firms in Afghanistan. Stop it. Barney Fife style.
let's take care of national security for the United States.  President Bannon and Trump are trashing and dividing America.
the Democrats are doing that all on their own.
I wish someone would form a coalition and put the hammer down on this Russian influence showing up everywhere.
Then quit working against @POTUS . It's time for the @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP to work together for the change we voted for!
see any never trumpers in gang of eight picture! Ah-ha, its all starting to make sense now!
so does the security situation here...
what Teri said. @GOP & @WhiteHouse compromised. We need boots on ground here to defeat enemies of state.
where is Sec of State Tillerson? He disappeared as soon as he was sworn in!
Trump is too busy pointing fingers at Obama and deflecting to care. SAD!
if that is a fact why are you and your bff giving him a hard time instead of backing him. He won already back off.
In the words of the great Barney Fife from the T.V. show Mayberry RFD ”We have to nip it in the bud Andy! Nip it in the bud!"
Maybe ask the head of your party to hire more competent folks, & then maybe listen to them. Just a thought.
McCain.Let me remind you again!YOU are not the president. If yo have concerns about Afg. Go talk to the POTUS. Not on Twitter
POTUS is only in D.C.30 days. Where were you the last 50 years in D.C.? Did you give urgent attention to anything? What is it
Who is in control, why haven't you done something before.  We need Leadership before we commit!
Screw Afghanistan.  Secure the US borders.  Support building the Trump Wall.  Not the globalism you love so much, Songbird.
This should be our overall demeanor because of the Crime & Law Enforcement issue of Black American gang ties being developed
do you think they actually know where Afghanistan is?
Never heard you make this statement when #OBAMA WAS IN OFFICE.
Surprise! Neocon #JohnMcCain wants to pour more money into the military-industrial complex.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS just to be sure, you can't blame someone else when it goes bad. #Afghanistan needs swift intervention
but first restore dignity to Senate. Sessions must go. An oath should actually count esp in Justice Dept
History watching
Tell your President, don't tell us !!  Or do you need a big pat on the back ?
Or put it differently: Ivanka products burned by Islamist's in Kabul! THEN he'll respond right away (twitter and nukes)
Is this the only way to reach POTUS attention? Send your request on FOX, Trump is watching 24/7.
Sure does, but why didn't it require Obama's attention? 894/899
Let's fix America first... #Careerpoliticssuck #sameoldBS #retire
if that is true, Senator, why are u posting it here and not talking to him. YOU REALLY ARE OUT #LEAKER
US security situation re:Russia demands urgent attention of independent investigation. Especially after Sessions perjury.
Who are you to demand anything from our President @realDonaldTrump? unlike you, talking trash overseas, you are not a hero
Pres Trump has too many fires to deal with about his campaign's alleged involvement with Russian's espionage on America.
The corruption in admin. needs URGENT ATTENTION! Sessions is FIFTH Cab. mem. of @POTUS caught lying under oath! DO SOMETHING!
What do you know.....knucklehead..
why not tell #POTUS instead of tweeting?..
retire!
exactly that is what is going on in Afghanistan well understood and good advice
I think it better that he listened to the advice of his generals versus the advice of a 2 faced senator like yourself.
Well you voted for his administration so hope they respond to your request.
the urgent situation in USA  demand the full attention of the house and Senate.  DO SOMETHING! Be patriot! Defend USA, please
How can he focus and make security decisions with all this Russian ties coming out?Conflicts of interest? His propaganda?
they're busy taking orders from Russia.  Don't you care????
what did you stir up while over there, now? We know u r a warmonger.  Let's focus on home 4 a while & not police the world.
i wouldn't count on it
http://www.trumptwitterarchive.com/archive/afghanistan/ftff …
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
if you stayed out of press snd being in the way and undermining the admin things might get done better and quicker
I'm sorry sir they are only concerned with themselves their $ and playing footsies with Russia. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT SENATOR
why don't you pressure your dem buddies to get his cabinet in place while ur throwing dirt at him. POS
good luck with that. He's still campaign ing
Trump is busy counting his money.  He has no time for real responsibility.
YOU need to focus Your attention on writing Your letter of Resignation asap!!!
@POTUS is too busy claiming fake news to do his job. He need to be impeached!
Trump can't focus on Afghanistan, he has to focus in covering up PUTIN's interference in the 2016 US Pres election. @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS
Nope. We are not going to war again McCain. This madness needs to stop.
Where was your call to action by the previous admin? GIVE him his admin so he can get stuff done.
he is busy getting peed on by russian hookers.
Can't rule the world, John.
He doesn't care about that! It's all about him, his buddies, & Putin right now.
I wouldn't trust trump to take care of a dog fight, much less security issues in Afghanistan. He's already gotten 1 killed.
the security situation in Congress and Russia demands urgent attention too
... but won't get it.
we need your #urgent #attention too re. #Trumprussia and its elected #compromat cabinet #please thank you for your time
I guess it is worthwhile to post this on twitter than to address it with the WH. Trying to get political points?
absolutely a war monger! if Americans are less safe today it's because of your Presidents lack of knowledge in Government!
Yes, and Russia's involvement in our country cannot be ignored. There is a Russian coup in America. Do you even care?
Sorry Senator, they are too busy with a cover-up!..
Curiois, does Trump even take calls from Senators?  Do you tak tonhim about this since both GOP?  Why use twitter?
John, I thought you were part of the gov? Cant you tell him in person?
not going to happen. He is still in campaign mode.
I'd love 45's admin to demonstrate sustained attention to anything productive. But they're hampered by their own scandals
You would just try to stop that.
How many Trump Cabinet Members Have to resign Before the GOP Realizes That Trump Is Directly Responsible for Russian Ties?
Ummm...treasonous ...advice from you, is... well...hard to handle.
-YOU, supported 'clinton-isil:s', YOU, took bribes from Saudies. YOU, coworked with Obama's spies.. rt9033,18.
so you go to twitter?  You're an ego manical war monger who is doing everything possible to undermine @POTUS.
before that, we must ensure that AG who perjured himself resigns and is investigated.We want no #RussianPuppets in government
He did not perjure himself.
Trump needs to deal with Nordstroms 1st. Let's get real. Trump is a moron and a Putin puppet.
Retire!
the situation in afghanistan need urgent attention for the 8 years of obama and mccain kept his mouth shut
I'm sure the administration is doing fine without your input. Quit undermining our country.
#trump admin.. is inept.. You Sir.. know it! They can't find their noses.. too far up Russia Ass! #SessionsResignNOW #resist
hold him to the fire John, you are our , republicans, only hope , threaten to vote democrat and take control of the agenda
Putin playbook being followed. Investigate! Sessions out! Demand tax returns!
Putin playbook?  are you that easily manipulated?
but I do give you props for trying to catch his attention on here. smart!
Wish you were President, Senator. Proud of your integrity.
gross!  I think I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Maybe give him a call instead of tweeting? Just an idea.
-McCain, I am sure there are many more ways to resolve issues within our Nation & abroad than by your Pre-Madonna Status Quo.
-I'm pretty sure the President doesn't need you alerting the press or anyone else. I think you have caused enuf trouble.
-Perhaps you should ask President Trump if there is anything you could do to help him.
you republicans must for once place country over party no more games we need a quick impeachment remove his powers now TODAY
unless it's unfolding on twitter, I'm sorry, you can't have his urgent attention.
Too bad he's got a little security issue here. Wish you were interested in the security of our democracy. More empty words.
never found a chance to go to war he did not like.  I think we have done enough
WE THE PEOPLE SHOULD LOOK INTO THE CORRUPT ESTABLISHED DEMOCRATS AND GOPe IN CONGRESS!! WE R SICK OF IT!!
How are they going to do that, when GOP never properly vetted AG who has committed perjury before congress..
then quit putting obstacles in the way.Colluding with the #Dems obvious. #russiagate has no merit/evidence.Who's side u on? 
#russiagate is 100% REAL, just because Fox news chooses not to report on it doesn't make it fake. @SenJohnMcCain
true. Too bad he has made such poor choice about who to surround himself with. Hard to govern in chaos and scandal.
That would also demand that 45 and his admin have a clue as how to lead. Which they don't. And you know it.
I feel like you republicans are trying to find a way around this scandal Ryan, trump sessions flynn BANNON have shamed us all
I'm certainly not ashamed of Sessions or any u named! Hang on Donna, its a distraction. #TraitorMcCain #MAGA
wake up lady and how dare you call a true national hero a traitor go away you need deprogrammed
the spray tans,blaming, and tweets plus the concern for the Trump brand take priority. No focus,no ethics,no accountability
it does but they are to busy dealing with back stabbing republicans & democrats with their own agenda & not Americas agenda
maybe he should disentangle himself and now your party from Russian entanglements in order to do so.
Security in Whitehouse needs urgent attention of the GOP! #trumprussia #treason #DoYourJob
did you discuss this with his Generals?
He has to check with Putin first
I think Trump team Russia ties need immediate attention of Congress.  It's their duty.
Agreed.  Surely @ 230 when the prez speaks, it'll be about that.
#sessions #cleanup #CYA
He doesn't have time John. Putin is calling and @jeffsessions isn't answering. #Putinspuppet
bring our troops home!! Haven't seen any improvement from here..Just heartache
he has to be Impeached and amwerica will not accept pence or ryan, nothing short of impeachment
#POTUS is too busy watching Fox & Friends or Tweeting about Meryl Steep to fuss over inconsequential things like Afghanistan
HES ON AN AIRCRAFT CARRIER
In a second. They're on hold with Russia.
CALL HIM TOMORROW, HE IS GOLFING TODAY.
I agree Senator. Get our brothers and sisters help asap.
