Ah...not sure if I would categorize your time in Intel hearing as "questions".
EPIC waste of taxpayers' money and America's time!! We want healthcare and tax reform!!
Are you buddy buddy with Comey? I hope not! He is a liar, and bad cop! You should put some filter there. You better support POTUS
Please also ask if Comey took notes when Bill Clinton met with Loretta on the tarmac to talk about grandkids
Wrong it IS ALL ABOUT THE CLINTONS
Right; loved that Pres. Comey address - NOT! You did nothing about Obama's Lawlessness over 8 yrs and now you do nothing to help Pres. Trump
Pls do us all a favor and retire.  It's time to #MAGA.  If you won't help then get out of the way, RINOVery tacky comment to the Guardian.
Do you mind if one of your colleagues interrupts and admonishes you? Disappointed. Didn't think u were that sexist.
That was bad, senator McCain. Meandering along in your jalopy. 7 minutes of bumpy road to nowhere
Your question didn't make sense
When are they going to start criminal charges against lynch and Comey, this will also bring obama & Hillary down as well, all criminals
Call me appears to be deceiving person who thinks he's better than you
Questions? You where drunk when you asked this questions?
Some days I pray John slips on banana peel… I’ve forgotten what was good & decent with John… his hatred of Trump is rotting him inside out!
Are you serious!!   The Left truly embodies fascism (and the scariest part, they don’t realize - at least I hope not!)
Johnny Boy ,,, You old senile fart,,,STOP interrupting Sen Kamala Harris!!! Your rude ignorant behavior will NOT be tolerated !
I wish you were really asking questions instead of taking the opportunity to undercut our President. Shame on you
You mean you'll b bumbling incoherent senility
You fuxked this up.
And you wonder why you lost so badly in your bid to be POTUS. Please do us all a favor and just slide over to the left side of the isle.
Sir Thank you for serving our country. Please ask him why he doesn't have a journal on Hillary Clinton to show equality and consistency.
Probably because they didn't meet where she told everyone to leave the room and she never asked for his loyalty. Are you daft or something?
Yes I guess loyal means nothing to airheads!
Asking questions?? I don't even think you knew where you were. Honestly I was embarrassed for you!
Dear senator, please realize you are only looking ridiculously old and incompetent, nobody likes or wants you. Please retire.
I would say that the reason you are acting out so much lately is that as much hate as the dems feel because they are EVIL sore losers and
So it didn't matter whether someone voted for you or Obama.  Both are from the same mold.  Biggest RHINO of them all.

Yes, we heard. Pity. Step down Senator. You are part of the problem.
#SenJohnMcCain #isis #SaudiArabia  #terorrist #usa #iran #syria  #iraq #supportingterrorism
All that prep and you bombed!!  Sad.
Love you John McCain and so grateful for your sacrifices for America but it's time to retire.
My question to you is, When are you going to pull your head out of your butt ?  You are only a RINO !  Retire NOW !
Unfortunately, none of them were coherent. Senator they didn't go over viewers heads, they were garbled gibberish.
Well you had a plan in place to do it, that's good. Unfortunately, you came across as partisan moronic mush mouth.
I hope you wrote them down cuz you looked pretty lost yesterday.
Was not good
What the hell was wrong with you? You seemed not only confused about the investigations, who you were questioning, but who is president?
you've not lost all credibility, wasted an opportunity to bring clarity, and reduced yourself to a punchline...
Senator your questions today raise many questions about your health. If there is not a medical explanation then it is even scarier.
That's really not what happened. Tell Putin you need a lighter dose next time.
Truth should come out its unfortunate but we need to move forward with or without Trump
Clinton and Trump to separate cased, Clinton's case is finished, Trump's is ongoing because takes time 2 trace every lead which lead to more
Yeah, not good. I wish you hadn't
Take me out to the ball game...
You embarrassed yourself! Obviously, if @HillaryClinton emails were leaked, Russia wasn't colluding with her, but against her!!!
Yes I guess they were technically questions.
where is the senate.  Time to pass health care, tax reform and infrastructure. Comey is a liar.
You should have stayed home. You wasted the precious gift to ask intelligent questions time by rambling.
Boy I bet you wish you could take this one back
Try to make them sound real intelligent, okay?
Completely unintelligible questions, granted. But I'll be asking them.
The history books will not be kind to the 21st century GOP, and rightfully so.
You asked what everyone was thinking -How could PRES be involved when Hillary wasn't? Comey had just admitted DNC involvement. No confusion
Sir., Dir. Comey didn't "clear" Sec. Clinton of anything except whether she acted criminally in having a private email server. Not of Russia
You were confusing during questions not sure what you wanted to know.
Take a nap first
Yeah but all you asked we're QQ's about Hillary? Please don't be partisan on this horrible injustice perpetrated on the American people.
Oy. You messed that up Senator.
Special privileges. Should have stayed in bed, no?
I respect you, Senator, and admire your sacrifice to our country.  That said, your questions about Hillary were confusing and made no sense.
I'm sure you're liberal in disguise.All b s.Retire while the time is right.Don't go out in disgrace
Really? Lots of questions? Yet all you could do was ramble incoherently, confuse names.  Dude, it's time to #retire
Fyi 2 separate investigations! the questions you ask left me wondering if u want to confuse us!  U tried connecting both investigations
You were impotent, and came off as confused. You missed your opportunity to address the issue at hand. Party over country will not end well.
So why are you tweeting about it, it's your job.
Worried about you. Please have doctor check asap. Looked like TIA. Mini stroke.
Next time,please remember that,at ur age,u should get a good night's sleep before an important public appearance that u yourself have touted
Time to Hang It Up Sir.
You are overstaying your Welcome. Big Fail Today
John, my hero ... wtf?
Yeah you were embarrassing
a shit about what is best for america just your base and staying in power  the prez leaks info to russia in the wh no big deal right crazy
in the clinton proble just like the bengazzi thing the repubs just want to screww clinton and turn a blind eye to russia and trump dont give
so after reading your line of questioning you seem to not want to get the difference and are again giving the prez cover no mention of russa
Are ya?
I'm sorry John. Your age is starting to get to you.
You should've stayed in your office. Y didn't do well all. Retirement should be strongly considered.
You should answer Congressional committee questions. "Sen McCain reveals natl intelligence to Russian pranksters." https://youtu.be/Eqrw2vIvBv0 
#LotsofQuestions ? What were those #Questions all about sir? Time to #moveon to #greenerpastures as they say.
You are past tense.I don't care what you ask
I'm POSITIVE you wish you were never there Sir. What a #debacle!
What the hell was that?  You blew it.
Well you embarrassed yourself and your constituents! Time to retire before anymore gaffs and more embarrassments!
You are a traitor to the American People for your nonsense today.  I hope you suffer from it. I will never trust you ever again. #TRAITOR
Seems like you might be receiving a few questions from the rest of us. For example, Are you OK?
you sounded like PARTY OVER COUNTRY all the way through. Your Super PAC took $200,000 from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman in 2016 #FU
you Sen...the one I thought I had some faith left in is out the window.  How dare you spend your whole time talking of Hillary. I demise you
Hillary's email was five years ago, Trump is five months. Now you suck up to Trump
You lost our respect! I thought this was beneath you to dwell on just Hillary's emails. Unbelievable!!
Your questions were really disappointing. All I could hear was a whining child... I have seen you doing better than that....
Who are we to believe?  Comey who is a respected member of govt or trump a fraud full of "alternative facts"?
Senility - Confusing an e-mail Server investigation with the Russia Scandal, or maybe just being Trump's b*tch!
Your line of questioning was nonsensical. Embarrassing.
And as it turns out he didn't. lol
McCain a confused man @ hearing. Clinton invest. About e-mails not Russians. Russian invest. About election/trump, not e-mails. fish oil
I'm very worried about Sen Mccain. I was listening to his questionioning Mr. ComeyMr. Mccain sounded confused   it could@be a health issue.
So of all the questions you could have asked, what was that?  Come on you're better than that.  Your Republican is showing
I was bummed by your confusing, disconnected line of questioning during the open hearing.  WTF were you even talking about?
"Had" a lot of admiration for u  4 standing up to a lot of Trump bs ...but in the most important hour u wasted our time with partisan crap 
Are you ok? You looked and sounded very confused.
What a sad performance by a seasoned veteran. However, difficult to feel sorry for you even after this humiliating act #McCainNeedsHelp
Boy oh boy...There are still lots of questions. What is going on inside your head and why you couldn't be coherent???
Ah will be be interesting to watch a @GOP #Obstructionist!
Someone call 911 and get help for John McCain.  Brain not getting oxygen!
What happened to you Senator!?
Rino.
You okay?  Seemed jet lagged...
Do you think all investigations are combined or just @HillaryClinton and @realDonaldTrump? They are unrelated!
What happened? I was very confused with your questions!
 You are my Rep & I have never been more ashamed. Resign if you cannot or will not do your job. AZ & USA needed clarity & you failed us
Senator, I admire you but your questioning of Mr. Comey today was at best confused and at worst malpractice.  Please help us understand
"President Comey"? "believe you to believe"? John, time to step down. You're just not getting it anymore. #Sad
No John. The MAJORITY of Americans do NOT have questions about "her emails". Done deal. #capiche #ThatThing #Sad
Again sir what happened to u? U went from this tweet to blabbering about HRC & not asking one good question U literally mumbled ur time away
I think you meant lobbing softballs.
What was up with your bizarre line of questioning?
Confused old man @SenJohnMcCain wanders into a hearing and asks a lot of dumb questions. #bizzarroSenate
Your questioning was pathetic.  Get of drugs.
You seem to be confused & off point. Are younot prepared or are you obfuscating? We need John McCain the patriot. America counts on you.
Incoherent questions.
You seemed very confused, sir.  Are you OK?
@SenJohnMcCain was not coherent, reminded me of a person with dementia.
Very confused as to what exactly you were asking Send. McCain? Know you were trying to make a point but it wasn't clear? Can you clarify?
I have lost all respect for you. You were party before country during those hearings.
That was impressive.
Are you having a stroke? There is no "President Comey."
Does McCain have a cold and is loopy from a little much Nyquil? Or what?
I have lost all respect for you. You, a former war hero, are now a bitter, biased, old man on constant Trump revenge vendetta.
do you understand the Hillary email investigation has nothing to do with Russian interference/collusion investigation? You sound senile.
More conservative bashing by McCain.  Hey RNC leadership the RINOS are pissing off the base. your going to have a problem come election time
How does McCain manage to keep public hopeful he will be profound and courageous.  I'm done.
Your allotted time was a shit-show. You had nothing of value to add, so you grilled him about Clinton e-mails and that investigation. Sad.
Your questions didn't make any sense. 
Thanks for clearing that up! 
Really McCain she didn't give Russia top secret document! Trump hand deliver to them omg are GOP that fippen stupid. Very disappointed in u
Do you realize this was the Comey hearing, not the Benghazi hearings?
My daughter asked are you drunk. Stand up, face the mess you have created in Trump.
One question, for you good sir: why didn't you bring a pillow today? 
You sure needed it.
#FAIL #SeniorMoment #forgotwhathearing
disappointed you usually make sense. this is nothing to do with Hillary
You blew it! What an embarrassment! You wasted precious time by asking idiotic, non-pertinent questions! COMPLICIT!!
Trying to compare apples to oranges is irresponsible. As one of the few Republicans I respect for straightforwardness, you surprised me.
After a few shots of tequila
If the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 elections shows ties to Clinton or any other candidate, they will also be included
McCain WTF!!  Why do you keep mixing in Clintons into hearing about Trump firing of Comey!  #weak
Two completely separate investigations, they both involve candidates running for president in 2016, but completely different topics
All your Q's not even tangential. Wondering if you're afraid of #impeachment
I watched.... I think you need to go have a full checkup of your cognitive capacities
@SenJohnMcCain appears confused. Clinton email investigation had to do with her time at State Department, not Russians & 2016 election.
Lots of questions about Hillary Clinton, apparently. How disgraceful.
Boy you really rambled on there, time to consider retirement, you have had a good run. You're beginning to sound like Palin
With due respect Senator McCain your questions of Director Comey were biased and deceitful. Hillary was fully investigated and cleared.
Sen seems lost and confused. Hope he is ok.
Come on, Senator. I thought you were above the partisanship.
You sure asked lots of questions... Irrelevant and occasionally comical questions.  I'm sure "President" Comey enjoyed the interaction.
TY for your service Ask questions related to Russians hacking #America or something relevant to hearing. HRC server investigation complete
Time to retire senator.  I'm embarrassed for you.
Does Senator McCain not understand that the Clinton email server and Trump-Russia investigations are 2 seperate investigations?
He's trying to maintain party loyalty to him and fuck Trump at same time is my best guess. Haven't seen it.
Holy crap John...its time to retire.
Sorry to say Johnny-boy, but your brain must be jelly. You didn't understand that #comey was speaking of 2 different investigations!
You were a huge disappointment and you diminished yourself today
You were unable to follow the hearing. Go home. You are old
McCain you had plenty time to prepare and ask questions that matter to the country instead you kept twisting facts to benefit your party
Horrible line of questioning that follows party lines instead of putting country first. I used to respect you sir.
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #PowerBeforePatriotism
 #TheResistance
You asked one question over and over. Didn't seem to understand that there were 2 separate investigations going on.
You seem to not be able to grasp the FACT that there are 2 Invstgations. 1 is complete and one is being discussed in this hearing. #clueless
I had great respect for you as a politician and patriot until just now watching your questioning of Comey. Regret voting for u in 2008
I think he was a different man in 2008, pretty sharp mentally, seemingly honest. I think he was truly confused today about where he was.
Respectfully, then he should not be in office or a part of the hearing
So true. He has served his nation extremely well, and looks like now is a good time for him to retire.
