With all due respect, sir, US could CUT military budget in HALF & STILL be largest military in world. You don't need more military spending.
Sure... and open up the flood gates to terrorists worldwide...
Exaggerate much? US has the most stringent vetting process...and you'd still have $200 billion in military spending OVER #2 China
What does Defense matter when we all live like peasants in a Socialist State. Please repeal Obamacare.
Go home and sit down
#Traitor #RINO #DrainTheSwamp
RETIRE... OR BE VOTED OUT!
You sir are a facade. Please do your country a real service and resign your senate seat now.
We also need a well educated populace that is capable of critical thinking.
Please retire!
You're the only threat 2 our Nation & Nation Security Songbird @SenJohnMcCain   Cant wait until the devil puts U 6ft under & takes U 2 hell
You lost the chance to free up million... billions of $$$ when you failed to vote for the repeal of Obama care... you made your own bed pal.
Yes the president got elected to do this and did . you have block him and the republicans from doing the will of the people .We know you now
Fuck off you braindead Trump ass kisser
Who cares about the threats to our country? You don't. You vote to pour billions into pointless wars rather than focus of defense.
Did you serve?
What are you saying? You want even MORE money for your chessboard?
Senator, more threats could be killed if you moved to impeach this WH--saves a ton of money too
The threat to our democracy has never been more clear: Donald Trump. Now do something Senator.
The threat to our health has never been more tenuous. Please don't throw the poor under the bus with the latest healthcare charade.
Your vote, essentially, against repealing Obamacare cost me $46,000 in taxes. You can send me a check anytime. Your hate for Trump cost$,$$$
Your President has it in hand John. You go and have a good rest
Is this just another photo ops for you. How come you spend so much time getting your picture taken while the rest of us that didn't betray
Sir, you are probably safe. Didn't you once say that you done even have email?
good
John why don't you tax the hell of the rich who wants war and pay our troops what they are worth and that is a lot more than them
Solutions to Threats to our way of life have never been simpler - less gov. Even a guy with brain cancer should be able to see it. Resign.
Thanks for the incredible, insightful analysis Mr. Obvious.  Pure genius.
You have been there all this time and you didn't try to stop the decline in the military.
Include funds for cyber security too .
Step 1 get rid of biggest threat to security @realDonaldTrump
The "security"   is NOT THE UNITED STATES but other countries. You see, a RINO who wants MORE ILLGALS/DACA/MUSLIMS is deaf to we the people
Send this guy to jail already.
No one is paying attention to you any more. Time to call it a night. Problem is to many that are just as incompetent as you have become.
Says the traitor that goes to foreign countries and talks trash about POTUS.
Turn truly our hearts back to Almighty Righteous God our Father and we have nothing to fear
Go home McCain .. zero influence. Take a hike. "ONE VOTE MCCAIN" ..   enough to derail remove n replace osbamacare. You a RINO......   RINO!
Stand up with the American people
Stand up with our President Trump
With all due respect, you have become a threat to our society... Yup, you
We need to fix our broken down airplanes,  ships,  and etc.
You are an amazing and dedicated man , Senator McCain! In spite of your health problems, you still put America and its agenda first
Please resign, you are embarrassing our country, people, & culture!

Senators getting rich off the back of tax payers suck big donkey dicks.
Retire
Hey sparky, our military gets enough $$$$
We already have one. It's time they cut down on waste and fraud before raiding programs that resCUE elderly, kids and vets
More money to waste on programs like LCS, DD1000, F35, etc.
#IStandWithRand
Wrong time to have completely incompetent legislative and executive branches of govt, incapable of complex thought.
Unfortunately our President is in bed with the people doing the espionage.
What the hell have you been doing for the last 10 years?!
We already do. What we don't have is a sufficient healthcare system.
And we will under President Trump.
Клоун!
would also include threats from within. we have focused on others for so long policing our own elections or our cyber-security is critical.
And the intelligence and confidence to use military only when attacked.
BUILD THE WALL #safety

EXCLUSIVE: Leaked Images Show Armed Mexican Cartel Smugglers Crossing into U.S., Feds
Tell us something we don't know. Fix what we do know. Get to work or RETIRE Brutus.
And a President who doesn't tweet threats to North Korea?
Yeah. From without and from within.
Still pretending you care.  How sad
U r a threat to security.
Arming terrorists, clamoring for war, incurring massive debt, ignoring corruption, participating in corruption.
I'd rather have my streets and bridges fixed.
Go away mccain
Including the threats within,namely the whitehouse and the people in the cabinet
Says the man who has done nothing for veterans or the military in years.
You've been there every step along the way. You much as anyone have been an enabler or catalyst. You're "leadership" is all over it.
Open question: How has #Obamacare helped you?
Retire
We have needed this all along. Where was our military in Benghazi?
The threat to our Healthcare has never been greater, yet you lied and voted to keep #Obamacare instead of helping the American people.
Sick!
Negative sir...We need a new President who is willing to condemn Putin...We still have a Russian spy in our White House.
How abt neutralizing the threat from within that resides in our White House, along with all the administration he has appointed!?!?
Are you smoking crack?! Just asking!
If you don't support #MedicareFoAll I don't see much point in having a huge military. Lack of affordable healthcare will kill us.
Our healthcare was doing fine until Obama's transformation and the democrats single payer!
Trump will handle our military WITHOUT your help. RHINO traitor
Here's an idea, BUILD THE WALL !
The threat to our security comes from our Congress. I LOVE IT WHEN YOU LIE TO ME JOHNNY! it makes me hot!
How about starting with the fricken wall.
We must invest in more humint to make it possible to gight smaller battles earlier and stop attacks preemptively
But at what cost & level does the buildup end-Greedy men making way too much $$ w/that premise while cutting food stamps-I call BS on that
SEN.McCAIN IM HAVING ISSUE W/SENDING THIS! TRUMP IS DANGEROUS! HE IS IMMORAL! I KNOW U RESPECT OFFICE! WE NEED YOUR HELP! SAVE AMERICA!USA!
we cant trust you because u continue to let us down with healthcare @ $800 a month $7000 deductible I can't afford treatment I need.
Senator McCain is a decent person a true American hero!
That's amazing to me!
The stronger the military the longer lasting is the peace!
The Cold War kept us alive, albeit with combat in other countries, but no nuclear exchange!
Won't matter if we keep our side doors open to our digital or cyber security. RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
McCain, not to be expected from your lip-service, obstructionistic approach to serving in Senate.
Bloody maniac
We need $ for cyber military.  This is the biggest threat.
The biggest threat to our security is sitting in the WH or playing golf... or tweeting hate!!!!!

I would be s huge advocate for cyber military. What has all the weapon hardware achieved in the last 10 years.

You sure don't want any quaint devices like the Constitution interfering with the War Machine eh John? Re your vote on the Paul amend.
Hurricanes Harvey & Irma have shown us that Pres Donald Trump Gov Rick Scott & Gov Greg Abbott is what real Leadership looks like. #MAGA 

Shut up John.
Why aren't you standing with @SenSanders? You receive government healthcare. Shouldn't everyone receive the same thing you do?
We must have voting security. Russia will contine to wirk toward ending our democracy
Sen McCain is really a Democratic
John McCain only delivers for the military Industrial complex. Why don't you work on delivering affordable healthcare and tax reform for all
reinstate the draft. Maybe they would learn responsibility as young men/women in our military have. Get them out of mom and dads basement.
Speaking of Security. When POTUS made first phone calls to Mexico & AUstrailia, how did you know and why did you call them to apologize?
It's worse than 1984 you are a monster! Satan bring your general Mcstain home.
The military is not ready and capable so long as the fool @realDonaldTrump is commander n chief. #Impeach #25thamendment
Domestic threats also! Like obstructionist Congressman.
Looking for another war?
SEN.McCAIN YOU R A HERO! I RESPECT YOU! I KNOW U RESPECT THE OFFICE OF THE PRES.! FIND IT HARD 2 BELIEVE THAT U TRUST/OR HAVE FAITH IN TRUMP
yes.
Nuke the bastard! American made! Feel the heat angry fat kid! #MAGA
How about a state department actually trying to battle our most hostile enemy.
Many Americans fear that largest threat to our security is a compromised @POTUS and the preliminary evidence strongly supports this concern
Couldn't agree more. Thank God Obama is gone, Hilary lost,and leaders of the DNC are being investigated for allowing inside access to Paki's
And competent leadership with some amount of moral compass and intellectual capacity, I fear as a nation we are drowning in stupidity.
So why didn't you pass Rand Paul's bill to remove military power from the crazed Orange Anus?
The biggest threat to our country is lying corrupt obstructionist RINO'S & dems such as yourself!! How's your HC
MAGA TRUMP 
a regular maintaining and upgrade over designated timing. this being more important than a WALL and paying super pacs. stop taking 
quit buying your positions expecting american  people to pay for it.  common sense campaignintaking fron super pacs. unfair2people
YOU  mr mc cain are in the way of MAGA, please go away.
We have been at war [ cyber-war ] for over a year but government seems not to acknowledge it. Our National Security has been hacked.
thank you for your support of the #MagnitskyAct –– wouldn’t have it w/o you.
Locked 'n' loaded? #trump
Which apparently requires even more than 3X what the next biggest military spender spends on theirs.
$600+ BILLION per year!
And it isn't enough!
Sounds like incompetence on an unprecedented scale to me...
Really profitable for the donor$ though.
#CyberSecurity needs to be a major focus
Undisclosed Russia contacts so far:

Cohen
Flynn
Gordon
Kushner
Manafort
Page
Papadopoulos
Phares
POTUS
Prince
Sater
Sessions
Stone
Trump Jr
So what have you done Senator McTraitor to help our military? Words no action #blahblahblah
And what about the VA senator poser?!
Kaine & Warner are no friends of the military.
Your daddy was an admiral. You got special treatment. War hero. An American disappointment. Please retire
No thanks to you, THANK PRESIDENT TRUMP.
You'll just vote against it in the end
Exactly, McCain reveals he is two-faced, do nothing traitor. Get out. You are as bad as Killary!
McCain will only be happy when we in every country dropping bombs ..
The best wishes for a soon recovery. We care.
BS!!!
You should support TRUMP ya THINK
