My dad, with end stage Alzheimer's, recently died right before receiving his first payment. NO retroactive even though he's been fighting
since 2012. I'm so disgusted w/ our Govt. who do everything they can to delay/deny benefits due to exposure that ruined their LIVES!
Then, there are his kids, one with thyroid cancer and the other (me) with hyperthyroidism that's never run in our family. SICK!
John please stay in Italy they need another good socialist..... the Dems will miss you here in the US though.
Agreed
The only friends you have are like minded people that wants to see the destruction of this country And after it has given you so much SAD
We're all gonna die aren't we?
John Good to have you back!  God bless!
Term limit!!!
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan So when are you supposed Leaders going to stop #BUFFOON45 from destroying the World?

US will have no http://role.you  have destroyed/burnt bridges globally.the obvious lies you tell while misrepresenting Americans will
So it's basically a paid vacation. By the way I thought you had cancer?
Must be the kind that lets U travel on America's dime.
America will soon have no role in the world if the current so-called administration continues our demolition.
The role during the last 8 years helped a lot.... to ruin this country
Did the fact that we have become a laughing stock come up?! #dosomething
Liberals are the laughing stock around the world. 
That friends list must be dwindling as you systematically try to sell our country up the river. Please retire before you do any more damage.
YOU do NOT represent the American people!! You r the swamp only looking out for own power in establishment - sold us out!!!
Are you two serious,We have major issues here and your on Vaca in Italy?
Tax Reform, Health Care, Wall, Make Million plus Citizens,WTF Italy
Oh you and your fellow RHINO drinking buddy :Lindsey.....good old Senator McDrunk and Gin & Tonic Graham....what a pair of LOSERS!
Arizona (and all of America) wish you'd just go home.  Haven't you done enough damage?
YOU DO NOT REPRESENT AMERICANS BY ANY STRETCH OF IMAGINATION!! SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP OLD MAN!! WE VOTED FOR @POTUS AND ITS NOT YOU!!!   #MAGA
I wished you would have joined your old friends in repeal and replace #Healthcare
Those two are being paid by big pharma and hospitals special interest Humana etc. They are on committees that make them rich. #TermLimits
These are the lowest scum pretending to be for best interest of tax payer while stealing for bank corporate military gain.#sicGeezers
I was hoping u wud stay on Arizona
It woukd be nice if you actually would do some work gor american people vs vactioning. Boon doggles not working for USA
Thank you for your service, but please retire and enjoy time with your family. Also, if you're able, take @LindseyGrahamSC with you.
Drain the swamp!
McCain is a traitor.
Looks like they're sleeping!! Time to retire #RINOS it's past your bedtime! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
The epitome of term limits right there! MAGA
America is the cradle of modern freedom and democracy. We need a new respected America opens to the World that protects the World.
Arizona and South Carolina need to quit voting for you both.
Probably haven't, the voting machines are rigged. No one believes Mccain anymore haven't for decades. No way he won fairly
Thank you for staying strong in the storm !!! Many many thank you
You mean the storm in Houston...... I didn't see John helping.... he is a Traitor
No i meant the brain tumor ! You think a over 70 yr.old man with a brain tumor should be out there tearing down  houses ? Your a nut job
No he is in Italy spending your tax dollars....I am a nut job but with a brain!
US citizens voted @realDonaldTrump President. YOU do NOT represent us. #TraitorMcCain
Mc Cain made a run for president but he didn't get there
RIP soon.....will be good for the world
Our role? Irrelevant and dangerous
Threat to planet
Impeach Trumpty Dumpty
Thank you for your hard work at this most important time !!
They hate the people who expose them which is us
My god you are the enemy. Are people in Arizona this dumb?
How about we let America determine its own role in the world. #GlobalistHacks
How about each country focus on itself for a while fixing health, poverty, education, homelessness etc rather than conquering the world.
John, please stay in Italy. We don't need you in the US and especially not in AZ unless of course your willing to pay our health care costs
Treasonous coward. May your plane take you on a journey far away from America.
You and Graham are the last 2 I want to hear from!
John you lost the election you're not president and he never will be
Figures goober was there
HE should reflect

#DixieChicks attacked #GWBush overseas

#JustSaying
#Traitor https://twitter.com/lindahill94/status/904690438057185281 …
Stay over there we don't want u two democrat clowns anymore
McCain, please know you have lost the respect of many millions of voters ! To us, you & ana navarro r birds of the feather! 
Like cnn scum !
What I want to hear from Dan Coats is what he wouldn't say aloud in open hearings.
How's that tumor treating you, john?  such a shame.  it's not impairing your judgment yet, is it?
While you trash talk the Commander in Chief and tmstood in front of Congress and said Rand Paul worked for Putin. You sure don't work for
The ppl. You represent the military industry complex and big business, not the American people.
Too bad none of you listen to what the American people want for their own country
Friends? Lol.,
You don't represent America overseas-our President represents America! Why aren't you in Texas helping those in need?
hey @MeghanMcCain talk 2 these 2 obstructionists! We the People know they're @15% approval. @veteran_news
ur both losers!! The Italians probably laughing under the table hearing u undermine my America. @US_Veterans
Note to you and your buddies: "Drop and Snivel" is not America's role in the world.
I PRAY GOD WILL DEAL WITH ALL YOU TRAITORS SOON !
McCain is an international embarrassment.
GAWD it's so past time to drain the swamp.
It sounds like you're on a junket; you and your fellow self-serving career politicians are not serving the nation and the American people.
Oh darn, I thought you died from a brain tumor, I guess I'll have to keep praying for that tumor to come back with vengeance!
To anger a conservative, lie to him.  To anger a liberal, tell him the truth.  --- Theodore Roosevelt
You two are neither. Scary
we don't approve of you talking crap about our president in foreign countries.The people in these countries do not approve what your doing
John if your cancer is so "aggressive", why aren't you home seeking treatment? Perhaps the cancer is affecting your mental status.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain, retire and let this country heal from you
America, and Arizona, deserve better than a senile old man that hate them. Retire.
>American role

>in Italy

ok
Two worthless voices that mean nothing! A waste of tax payer funds to send your worthless asses to Italy to eat pasta! MAGA!
You should be at home retired and recovering. You no longer represent your home state let alone America.
You should be in a forum in the US
The @POTUS represents the USA, not you.

You sir do not represent me or the USA .... #paidoff #dirty politician
Don't come back!
Hey John...YOU aren't the @POTUS ! You're tumor seems to be making you have DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR!
Actual people don't care about your opinion on anything, you're a greedy, traitorous sell out who lost their direction of their job.
Guess what John... You are not President. You are a liar - you said you would repeal the ACA and voted against repeal. You are a Democrat.
Treasonous acts, lying to your voters, giving aid/weapons to terrorists, etc. Your vision of America is not shared by Americans. Retire John
We do enough for the world what about your citizens your voters you don't care about us ! Do you really hate Americans so much !
Why don't you discuss your role in #America and then actually do what the #American people voted for. #selfcentered #spiteful #crybaby
Wish you guys could work in the US to end Obamacare but instead you're in Italy bashing our President. Traitorous, liars to American people
If any of you in his panel of "friends" please be warned, he is a liar and a traitor to the people of Us. Dont trust what he spews, spews BS
So, is this yet ANOTHER trip we the taxpayers funded? Italy.....must be nice. 
Tick tock your time is coming . Get out of our lives !
Disgusting. Truly an embarrassment to US and the great state of Arizona. Resign.
Globalist who still thinks he won election to be president. McCain is loosing his mind.
Collecting private voter information is a tool that can be used by the private sector to determine hire ability. No to hiring democrats.
You rejoining anything is NOT good news for America. You have reduced yourself/legacy to just an anti-President Trump weasel. #JohnMcCain
Traitor needs to retire or better yet be in jail
Dear John, You don't represent http://America.You  represent Arizona. You are a traitor and you....
You do know you work for the people of America right and you do know you're pissing us off right we're not your slaves we will fight back
John looks confused, like he's not sure where he is. He's an embarrassment now.
You need a competency evaluation!! We the Trump supporters demand it!!
Guess what, Johnny boy? YOU- STILL NOT PRESIDENT.
Say you guys share a room on these little getaways? You know to save the taxpayers money? 
You have no friends, just suckups.   You entered the Senate a hero, you'll leave as a fool, sad.
John mccain wasnt elected to represent the US. We rejected him.  Needs to go back to his proctologist to check for another brain tumor
Seriously @SenJohnMcCain what have you accomplished as a US Senator that has improved the USA? Give us a list.... Waiting....
Great!  Obama bashes US while abroad and these guys bash our president while abroad. With friends like these....
Neither one of you two chuckleheads represent what Americans want. You represent what your establishment minders want
Where McCain continues as the satin on the GOP
You need to resign, you RINO has beens, especially you McCain.  You pussies never did squat about North Korea and left this mess to Trump!
America is a mess, in part due to you. If our country is unhealthy, we cannot help the world. Focus on this country and start doing your job
Reminds of the "Three Stooges"!
Retire please.
You Trashed our President! Time for. You and the rest that think like your to go far away! I'm sure HRC can use a woods walking partner!
Pathetic!
what is this John?
Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
2018 The end of the RINO
Americas role in the world is simple, AMERICA FIRST!!!!! You and your a**hole colleagues are on the wrong side of history............again.
Please stay in Italy, YOU DO NOT represent the heart of Americans, you're a lying traitor, shame on you, Obama lite, retire!! #MAGA
Please retire you RINO windbag!
Please retire.
Dear traitor John McCain you and your homely wife Lindsey MIGHT represent DARK FORCES not... the American people. Your karma will balance
You only represent your voters and soon that's no one retire before your fired

You are not the President, please retired
That old saying comes to mind every time I see your name pop up: "put a fork in it... your done"
DNI DAN COATS ...national intelligence traveling w you?youre senators to states, not the world.
Traitor
Why are taxpayers paying for these guys to go to other countries to criticize our President and our Country??
This is why we have elections, and neither Graham nor McCain are President, Karma going to get them soon!
You are just a puppet, Coats is the lead; stop acting like you are important, you are not. Surely, you should be home with wife and coco
Get out of our government John.
RATs

Now that you're back let's proceed with investigation into FAKE Trump Dossier & what you had to do with it. Ready, set go.
You don't speak for us. You are a traitor to America. 

Be sure to give Lindsey a big hug and kiss goodnight.


You do realize that both you and graham will NEVER be elected again!
Graham and McCain are like a curse word for the GOP base.
428 days left!

na na na na
na na na na
hey hey hey
GOOD-BYE
Take a hint and retire, you're not helping one bit!
You don't represent anyone except the confused voters of Arizona.
