this is ALL on Obama!! he is responsible for Iran's rise and u dmdfcks let him do it so it's also on you! NOT TRUMP!!
that this what a small portion of the US chose as Prez. no experience, no knowledge, dumb reality star.
a couple likes yours is the ONLY neg. Comment...Hmmm...Get a clue!
i am not a libertarian, but what I am is more intelligent than you and your kind. I travelled enough
well traveled as well.just goes to show you know little and assume much
Time for you to step up Sen. McCain.  Partisan politics must come second to the welfare of our country!
Which will come first... War? or Impeachment? "Is the a SOUND-MINDED adult in the house?"
Did you catch this news as well? Hope you are not buddies with Putin as Trump is:
Thanks Senator. I don't know why #Irani ' ian regime friends are so angry about the truth. #Iran is godfather of ISIS
#Iran is number one in promoting terrorism. Mullahs regime execute & torture muslims Shiet /Suni.Sanction only
Trump was elected because we tired of wimpy politicians who allowed the world to come to this.
no we got Trump because a great many Americans are stupid or ignorant of facts...…there is no other explanation.
Senator, the entire world has been alienated by Trump/Bannon duo. Please save our Republic from these men.
. Looks like the women are going to hhaveto have the balls to say no to trump and De Vos.  .
Why are you blaming Trump? Didn't Obama facilitate this? Isn't it time for you to officially change parties?
JOHN   what has  happened to your mind ? you need to get right with God and dump soros
You're loving this, you'd love to create more wars. Gosh McCain what happened to you? It's as though your soul died. @WSJ
those iranians are nuts. Can't deal with the devil himself.
@oufenix @WSJ goody.
Why the Iranian deal?  Iran has vowed to destroy the United States and Israel.  No deal can be trusted.
when r we nuking iran, gonna have to sooner or later, let's do it now!
please make sure you vote against Betsy Devos. She is exceptionally unqualified. Thank u Senator
Hey, no problem, violate UN treaty, the UN will take care of it right? NOT!
. So sad our male senators can't stand up to trump and won't say no on De Vos.
World War III, here we come.  Which side will we be on?  Pro Russia or Anti-Iran?
I think Russia and Iran are allies, via the Syria-Iran relationship.
We're counting on you, Senator, to put country before party.
FAT CHANCE. They've all sold their soul to the devil & are now crazy ass drunk on the POWER. #GoodByeAmerica
yes.
Trump showed that he was at war with Muslims, so I think that Iran is getting ready. Sad events in our world right now.
I fear a bunch of old white men w/ a testosterone problem will start a war that NOBODY wants. Please show common sense!
#FFSWhatDidYouThinkWouldHappen! #Kakistocray
@hilarysontag @WSJ 
Hey McCain we want the tapes and info 
Today !! Or you are a Traitor also
Your new Russian leader really knows how to win...so much winning...you must be proud @WSJ
And trumpy will hide in a secure bunker. The rest of us? Quick death, hopefully.
we are counting on you senator to do the right thing rather than following party lines   #resist#twwnaz
#FreedomForIran #IranFreedom #DemocracyIran
please support trump so he can help you.....I voted for you and trump
and our President will answer... you had better support him!
absolutely!I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & strongly condemned Iran missile test,could impose tough sanctions
Dangerous things.  Too bad our POTUS is ill equipped to handle foreign affairs.
McCain starts WW3
,We are not stupid. We know what & why they are doing it.
Warmongering again pops
Let Isreal unleash hell on them
#MuslimBan has put us in more danger not less This is a Act of War against ALL Muslims #NoBanNoWall

How did the meeting with MEK go last december. You know the group that killed americans.
country before party
What the hell.  With everything  our government has done this week, you are lecturing Iran?
Please let the American people know when we are at war...ahead of time so we can hunker down and tape our windows.
If you fought Obama as hard as you seem to be fighting Trump,you might have won.
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ Appeasement policy & billions in concessions, not only didn't change #Iran reg behavior, but it has embolden them more!
Mullahs R trying to play big bully! They are so scared of the tough policies on Iran! You can see by the recations of TParsi!
well John, help the president and quit being an ass.
Couldn't hear it over the hype of the Supreme Court nomination
I trust Gen Mattis to stand up no matter how crazy and unstable Trump becomes.
And you, Mc Cain are proud of your Muslim Comrades!Member of Obama's Make America Muslim regieme.
what are you going to do about it now that you allowed Obama to make the ignorant deal with Iran?  Do nothing?
Is Trump even aware of what is going on any where other than his own reality tv show?
This is nothing new. BUSH43 dealt with same threats.  Watching C-Span, Stand with your Country and get SOS voted in.
, and you ate helping them stand behind our Potus or retire Reps. Potus
this is terrible.
Thank you for posting all of this great damning info of the EO but what are Senate Republicans going to do.
Lexicon of Fr/Brit legacy of imperial ambition is err. Zoroaster Shī‘ahas, Sunni, and Khawarij don't want Pax Americana.
someone should inform Iran they are playing with Fire!
Who is asking for  war? It will be a walk over if liberals carry on with their protests.
Great! Look at the Ukraine and Serbia senator. Stop this before it's too late.
..."most treasured hopes and gravest cares"...you've changed, sir.  You used to fight for ALL of us & were an example of unity
But  only Obama was weak with foreign affairs. Trump told us other countries would respect him. This must be fake news.
what is your recommendation and how will you advise the President. Assuming he actually would talk to you or Congress
This is the Democrats fault.  Unite behind Trump.
yep your guy is maga right
its sad to see you whom I admire post simplified, violence propagating news. Writer lacks sensibility and knowledge.
You are the only few Republicans that has not sold your soul! Travel ban is based on fear and prejudice!
...what happened to you?  I remember your speech @ the USN Academy in 1993 "on your shoulders, America now places our...
I am absolutely certain POTUS is in your corner on Iran. Buckle up. Go Donald go.
Senator we need cooler heads here. How's that Russia investigation coming along?
Censure him or whatever can do. Please! He said "you have to take out the families" Russia moving No Tillerson!
High time for a joint strike package by US and Israel to take out the missile launch sites. Sends a message?
Too bad u & ur fellow Rs won't admit that this is a reaction to Trump, who has singlehandedly made us less safe. #ThanksTrump
Big surprise. Hope they aim for just one area of the country and leave the ordinary citizens out of it
Trump doesn't care, he's in the White House.  Thanks for taking away our voice
, I hope to see the day when you are no longer a senator
Someone besides master Putin has to test President Bannon.
Any country developing ballistic missiles isn't doing so with the intention of using conventional warheads.
Do you really want an angry one-line Trump solution to this?
and the old one didn't respond to the first one. It would be nice if the Senate did its job and approved SoS
@realDonaldTrump @USNatArchives Well who's the one that emboldened these people if it wasn't the Obama Administration!!!
please so your job and stop the monster in the oval office.
And what will your position be when he swats them, 894/899?
President Trump is ready to act but are european weak leaders ready? Pathetic concerns of Holland or Merkel doesnt count
does he even care? Does anyone in Washington even care about anything besides their own self-serving interest
Senator congrats on your re-election & maintaining the quality of the debate. I'm Australian - you're greatly admired here.
New administration agenda so far not really making us safer, eh?   Keep fighting @SenJohnMcCain!!
Quess they want him reelected in 4 years
World Peace is the Demand of the People .If you were a prisoner of war  U should demand the same.
Where were you when Obama was handing over billions of dollars to them?
Will get to these ass holes later
How can America monitor Iran's Nuclear Arsenal if Americans are banned from entry into Iran?
another he has made us less safe thxs #MuslimBan
No #SaberRattling over Iran please.
Dear God, I hope Trump doesn't over-react here and send Nukes to the Middle East.
in his own words "what is the purpose of having them if you can't use them" Scary!
Troll
