Please help save DACA.
Nope
Yes and you please give too!
Says the guy who spends every waking hour undermining @POTUS & 65 million voters.
Continuing to pray for the people of #Texas impacted by #HurricaneHarvey. Here are ways to support those in need. http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/nation/2017/08/27/how-you-can-help-hurricane-harvey-victims/606586001/ …
Your president is there John and he's doing a good job why don't you support him
I see white people only helping white people.
Nazi Nazi Nazi !
Sadly , with you being a career politician, I can't believe a word you say, as long as the machine of big gov continues, I can't believe you
yeah i'm sure it easy to pray while you are on Lavish Vacation and thinking about all the people suffering..or not ! shame on you !
Remember West explosion. Arkema chemical plant in Crosby is ready to blow. Abbott will have blood on his hands. Protect Texans!!  #Arkema
Happy Birthday, Senator, and many more, you hear? MANY more.
I have not always agreed w/you, but you are a good and csring man.
Want to do the whole country a favor?  retire!
Support POTUS great job on Hurricane Harvey: a real leader.
My Honorable Senator McCain. I learn from you and learn my values are as yours. It is an honor to follow and Pray for you, Cindy(i) kids luv
SEND IN MORE MILITARY!  THOSE POOR PEOPLE ARE DYING!!!!  PLEASE SAVE THEM!!!!
How is @SenJohnMcCain going to help Texas when he couldnt help the American people with healthcare! He is useless
He kept millions in healthcare didn't he?  Yes it needs fixing. Trump is sabotaging the ACA & everyone knows it. MCCain did the right thing.
How did you help ?
And your support sucks! Retire please!
Senator??? Recuse yourself from Congress!!! And you wanted to be my President...ROTFLMAO! How does these people get in our Government? MAGA
The President (that you don't like) donated $1million.  How are you helping?
@SenJohnMcCain STOP INSULTING THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!! It is embarrassing & insubordinate. U, sir, are disrespectful.
& rest of corrupt US #Congress won't stop 38 billion to Israel to use for #HurricaneHarvey instead: http://www.unz.com/article/israels-38-billion-scam/ …
Is it true the GOP is going to put millions into that damn wall and not to Houston area for recovery. Tell us that's not so.
Maybe we should all just pray and don't bother to get off our rears like you're doing and let these people fend for themselves
Thank you for being the leader America needs.
We don't need McCain!
Thank God for John #McCain.
Thank God for President Trump!
-and how much have you & your family contributed? That's what I thought- nothing!!!
I have donated
Where is your support. In Italy under minding our president You have no respect for this country so stay n Italy.
Did you donate any of your personal money like our president did, John McCain??
How much are you donating to help? Put & where mouth is.
Talk is cheap cancerous one
Thank you, SenJohnMcCain. Happy Birthday!
What pray you can figure out a way to help military complex profit off of human tragedy?
I am continuing to pray for you and your family.
Good work, Sen McCains staff, but no matter how hard you try at this point, his reputation is not salvaged! Some wrongs r 4 ever! 
He who does not care about People not being able to get health insurance can't be a praying man.
Continuing to pray for you!
Did you ask your buddy #soros and #ClintonFoundation ?
And we are also continuing to pray for you, Sen. McCain. Prayers for all. Sad times right now.
. You better pray for yourself, eternity is near.




Thank you for showing us what real leadership looks like
Send them money, John.
One more way: give them good health insurance. Oh! Almost forgot they're not important when it comes to healthcare!


Use the money from Trumps wall to rebuild Houston and surrounding regions hit by Harvey. The people are more important than a stupid wall.
Thank you Senator. You are a true leader and an inspiration. I am a lifelong Democrat but today, we are all Americans
Thanks from Houston Senator. Thank goodness for real leaders. Also please remember the people of Rockport too.
Too bad you tweeted about a retiring athlete before acknowledging TX Tragedy.  Priorities askew!!!
It is So Sad & trump goes there and remarks about the size of crowd! HE IS A MENTALLY SICK MAN!!! DEAR GOD, PLEASE IMPEACH!  COUNTRY 1st!!!!
Here's our heroic Senator taking the time to acknowledge victims & share ways to help - while trump focuses on crowd size.
70% of them don't have insurance so they can't get treated got anything to say for yourself? I've lost so much respect for you
Go to bed
No budget bill should include any wall money from relief fund of hurricane harvey!
In normal countries, victims of nature disasters are society's responsibility, not dependant on private charity. Grow up USA.
How about asking the great billionaire @POTUS to donate some millions?
A belated Happy Birthday to you, sir. Prayers for Texas and you.
Get some of that McCain foundation money left over from your campaign in the mix helping Texans instead of SOUND BITES!1st NOT YOURSELF!
Donate to local charities. Keep money in the community.
Senator John McCain, I pray for you. I hope God bless your stars, your work for prosperity of America and legal support others like me.
Well we know it won't be by repeal and replacing job-killing Obamacare,I guess we have Rinos  like you to thank for that,way to screw us all
As if u cared! U voted 4americans 2not have health coverage! Don't dare act as if u care
Don't U remember that late night vote..McConnell staring him down- he cast the last No vote to defeat the repeal...I believe he does care...
In the short term, donate and help individuals.

In the long term, vote Democrat. Only they are committed to fighting climate change.
Thank you for your wishes and prayers, Senator @SenJohnMcCain. God bless you.
Wow...keeping it classy.And not a very Christian thing to say towards another human.
STILL ALL SHAKEN UP.... FOR YOUR VOTE ON HEALTHCARE ....Mr. McCAIN... YOU ARE A TRAITOR... why not call yourself LIBERAL/DEMOCRAT....
@SenJohnMcCain I may not agree with you ideologically in some ways but you are a TRUE American hero. Thank you for your service. 
He is? A hero doesn't sing like a 'canary' at expense of real American heroes or take bribes at expense of America
So your answer is donate money to charities that abuse administrative costs so they can treat people like you to 5star resorts? RETIRE
See any FEDs in this picture? No, huh. Just locals helping locals. Stop reading Breitbart & Murdock comic books. You are not on top of this.
Actions speak louder than words people.  Stop praying and do something. #Harvey 

John - how are those impeachment docs coming?
how about voting to fix healthcare dude! Now it's too late now #McCain.  #Healthcare #HurricaneHarvey
U should HOPE these people do not need medical attention, thx to your sorry ass no one can afford it!!! MAGA @realDonaldTrump
here is another way of supporting them and future 'them' : repel Oil&Gas

#climatechange #globalwarming #Harvey 
Oil&Gas
@exxonmobil
Darlene Doe, I have no idea who you are & what you are dealing with in life. Regardless, what a despicable thing to say to McCain. Shameful.
Shouldn't you be relaxing on the beach some were? Please retire and go enjoy your time and family.
You'd make a great #POTUS @SenJohnMcCain! U genuinely care 4 ppl & strive 2 put country b4 party. TY 4 all u do 2 preserve freedom 4 ALL!!
Continuing to pray for you and Texas, sir! 
Imagine a murderer traitor that prays
