A wonderful Statesman. I've always admired him as one of our greatest American heros.
THANK YOU (again)! True patriot and working in the best interests of ALL!
Ins through emp for family $700/mo ded $25 have pre-existing as does most of my family. Point?
That'd ded for regular visits. More 2k hospital. Still have pre-existing so not sure your point.
Ok glad I could inform you.
Sore loser!! Just like Hillary.
Concerned citizens trust that doctors have considered the new experimental treatment which uses modified polio virus to kill brain tumors.
First it was the POW. Now it's brain cancer? Ah it was from all those years getting beat in the head, at the POW camp, right? We knew that
Regardless of difference. KEEP BATTLING!
And who pays for your health care
We do!   I'm so sick of this guys nonsense.  He needs to get past his vendetta against Trump.
The fact that he's doing all these shows with the left shows you where he's really at. He CONNED Arizona
Traitor
Senator McCain,
Thank you for not supporting this bill.  Prayers for your recovery.
You must be one of the lucky ones, good for you.  The majority feel the burden of Obamacare, an abysmal failure, as the costs reveal
Has nothing to do with me.  Needs to be improved.  Health care should be a right for all.  My premium went up over 50% in one year.
My prayers for this man who has given so muc for this country.  Trump makes me with his lack of respect for Sen. McCain and all his family.
John needs to trade health care plans with me so he can pay for medications, testing, treatment, out of pocket, fair for his NO vote @POTUS
Was that the same day you thought #Obamacare was a great idea for America ?
#TraitorMcCain
Yay!
Who cares
Sorry u r going thru this God Bless. You need 2 resign, no longer 4 working class n AZ. ACA is killing ppl & u have premium ins on taxpayer$
You are useless and old now. Let someone else get your seat who will work for the people. You guys lie to get votes..
You will make it through this! Even though I'm a liberal Democrat, I have the utmost respect for you. You are an honorable man and a hero!
Reality escapes you
Send positive energy your way. Thanks for the no-vote. Humanity needs you for 20 plus years more. Thanks again
Humanity? Lmao. Where is the humanity  to keep forcing middle class to pay for people who are too lazy to support themselves? What a joke!!
I guess you don’t talk about the biggest Welfare which is coop welfare
Liz, He's dying of glioblastoma & not incapable of change. U undermine my party & your timing is disgusting. Why were u not there 4 Sanders?

What a lie. Try reading the bill then make your own decision to like it or not don’t let the rich elite comedians do it for you
Traitor
Have to say....that was a great moment.
We need your help to return to regular order. It's now over 8 years since bi-partisan cooperation. Mitch McConnell is poisoning the country.

So had he not discovered the aneurysm?
He got 2 live more years than those he killed! http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …

Everything about John McCain summed up in one photo. 
@SenJohnMcCain U are a hero 2the people.  Thnk u again. A Repub willing2stand on principle. Good sense & calling it like it is #notthisbill
The only reason Repub want 2 repeal is because of the name. No one is fighting 2 make it better which is what is needed.
That's the only reason. Jealousy. And crazy part is that Repubs started the Obamacare name. They meant it as a joke and it stuck. #maga
#TraitorMcCain
WE DON'T GIVE TWO SHITS. #MAGA

DONALD TRUMP WAS EVEN A REGISTERED BUNDLER FOR YOU IN 2008, LIAR.
RETIRE, YOU TRAITOR!
Thank you sir.
Did she ask him why he finished 894 of 898 at Annapolis?
Hurry up and die progressive
You need to go on the senate floor and demand all of Congress have their exemption from Obamacare be removed, in "good conscience" of course
Bye
That's the exact moment you should have stepped down. America is done with you!
https://youtu.be/JmVr7Dv1Ghs 
We should have made this man our president.
Traitor did you use the va...of course not!
Traitor retire!
#recallMcCain
I'm truly sorry about his cancer, but he needs to leave his position.  He only hurts the cause and has not ability to help.  Retire John
TRAITOR
How's that Elitist health ins! Liar Fraud!! Yu again show boat ego and tell us Serfs, I have Great Ins. Yu can't have it! REPEAL McCain now!
He had to be thinking "thank God I am not on Obamacare!"  He could have been a real hero and refused any treatment not covered by it though
Your obstructionism is obviously intended to screw the president, but you're screwing your supporters too. You should be bigger than this.
As someone who voted for you in the past, I am saddened by your obstruction against your own campaign promises& particularly GOPsupporters.
For your grudge against the prez, you are screwing all conservatives, most of whom who supported you your entire career& the whole country.
Really don't care
#should #resign recover ps don’t come back.

John McCain sold us all out



'Glenn Beck': Setting the Record Straight on Senator Byrd |  http://fxn.ws/1xntRiS   Let's remember SEN Byrd and fellow DEM JohnLewis

God bless u Senator! We are blessed for you. Rudyard Kipling's "If" defines you. Much love and respect for you. Appreciate u with all my .
Wish you best wishes and optimum health!
That would be when he became a Libtard posing as a Republican
#TraitorMcCain
You = snowflake
Check out @tbailey5477's Tweet:
ThinkYou Know John McCain?

WATCH THIS …
He figures that his family can use that as an excuse for the TRAITOROUS actions he keeps taking in the Senate. He has turned his back ......
.... on his Constituents and won't be missed when he goes.  He needs to Retire and shut his mouth.   Take his daughter with him
Direct Quote "You see Lesley, my brains leaked into my cheeks" DO your job before YOU get repealed and replaced!
Carma for a traitor like you
I wish you would've died
I will place bets he does not have Obamacare!!
Prayers for you & your family! Thank you for your service in war & the fight now!
It's all about John! I visit sick and dying every day, many who can't pay medical bills. Single payer is NOT the answer and u r forcing it!
You have no sympathy from thr Americans you have betrayed! #TraitorMcCain
McCain sides with comics,Pelosi,Schumer,Bernie & Obama over GOP colleagues, @POTUS, & ppl hurt by ACA; HE should write book "What Happened?"
Thank you from NV you're my hero
Look at all the tweets to see how happy you made your fellow Leftists. Hope tanking repeal and replace was worth what you were paid. RINO
Truth be told they call John McCain a liar.
Keep on fighting, America needs your strong support of Country over party.
People can't afford ACA! But apparently you no longer care.
The moment the world rejoiced when we realized he could die of a painful and slow death.
Revenge isn't pretty ,over what is best for the people

Does he even remember?
Replying to @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain   
                     he is a peice of trash.......a true rino democrat to his end
if nothing happens #Obamecare #Skyrockets,#Democrats & #Rinos stand 4  #NoRules #NoLaws  #NoAmericans They #EVEN WANT #BACKDOOR #Immigration
A lot of people have brain cancer
Been there Sir. When the told me I was pissed off. And swore I’d beat it!
Liars and shitbags in his closet
Whole different perspective now John on "hiding your own Easter eggs", eh ? Disgrace
No longer praying for this liar/poser. He's done and I hope it's soon!!
This guy might be a survivor, sometimes the good don't die young!! I'd pray for him if I were a praying man.
@GOPoversight Time For @SenJohnMcCain to retire , We Need People That Care About All Americans, even POWs
John Mccain Exposed By Vietnam Vets And Pow's
McCain is a Traitor to All Americans @realDonaldTrump  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hr37eE0nO8&feature=share …
You, Senator, are a Traitor to the United States of America.
It's not brain cancer it's called brain rot !!! Anything rotten soon fades away ... will be very glad when you are gone !!!
The "Panderer"
I imagine he was shocked by finding he had a brain.
Bwahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Songbird YOU are a TRAITOR!! America hates you!!
Did McCain manage to hide his seething hatred of our president?
If you had my health insurance you get no maj/Med! Sorry , sorry man
Karma
I remember when my husband was diagnosed, frightening thank GOD we have insurance. Tax payers pay for UR insurance we all deserve the same.
Couldn't care less about what that #RINO #traitor has to say.
So what?


Does any body in their right mind think they would have found his brain cancer if he had MEDICAID...THEY DONT DO BRAIN SCANS 4 CHK UPS

Some helpful info worth a try, but you may have already known too. I hope you are doing well! https://www.sciencealert.com/antidepressants-and-blood-thinners-prompt-brain-cancer-cells-to-eat-themselves …  #healthcare #study
You were a POW. You were a Songbird. You were not, and are not a hero. You will be beat in the Primary. G'bye.
Who cares
You’ve been brain dead for years, what made you decide to go to the VA and have it checked out? Oh wait.... you didn’t go to the VA
I only hope you get well, I just hope that you realize I have not been to a physician for a ck -up in seven yrs.  What am I paying for?
Politics - hollywood for ugly people
Rather stick pins in my eye you hypocrite
Rhino!
Thank you my hero.  You are an American treasure.
No way should John win another Election ..Lets face the only way he can keep winning with his liberal ways is rigging & cheating
if this Vote against the Middle Class does not get John Fired next election then we need an investigation on how the Votes get counted..
MUST BE RECALLED! Your lies, deceit and attacks on our elected President are disgusting! No lying about repealing Obamacare I pray U R FIRED
have no idea other than a rigged system for you to keep being voted in..i have never met anyone in my 52 years in Az that voted for you
Democrat @SenJohnMcCain  Did your Obamacare cover this for you? Oh that's right, you aren't forced with the options that the people in AZ r.
Who cares.
You SUCK, #JohnMcCain !! Can't BELIEVE you!!! Get over it! Vote #Grahamcassidy
Dear Senator McCain, I wish you the best of health.#AmericanHero
No one cares loser
Prayers and love Senator McCain may God  shine his light on you and with his grace heal you god bless to a man who has lived his life w love
Two old bags and useless Democrats.
Shit,I knw exactly wher I wz wen I lernd of McCain's deadly,mnths 2 live,cancer.Dead man voting 4 the living,WTF is wrong with our Govt!
Jst like evry1 knew wher they wer wen Kennedy wz murdered by Zionist pigs,(Zionists r not Jews,fu)I had a party wen I lernd traitercain died
John,remember firing a missile on deck nd killing 100s of our own soldiers?You ran to the flight crew quarters?ur dad nd grandpa buried it?
I told u b4 John.our fellow soldiers are waiting for u nd ther drool'n now know'n ur bout to be all theirs.hope hotdogn wz worth it,ShitPile
As an XEastern Star Freemason ur fckd Johny.U made the most illumed proud.Its Gona thank u 4evr with the mst severe Pain NOT Explainable,lol
that stahl female is also PURE evil. just a chickybaby! only good for being a cock holster!
Thanks again for opposing #GrahamCasiddy. America needs more leaders who act on what's right instead of crumbling to partisan pressure.
This should NEVER be about a crazy campaign promise unless it is the #Cult45 promise NOT to cut Medicare and Medicaid which Trumpcare does
Who cares karma for the rotten
I can't imagine hearing that news. My heart and positive thoughts go out to you.
#MustNotWatchTV #JudasMcCain



Doesn't stop him from being on tv everyday
It's sad that many Americans will suffer because of McCain's vendetta against our President that McCain started but couldn't stand payback!
You need to resign
So saddened hearing about ur prognosis Mr. McCain & my thoughts & prayers are with you and your family. Thank u 4 standing up agnst HC vote
Meanwhile, he's kickin' ass and takin' names each and every day.
He's nothing more than a traitor
Shut up John. Arizona was stupid to keep you around. They didn't know what an asshat you'd turn into
Sadly you should've stayed in hospital instead of coming to Senate and screwing the American people who are paying for the healthcare sad
Will she ask him how he feels having good insurance while others don't?
You can be sure McCain has GREAT Health Insurance.  No worrries for him. 
https://youtu.be/pj5sFsaF2KI 
Today I don't really care. I know lots of people with cancer, all just as special, some more, than you!!  You have turned against America!
No sympathy. #Sedition #Trumps any sympathy for his physical condition. Why should we believe him?lied about #Obamacare#Wall #resignSongbird
He close to finding out that getting filthy rich thru the military industrial complex wasn't worth it!!! Karma and hell go hand in hand!!!

Who cares?  No note is better than a no vote.  Are you listening Mr. Death?
Prbly why you were never elected president. Did you ever think abt that?
Could care less about this traitor
I pray for healing for him! God bless you @SenJohnMcCain ! #Hero 
#McCainTheShitStain lies to Americans and can't keep his own lies straight #RepealAndReplace
Resign for Pete's sake!
