Wow you scream repeal and replace!!! Has @SenJohnMcCain been bought out by Soros to obstruct @POTUS @RoderickAguill1
Soros has financed him. McCain is a Globalist!
You're spot on! Soros has made donations to @SenJohnMcCain foundations
lmfao seriously dude, take your meds. Millions of Americans will still be able to see a doctor tomorrow because of Senator McCain.
Millions more can't afford health care. Millions plus who work for a living. Where is the balance?
And now you are babbling nonsense. Taking coverage away from 28 million poor/low income helps who? Sick children? Who.
Where. Mike. Wallace. And. Ed. Bradley to. Oprah?
A room full of......stars ????
Obviously u or star studded cast can't remotely relate to middle class Amer. U know, the ones that actually work & float this country!
Traitor mccain! Dem POS
What the he'll is wrong with you. We had a lot of respect for you but it's diminishing. You traitor. Somebody screwed with your brain.Resign
Please do not put "bros" before your entire country, Sir. Millions of people are depending on you.
Dems only move was to take advantage of the old and feeble AZ senator that has cancer knawing on his dome piece! #healthcarebill
Ever think he voted no because he realizes these bills do not protect people with pre existing conditions, like his own?
Ahh Brandy how trusting. He voted for his own ego
Uhhh,....yeah. Ok. 
She's just a troll, Brandy......she has 1 follower .
Could your brain damaged ego be any bigger?
Once more. I am shocked there are so many losers supporting Obamacare   Have you no pride?
Your daughter should resign from Fox News.
..Are you still a republican Sir.
NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE.
Probably a picture off McCain's wall...all the Reagan hating liberals. Among them, the progenitor of the ambush interview. They love RINOs
So - hanging out with the Hollywood and media elites! Must feel great - and you're right at home with them now.
Is something wrong with you ??? Your out there.

We are so proud that you're voting against the new health bill! Keep up the good work!
Does being a TV star help your heart more than helping the Citizens of the U.S., do you agree to let us suffer???
You need to switch parties. You're acting like a Democrat. Repeal Obama care. Follow the will of the people. Stop being an obstructionist.
You are a hero in more ways than you can imagine
You are such a disappointment John, please retire
All of whom should have retired long ago -- just like you.
MCCAIN DOESN'T KEEP HIS PROMISE. YOUR FIRED!
You're one negative being We the middle class are struggling from Ocrapacare Please any is better. Pass the new bill & then Repeal & Replace
why didn't you choose a career as a goddamn celebrity....they are the  only ones you suck up to....Certainty not your fellow countrymen
Term limits
Noted so many lib responses. I just had knee surgery what are their lame excuses?  Nothing constructive to do?
How cute paid off  just join so sick of the finally exposed corruption up D.C. they must gave you a class to screw US!! #ThanksMcCain
Will not watch that loser
Mccain should be ashamed for once again hurting Americans with No Vote. Money talks.
Look at all those rosy cheeks!  Booze or cocaine??
That means you are not on...POS
Thank you for your NO vote. Hope my Senator, Susan Collins will be next.
All I see are a bunch of self-impotent losers.
Please vote yes
I grew up watching this with my family.. 
You are a traitor
Wow..all your liberal friends together at once! Why are you a Republican?
You are hanging out with celebrities instead of repealing Obamacare. Wow I guess we know what side you really are on.
Thank you John. I wonder why no one mentions when we said replace obama care we were thinking with some thing better
Not a surprise that you support FAKE NEWS sources.
Can we claim political bias-ist? I see; Progressives, Democrats & news folk that come on and out of being Democratic pundits? Where's GOP?
so now  you rub shoulders with the Hollywood crowd
Morley Safir was decried by LBJ as a communist due to truth reporting about Viet Nam.  Who was the true patriot?
The day John McCain retweeted an Axios article. The Stormtrumpers are suffering severe panty twisting rage spasms. This is a good day.
Does your EGO need praise of leftists SO MUCH that u r ready to kill Graham-Cassidy and to kill yr constituents hc?!
Thank you Sir for having the decency to say NO.
Nice to see you getting together with your Liberal friends. Have fun, but remember their are other Americans without Healthcare

Please REGULAR ORDER. !    No, on horrible health plan.  BAD
Think @60Minutes will share with the public that the Mayo Clinic doesn't accept ObamaCare?
Bunch of cons
Please Mr. McCain remind your colleagues that True Democracy depends upon COMPROMISE.
Twitter Lobbying.  Cheap and probably effective.  Leave Obama care in.  Then we can see the ultimate disaster.
Please take down Graham-Cassidy, @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you,Senator!
thanks Sen McCain for the heads-up re: 60 MINS

here's a helpful heads-up re: Graham-Cassidy:  
don't let friendship make you into coward
Constantly blowing your own horn.  Shameless ego
How many lies and fake news admissions will you own up to.  Now is time to come clean
When can our 100% PHYSICALLY WOUNDED Disabled VIETNAM VETS expect to be treated the same as IRAQ/AFGHAN Vet?  We are in need.
Ofcourse McCain supports '60 Lies'
Will YOU & @DNC @GOP EXPOSE, STOP, PROSECUTE #PoliticalSpying or is #USA = #Russia #China ?
We're hoping that a handful of Republican senators will have a conscience---"We’re looking at you, John McCain"
Watched Vietnam Documentary last night. You are a true hero! Thank you so much for your sacrifice! Please don't take ACA away from my mom.
did they show the part where he wrecked an aircraft carrier?
Will they talk about Forrestal, wet starts, songbird, tailhook, Keating, McCain Institute? Life of scandals, RETIRE Brutus
Meanwhile...@GOPSenMajority plans to harm Americans who rely on Medicaid coverages!  Vote NO... on the spiteful Graham Bill!
I don't think I have watched 60 Minutes in over 30 years now.
Too many people die waiting for healthcare- please do not vote to give away the lives of those with preexisting conditions. Nurse.
Senator, I'm just a wee bit more concerned with the healthcare issue right now ... as is the majority of America

Please vote NO!!
I stopped watching 60 minutes once I saw how bias they are. You continue to disappoint Americans with your disgraceful behavior.
In case you haven't noticed, John boy, they are a very biased network. My bad, I forgot you are a Democrat that hates @potus.
No on #GrahamCassidy please don't kill or bankrupt us.sonr make us make that choice
1967 Marks 50yrs. Your RIGHT, @SenJohnMcCain, I'm watching  THE VIETNAM WAR, Documentaries Nightly on @PBS  History, Military/ War 
McCain just wants to hear the North Vietnamese side of the War. He seems to have forgotten we have wounded VN vets in need of care
John please vote "No" on Graham bill. Thanks
Voting on a bill without a CBO score is not regular order.  Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Mr. McCain sir, please don't vote for this bill.  There are some things that go beyond politics.  I know you as a brave man.  Stand up again
Vote NO next week @SenJohnMcCain. No one cares about 60 minutes when we won't live to be 60 years old.
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
Thank you for all you have done for USA Senator. Hope you will continue to support bills that need both sides input.
Please don't vote for that SHITTY plan again Sir as a fellow Veteran i beg of you not to screw up our care and try to fix!! 
I like it!
No wonder nothing gets done in Washington .. these corrupt politicians too worried about being on tv all the time .. get to work
Please continue to be our true American hero and demand regular order on healthcare reform.
Senator McCain We appreciate your No vote last time. Please repeat once more. If Mr Grahm was a true friend he wouldn’t put you in this fix.
Love 60 minutes congrats on 50
How will you be voting in light of the FACT there is no "Regular Order" @SenJohnMcCain ? #Legacy #CountryOverParty
Dear old, corrupt generational thieves: 

Please stop honoring yourselves. Thanks.

Signed,

Normals
What do "60 Minutes and @SenJohnMcCain have in common Both are sell-out trash.
#RINO
60 minutes is still on TV
This bill cannot be good for Arizona.
I love you!
Will you vote against cancer patients next week John? My senator (@senrobportman) won’t answer so I’m asking you.
VOTE NO on #GrahamCasiddy
John just wants to be loved by the media elite.
#RetireMcCain
