8 years of Trump. 
8 years of Pence to follow. 
You devil! 
Again, no evidence. 
None. 
Zero. 
#Trump
War monger anti pro American agenda swamp dweller
https://www.fara.gov/docs/5926-Exhibit-AB-20120313-16.pdf …. John Podesta foreign agent registration.





"WE THE PEOPLE" WILL VOTE ALL TRAITOR'S OUT JUST LIKE WE ELECTED TRUMP IN!
Senator when the Russians annexed  Crimea and invaded Ukraine the best you could do is send MREs. That's what Obama meant by flexibility!
THAT comment was WAY out of line.   
@SenJohnMcCain is a true hero.   
Hate the game not this player please.   
#ImpeachTrump
MeckPorn.  Full of Trump Envy. 
Hilarious
Your page is full of President sexual fantasies.  
Nasty with not a shed of evidence.  
Keep dreaming.
Liberalism is a mental disorder.
No thank you. Tired of hearing anything you say.
I think you should start working with our president. Hang up the anger it doesn't help and sit down and talk to the president
you proved you are a patriot in Vietnam how about being more aggressive in taking down an enemy in the whitehouse?
There is NO justification for US taxpayer to take on another freeloading European "ally." No to #NATO for #montenegro
Completely absurd interview
he disrespected pows , gold star families and the intel community.
did you see how he disrespectful he was at the Memorial Day wreath laying?
uhhh why aren't you more vocal about the traitor in the whitehouse? How about going down in history as ahero?
Are you kidding give me a break there is no Russian collusion
russia and usa will go to nuclear war
You are all a twitter, except we're it counts. Coward
How the hell u gonna help THEM John? You won't help fend off Russia HERE!!
I would trust the Russians before I trusted McCain, he's evil
save us senator mccain
McCain is no Patriot and not to be trusted, he's a self serving career do nothing politician.... and I'm a republican....
You're useless and complicit Senator McJello. Trump controls you.
I can't stand this guy 
His mind is still stuck in the cold war
Come on it's 2017 and ISIS is a common enemy 
a group you & hillary support.
Hell NO
No thanks.
Time to retire Senator. really.. go. buh bye
The best thing you can do to help #montenegro is to get rid of @potus Senator.

Which Russians?
Lay out some details you skunk?
Wow.  And where the hell have you been. It hiding
How bout get get the Russians out of our own government, then we help others with their Russia problems
John you need to back the president. We need you to do your job for are country.
And that's keep the Russians out.
You are a rhino
We have no credibility against the Russians until Trump is impeached. You have taken no actions against him and are thus #complicit.
Are Russian neighbors could be our friends John McCain you just keep slandering any potential
The vast majority of your party not only doesn't believe Russia interfered with the election, but say that if Russia did, they don't care???
Stand up and do something instead of just talking tough and I'll start "checking out" anything you say. Right now.... #PaperTiger
Tell me the U.S. doesn't meddle in foreign elections and I will go with you on this Russian witch hunt.
Knock off the Russia crap
it. is. impossible. to. fight. your. enemy. when. your. enemy. is. in. your. house
20 aircraft will take part in #NATO drills in Estonia https://sptnkne.ws/e3wa  #SpringStorm17
Funny! Wants to fend off Russia but supports Trump and Russia take over of US. Talking out both sides of mouth again! Never trust a liar.
Unfortunately you backed the horse, that will turn a blind eye to Russian aggression.
Russia is planning to atack Montenegro??? Really 
DON'T SELL ANYTHING TO RUSSIANS/PUTIN OF MILITARY VALUE!
PROOF OF LOYALTY
No thanks traitor. Can't stand the site of you.
Support Trump
Because we need more treason.
Montenegro is a done deal, but Russia's meddling elsewhere is worrying. I'd love to hear the Senator's thoughts on Bosnia and Macedonia.
Fuck the Russians MctraitorCain!!it's all about ISIS tool!!you must be A.D.D.,focus MctraitorCain,FOCUS!!!
OMG, the Russians are coming, the Russians are coming! Spare us
This doc is even more eye opening. The president is a monster and whole GOP is complicit.
So does the US
How about we figure out how to do that here?
Please stop trying to start more wars.
EARLY BIRD!!! Good Wednesday, Sen.John McCain
This is great, love it! BUT - what are you doing to fend off the RU at home? They put a foreign agent in the WH -WITH YOUR VOTE!

