No, it was designed to put Russian agent Trump  into the Whitehouse. Do you care?
no Russia worked with the Clintons! USA does the same garbage 2 Russia This was John Podesta fault! He gave them his password!
Please stop shrieking. Trump is a Russian agent.
Nope he isn't. Hillary sold Uranium to them and Billy loves going over there to speak charging double.They were in politics evil
Trump was a businessman different rules!!
Trump's pro-Russian statements are enough to demonstrate his foreign preference.
he was businessman doing his job! He knows people all over the world
When he promotes foreign interests he is a traitor. When he takes money for it he is a criminal. Prison soon.
Stop attacking our president!!
The prez is the one who needs to stop attacking America and its institutions, he's becoming our worst enemy
who is he attacking?
students and people in general protesting against his regime
what are they protesting?
Prez orchestrated a self-coup via supreme court (TSJ) taking power off congress (AN) for himself, people have been protesting ever since
they r deep state. Working quietly 2 destroy our way of life! We don't wait globalism or 1 world order
2 much corruption in government.
WE

NEED

A

NEW

PRESIDENT

#MAGA 
#LockHimUp
No we need to find out why the left is fighting so hard..what are they worried about! What are these politicians hiding!
Certainly not their tax returns
Nor Russian business relations
Nor collusion with KGB to get elected
Nor facts in general

Your turn 

LOL
Russian story was made up..Come on u know that. Only 1s working w/ Russians was Hillary selling UR, Billy speaking making double
money went into her foundation. What happened to Haiti money? John Podesta emails?!! Did you read Wikileaks?!
How's that Soros money?
Free healthcare is a human right! not a privilege, profit making insurance companies holding Americans hostage. GOP are the henchmen!!
Proof??? You are now senile & need to retire. How's your buddy Soros doing?
It is working WORLDWIDE
First We need a President that believes it happened
Last election was so corrupt, we will never trust the result. We need a new clean election. Constitutional Crisis. Time to start over.
When http://will.you  step down traitor.
We need leaders who care more about the security of US & integrity if our elections than about their #GOP agenda
#sad
#TrumpRussia
You know this isn't true correct? Are you auditioning to work for .@cnn? You are a doddering old fool. Time to retire! .@SenJohnMcCain
Retire please
And Trump as POTUS undermines the public's faith in the white house and the country and democracy. He is mentally unstable, remove/impeach
RINO's Defined
Your party has become home to the LUNATICS. Take your party back and you'll do more good than anything you'll do regarding Russia.
Senator, the WH and its surrogates continue to promote Russian active measures despite being educated on the threat by USIC. #disinfoweek
Like requesting all voter info for fraud that has been proven not to have happened.
Lies - there is no proof Russia did anything. You need to be investigated for your role in the fake Dossier.
Your twitter handle says it all. No credibility.
My faith in democracy is damaged far more by the morons who think there are child slave colonies in mars than by anything Russia did.
We need #POTUSTrump  to admit it happened.
I think if my reps, actually represented their districts and thought about the children around the world instead of their Dark$ sponsors...
I'd have a lot more faith in our democracy.  You can make a difference @SenJohnMcCain - stand up for what's right, no need to court that DM!
There was no Russian attack
hey McCain, we don't need a war with Russia! We do the same garbage to them!Stop with the distractions. U  asked Russia for $
We aren't a democracy. Can't believe u r an elected official and don't know that. Constitutional Republic.
I really try to respect you, but this is just getting embarrassing.
Just like about everything you say is intended to undermine Republicans and help your Soros funded objectives..
John McCain have you spoken to a professional about your inability to get over what Trump said to u during primary? Seek help u traitor
Please retire
And yet now, you seem to be the only one spreading disinformation and undermining faith in democracy, go figure.
Why dont you be the #republican you were nominated for ? #FakeRepublican #UndercoverLiberal
Actually, we just need you to go away..far, far away.
Quit attacking President Trump & start supporting his agenda. Where is your outrage about Hillary/Podesta ties to Russia. We voted for Trump
You need to get out of the way traitor Soros lover
We need a strategy to send you packing, McCain. You are a pathetic, corrupt wretch. Take your boy pal Graham with you
AZ shld be ANGRY at being deceived. They thought they elected a Trump supporter, and he shows up a DEM, back stabbing, FBI dossier weasel
Wack job 4 out of 17 intel agencies agree with u you are nuts no Russian collusion just a bunch of liars
Dems and cuck Reps have done as much or more damage. Find a mirror, old man.
Too bad Trump and his advisors disagree!! Good luck getting anything done!!!!
Why is Obama getting away with this? He knew yet lied to the American people! Did he think it would help #LyingHillary??
Appreciate your stance against Russian interference- but what about the Senate health care bill? Suspiciously silent on that front.
So says a man who has approved of many US interference in elections around the globe. Not to mention outright regime changes by force.
Songbird McCain needs to be flushed down the drain. Fed up with his idiocy and treachery. #DTS
Oh please..... Obama knew about it and did NOTHING why didn't you go after him?
And what are u doing about it? Nothing ... as usual
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @nytopinion
"Neither...qualified" - Amend. XX
#disinfoweek #nullify2016
We should not try to influence Israels elections. BO didn't try to hide it at all. Selective outrage is hypocrisy.
We need to regain our own confidence in democracy -- by actually representing the interests of American people.
Close CNN, and the Russian intervention in the election will end.
first, you must place country before party
The US needs strategy to defeat McCain!
McCain IS Disinfo!
#Draintheswamp
You're a bitter old man who hates Trump. Time to pack it in. You're useless. #BankFraudBernie #SenileBernie
Can you take action and remove this president and the colluding GOP who put party before Country? Put the oath to the constitution first
Start your new foundation with money donated by people who aren't republicans
My strategy make democracy strong is to have you voted out of office as I consider you a turncoat against your own party
You won't do a thing or lift a finger. How's Cindy's job at @StateDept? Your daughter's job at @foxnews? You won't save anyone.
How about defeating it in the White House?  Seems important.
But when we have a president that's practically a Russian and will not take knowledge what day did we are in big trouble
As a Republican if you think Russians attacked your democracy than you must resign and talk afterwards.
MSMs lies and hype about the scope of the Rus meddling most specifically that they compromised Trump was designed to undermine our democracy
Also undermined, Sen McCain, is faith in you. Many of us looked to you to help keep this country safe from adversaries. You now enable Trump
How r your joints, senator? After the water ditch in Vietnam. Not asking about the brain, obviously damaged.
how can we defeat russia in cyber space when you've placed your thoughts in cyber space? #stupidamericans and im american
Impeach Trump if you're so concerned about Russian intervention in the USA.
This world will be so much better when you decide to retire.
Can't have a strategy when Trump won't even acknowledge it happened and kisses Putin's butt every opportunity he gets. Trump enables Putin.
 John McCain
you shouldnt watch CNN that much
You're absolutely correct Senator. Keep speaking out, and perhaps you can shame a few people in your party into taking action.
Kind of like the golden shower. that you pushed. You're not John, do us a favor and join the Democrats. That's right you're already did!
insane maccain.. you are a complete tool of a salesman for the killing machine-military industrial complex..
"if all evidence points to Russia, it wasn't Russia."

THERE WAS NO RUSSIAN ATTACK/INVOLVEMENT  The more u push this lie. ..The more foolish u look. ....& u already look pretty stupid.
I see no mention you are voting against health care (hahahaha) disaster. How do you live with yourself??
Russia wants to undermine faith in democracy, says the man who won't accept the result of an election.
yes it was and it worked.unless R's promote a Warren Commission like full investigation/report to the people we will be mired in uncertainty
You undermine faith in democracy
Senator, do you think we could start by impeaching the man who, along with his close associates, colluded w/ Russians in their attack?
Maybe you could start with proceedings against the Colluder in Chief who is undermining his office and our democracy... DAILY!!

We need strong sanctions against Russia and a POTUS who defends our country.
Demented
'democracy'[!?] #ROFLMAO
You mean #corporatocracy?
'we need 'strategy' to defeat #Russia in cyberspace #DisinfoWeek'
When do you retire
There are more serious topics to focus on.
Wow. No, we should be defeating the lies & corruption of Democrat party & Liberalism which undermines our Democracy 2 a much greater degree
Do you actually listen to the words you spew? You think fellow Americans are a worse threat than a hostile enemy world power?!
Yes I listen & repeat them often as I witness the relentless hatred & disdain the Left has for Conservatives, Christians & the unborn. Sick
People are individuals. Not all who lean left are pro abortion, any more than all who lean right are wealthy, power-hungry, heartless SOBs.
We actually really need for you to retire
Nobody believes you
I'm sorry but if there is one country in the world that interferes with other peoples politics and leadership its the U.S. !!!!!!!????????
Old full
It may have been a "Russian design" but too many Republicans have failed to hold them or DJT accountable. Our lack "fath" was caused by GOP.
You could start by actually prosecuting those who helped and those responsible instead of defeating sanction bills. "Very troubling."
Your attacks on sovereign nations around the world undermine faith in democracy.  Each to their own I guess.
I used to wish you would switch side, but now I just want both sides to get along. Get together with Mitt Romney
That's great you can admit it, but you and your constituents aren't  doing anything to solve the problem. Most don't acknowledge it exists.
The most tragic aspect of this tweet is that it's gotten over a 1000 likes. 
If you have any dignity, you'll retire. If you stay on, history will not remember you well
#trumprussia #trumptaxes Everything else is a distraction it'd be nice if @JohnCornyn @tedcruz would man up like you.
And a strategy to defeat Russia here on the ground, specifically in the Whitehouse
You are very stupid to defeat Putin. You are an enemy of America and that you will lose, as you lost the election in 2016.....
McCain you want to undermine the president and explain to the American people why you are taking money from George soros
#Putin proved that he is more powerful and smarter than anyone by interrupting the American elections. 
#trump victory = Putin's conspiracy.
How about we impeach the incompetent buffoon that profited most from it? Obstruction, emoluments clause, 25th ammendment, take ur pick.
YOUR ties to the Russians needs to be investigated. You are the Clinton's lap dog.
Cuck
Russian hackers? Again? Stop to spray your paranoia/propaganda on usa peoples. Just deal with your country's real problems.
What have you been doing in Senate this many years? warmonger.
But trump is trying to reduce sanctions Senate almost unanimously approved.  Why?
Russia showed you how your election currupt. What's wrong?
Your retirement would help
Stuff it. We've been hacking them for years too. It's time to retire.
You need to impeach the one they aided.
Your always ahead of the news!!!
Retire
Someone please tell McCain that the Russia story has been PROVEN to be a Nothing Burger, right Van?
Well President Trump seems the least bit worried about. Seems no one in his cabinet is talking g about it - at least not to him? Sad
We are a Republic.... We are not a democracy
Retire rhino
Are you insane?  Why do you want a war with Russia?  Resign already.
You need to talk to your boy then...

McCain with his ISIS buddies.
Throughout history of War.. those who best utilized NEWEST TECHNOLOGY.. whether it was the catapult or gun powder..HAD THE ADVANTAGE / WON
We had better GET ON THE STICK..and fast!
Cyberwarfare like a Neutron bomb for modern world.
WHY ARE WE LAGGING BEHIND..infrstructure @ risk
McCain is fake news.
Oi John. Where's your proof?
I don't agree. It all was to discredit the CLINTON'S and show how stupid all of CONGRESS is. All are Intellectual Zombie wasting money. SAD
What we really need is a congress that gives a shit about its citizens, and tells the big money boys to f'off.
Why doesn't the president say or do anything about this attack? Instead he tweets nonsense. #CyberAttack is coming in 2018 & we're not ready
Not with the potus you have in wh!!
Don't know about McCain. But dual loyalty to Israel is definitely acrimonious and as Jews, oppose it.
Exactly. It's AmericaFirst and Israel isn't second.
You're doing a pretty good job all on your own for undermining democracy there pal ! Should say LobbyistsJohnMcCain for Saudi's not Senator
Your war days are over dude. Retire while you have an ounce of dignity left. The adults are in charge now.

Time to go to the nursing home uncle John you have totally lost it and senility has set in, stop embarrassing yourself please. #MAGA
What are you doing to get the @WhiteHouse & @realDonaldTrump to DO ANYTHING (but blame Obama)?
"Yourself"
AND @BarackObama KNEW ABOUT IT AND DID ZERO. @CIA knew about it AND DID ZERO.
@realDonaldTrump 
#Trump2020
The only thing undermining our democracy right now as I see it is you establishment politicians who can't seem to get the message.
Bullshit! Show us something
McCain supporters could quite possibly be inbreds.  Who is going to investigate that?
Seditious #Soros backed #WarMonger and #Traitor
Cut the crap!
Russia’s attack on 2016 election was designed to undermine faith in democracy– we need strategy to defeat #Russia in cyberspace #DisinfoWeek
@SenJohnMcCain  you are very fake news. Retire now please!!
/\
#McCain You are 1 of the slimiest swamp dwellers there is. We Conservatives know your game >  2-faced lies, spineless personality & greed
Hey McCain...remember any of these Traitors? 
How bout the ones in the pic w/U selling Guns to Terrorists? How many of them are dead now? 
Well it worked, Trump got elected....fake President!!!!
Wops.. the village idiot is lose again
You can start by really standing up to @POTUS #FakePresident #enabler

Don't be mad at Trump because he spank your buttocks in the election. You're not a Republican, you are not a conservative. Go home, retire!
Let's start that strategy with your retirement 
You do a fine job of undermining our faith in democracy. Now drink your Horlicks and go back to bed.
How are you still breathing?
Trump is an illegitimate president. We must take our county back!
"Russian" story biggest hoax ever perpetuated on the American people in my lifetime. WE KNOW YOU'RE NOT FOOLING ANYONE. #RETIRE
We need a strategy to get you to retire!
We need to find out if we are subjecting our country to this mad man under false pretenses. I would have voted for you.
Time To Take Your Medicine & Your Nap Johnny!! You Can Dream All You Want About Russia!
HEALTH CARE JOHN... HEALTH CARE!!!
#SaveACA
#SaveACA
@azcentral
The President needs to take the lead here.
We should have left you in Vietnam.
give up will you. Even a school kid knows you're making this shit up.
Go retire!!
