Thank you for your up vote and any considerations and ideas to improve healthcare situations. It was good to see you up and around.
I will always remember our first meeting in the halls of the Senate underground on way to Capitol. U were my hero then & u still are!
years of sneaky disservice.. years of deceit  and collusion  with Russia and who knows who else
go back to bed #coward
It only takes 1 Awwshit to wipe out 10 Attaboys & your vote on advancing #BCRA today was 1 EPIC Awwshit. Know what you'll be remembered for?
So proud of you u are one true hero. Why not fund healthcare by taxing cigarettes booze guns ammo they cause most med problems
https://twitter.com/RobertWalterSC/status/889927786063908867 …
Is missing the horns you old devil evil man
Seemed to me that ur vote was for the party and NOT the ppl. I hope that changes, senator.
Since you are in the midst of a health crisis I hope it brings to mind others who are in your situation.  Please vote no on the Trumpcare.
I will never forget your honesty when a woman asked about you about Obama being a Muslim,I deeply respect you for that.
grandstanding
No forked tounge?
They should have drawn you a longer nose after the lies you told in that speech. Millions will DIE! But you have healthcare
COWARD U voted against Regular Order
U pretend URvote against McConnells current bill matters
U will sell us out and vote 4 his final ammend

Ted Kennedy came back to Congress  to vote to expand HC McCain came back to vote to take it away
Amazing speech!  Thank you for your service and for flying back to Washington to vote today! God bless you!
Everything is personal with you.  #Unstable
Glad to have you back @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain they missed this one
U like that caricature of u? R u scowling or is it frowning?
You suck - resign
https://twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain/status/889565251485806593 … ThankYou4courageously crossing country in your state voting4critical beginning of transformative swamp ending agenda
Thank you for the great cartoons from around the country! http://www.eastbaytimes.com/2017/07/24/cartoons-john-mccain/ …
He's given nothing but a greedy, corrupt, self-aggrandizing cranky rubber stamp to every fascist bill and appointment to come down the pike.

Best of luck Senator!!!
Next cartoon needs to be "Sellout"

Just wait until you see the cartoons of you tomorrow, coward!

Senator McCain, you have great respect from people in this country, even more now then ever. I want you to know i always had this respect.
Very upset as my Senator that you sold out today and voted Yes. Booooo
Where's the one of your return to try to strip healthcare from tens of millions of Americans? Put THAT in your gallery John!

#wealthcare
White man, w/brain cancer, receiving free government sponsored healthcare ... rolls out of his hospital bed to strip everyone else of theirs
You're a spy for the DNC & Dem's and sold arms to ISIS
Now someone needs to make an accurate one:
You as the spineless GOP blob you have become
Party first, right?
Feet of clay.
your only legacy at this point is you taking away healthcare for millions of vets, grandparents, disabled and poor ppl -- no hero anymore
https://twitter.com/krupali/status/889929439391473664 …
Trump was right about you.
TRAITOR..NO WAR HERO
we lo lot go.
Is there a cartoon showing him kicking kids out of their hospital beds while they suffer from cancer so he can climb in? That'd be a good 1
He's one you healthcare HYPOCRITE! Only War Hero to KILL AMERICANS!
@TomArnold it is utterly heartbreaking to see a once courageous man succumb to the shadows of evil by voting yes today. 
Irony would be you having life saving surgery paid by insurance one week and voting to kick millions off insurance the next. Please don't!
Please Senator McCain- vote No so that others with your devastating  Diagnosis can maintain healthcare
Hey what do we have to do to get FOREIGN MILITARY BASES in the US? I mean, how many do we have in other countries?
Please: Vote NO! on MTP
@realDonaldTrump As an American hero our thoughts are with you. Vote NO on Trumps attempt to harm millions of Americans.

While everyone obsesses over the threat to democracy coming from the White House, Senate Republicans are striking the most grievous blow.
Please vote NO on McConnell's I'll conceived healthcare bill.  It will devastate America.  We deserve more than a revenge-based gov't.
I meant "ill"
Praying for you Senator.  You fought and won many battles,  so you will WIN this   God bless you 
You just received great healthcare using taxpayer funded insurance. Why cut that insurance and raise costs for so many million?
Of all people, Senator McCain, your vote should be "no."
Best wishes to you Sir!
Stay firm be fair....
How's your government healthcare working out for you?
Not funny or appropriate at this time.
I respect your service but I don't have your healthcare I rely on Obamacare to stay heathy. Please don't repeal.
Your healthcare matters and so does ours - please support Americans and vote NO today on proposed Healthcare bill.
Please do the right thing. Vote to keep healthcare. Go a one more step and get bipartisan committee to improve what 45 is trying to destroy
Mr.McCain im the grandson of a pilot of the mighty eighth air corp and im a father of a disabled child that relies on medicaid please voteNo
One more
That @%$! said he preferred heroes that weren't captured. I prefer heroes that fight for the American people.  Do what is right.  Vote No.
Please vote against Trumpcare. The rest of us would like treatment for cancer, too. Thank you.
Here's another cartoon.
McCain would pull the plug on the other two so he could have a private room.
Please vote No on trumpcare.So many people will be hurt.There is no replacement,and trump is insane. Vote No.
Senator @SenJohnMcCain  Consider consulting CANCER CURING DOCTOR Stanislaw R. Burzynski of Houston,TX  CALL: (800) 714-7181 , (713) 335-5697
Burzynski is a quack. He was found sanctionable for over a hundred counts by the TMB this year. Avoid like the plague.
Sir! It seems that you're one of too few Republicans who will put country over everything. Please help save us from the 45th.
Do something for America for once and resign. You survived the savings and loan scandal only to not tell us where bin laden was. Go Away
You have made it through the most devastating situations. I believe everything happens for a reason. During your hospital stay, I hope you .
met people that had your ear regarding health care. You are probably their angel. Please think about everyone on earth that needs your help
Please vote no to repeal and replace ACA. Please heal, and relax with your family during this time. Much respect for you. Btw I'm a dem
These cartoons will look a LOT differently if you vote "yes" on the #healthcare bill...I can assure you, sick or not, you will be ruined....
The best of everything comes from the San Francisco Bay Area. Please vote no today!!
I too am a cancer survivor. I have excellent health care which is why I'm alive. Others aren't as fortunate as us. I too went right back to
...work only weeks after surgery, but others will not live or have a chance to fight. Please vote no to R&R the ACA. Bless you!!

Imagine someone without ACA going through what you just did? On top of a grave diagnosis they would have to deal w/how to pay for it.
I wish you the best!  Thank you for your service.  please vote for repeal and shrink the monstrosity that is the government. gov is sick too
You are a refreshing, funny, honorable, wise man who leads us. We all need it with a crooked puppet in the White House.
I'm drawing one of you laughing at dying children who had healthcare until YOU took it away...

John McCain Will Return To Help Pass Trumpcare After Receiving His Own World Class Treatment via @politicususa http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/24/john-mccain-return-pass-trumpcare-receiving-world-class-treatment.html …

Will cancer-stricken @SenJohnMcCain help a draft-dodger who called him a loser take health care from millions? Then this will be his legacy.

“He’s not a war hero. He was a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren’t captured.” —Trump on McCain, July 18, 2015 https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/889798407228989441 …
Love the Superman wears John McCain pajamas. Please, Sen McCain, vote no on this healthcare fiasco of a plan.
You should be ashamed of killing people with your vote. So much for the Maverick.
Please remember when voting how very fortunate you are to have had excellent health care. Many will lose their health care
Retire.  Do our country a favor a retire.
Seriously John. Resign. Cartoons are great. You are nit. You are disconnected from AZ and have been for the last 20 years.
Please put people's lives in front of Party. You of all know what health crisis is. God bless.
I rlly hope aftr all ur srgry pd by txpyrs u arnt comg bck 2 vote FOR trmps deathcare bill as ur last pssble senatorial act, tht wud be trbl
Please vote no on HC bill. We need a bipartisan bill for COMPREHENSIVE  HC that ALL Americans can afford.
Praying for you Senator.
VOTE NO and as you do think about the 33 million who will be spared losing HEALTH INSURANCE. Thank you!
I hope that your current health issues have moved you to know that ALL Americans should have full healthcare coverage. #MedicareForAll
Retire Canary McCain. You have done enough wet starts to this nation.
very cute and thank you for attending the Senate tomorrow.  Your sensibility is very much needed right now.
Senator McCain, I plead with you to do the moral task. Please we have too many helpless babies and seniors that need you to vote NO!

In our thoughts and prayers Senator, best wishes for a speedy recovery.  We are all pulling for you.
Sad that you won't share healthcare.

The cartoon is great. And we should all agree on it. But during the presidential campaign Donald Trump did not agree that McCain is a hero.
SENATOR McCain you are a true warrior! Take care of yourself and everyone is supporting you during this health crisis. 
We all deserve the same healthcare you received & we pd for.think twice
No greater hypocrisy than the same media faking their "love" of McCain when they demonized him when he ran for potus.
Glad you are returning.  Please advocate thar affordable, fair healthcare is available for all Americans.  Many thanks!
John McCain is a great American. I hope he shows us once again his love for country and the American People and votes no for Trumpcare.
Senator McCain you are the man I voted for in 2008 FOR PRESIDENT. My best vote ever @Tesla_X @johncarneyde @ChrisCoons @SenatorCarper
This isn't very funny, Senator. You'll be hurting veterans. You'll be hurting the poor.  http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/06/28/534671420/veterans-helped-by-obamacare-worry-about-republican-repeal-efforts …
...And people complain about President Trump's prolific tweeting! I'm still praying for your tumor, Senator McCain, you war monger!
All Americans deserve the health care you get. Whose country is this anyhow ?
These are Great cartoons  - may you feel safe, may you feel content, may you feel strong, may you life a life of ease
We LOVE YOU but hate healthcare bill. Please vote NO🕇
Time to put #AZ people over party and GREED.
#NoRepeal #ProtectOurCare #NoTrumpCare #KilltheBill
Hope you're doing well. Now think of the millions of Americans battling the same cancer. Vote "no" so they can get the same care.
Do not tarnish your Silver Star. Sir. Vote against destroying Obamacare  please do what is right for America.
I Pray my Grandson someday reads how a Great American Hero #John McCain saved America from a treasonous potus and putin's agenda. #loveyou
You know there will be some 20-30 million people without insurance for cancer if you vote yes? Be a hero. Show what compassion looks like.

that was so cool...and some great work
Please vote no to repeal.  Please take into consideration what having a diagnosis like yours will mean to someone that will lose their HC
Do you think soneone uninsured would have your treatment options?  Prayers for you and America
Nice to see someone w a sense if humor. Wishing you well
I hope you're recovering well, and I very much hope that you are returning to D.C. to vote "No" on this disastrous health care bill.
Dear Senator... please NO ON REPEAL!  70% of America will applaud you! Be a true hero again! Thank you...
Disgusting sir, that @SenateGOP is pressuring u 2vote. I hope u vote NO #fixACA & then UNSEAT @SenMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan
Please save us ... vote NO
Save lives stay home !
#Trumpcare !
Please sir - we all deserve the same chance at health care you are getting
If u go to D.C., plz #voteNO on Mitch's healthcare bill. ALL Americans should have affordable healthcare like their voted officials do!
Please don't let us down, let your vote for the welfare of all the ppl be your legacy.  Will not win u popularity w/Rep, but it will w/ppl!!
#CNN is reporting that McCain shouldn't be flying to vote on Healthcare bill tomorrow. Wonder what they're worried about??
Your parting shot to the Rethuglicans and Donald should be..."I refuse to harm my country and it's people". Get well soon Sir. XOXO

I hope if u decide to fly to DC you will go to make history by voting NO to taking healthcare from those of us that r not as fortunate as U
Sir, if you decide to go to Congress to lodge your vote on healthcare, please remember your access and give same to others in need.
when you go back, vote NO on repeal...you don't want your legacy to live at the graves of the helplessGOP healthcare plan is a bad one
Get well soon! You owe GOP nothing. No true friend or colleague would ask you for your vote while you're recovering.
…so far, is really BEST for America? Don’t you think a bipartisan REPAIR to ACA really makes more sense? We NEED compromise mods like you!
I've supported you, w great respect, since bef '08 run. Best wishes & prayers for recovery. BUT, do you REALLY think any R&R plan offered...
If the VA is good enough for us, why don't you use them? Lead by example  right?
Respectfully, if you are well enough to go to DC for BCRA vote, do not harm the many who need affordable care. Vote NO
You're next John: http://yournewswire.com/clinton-employee-arrested-treason/ …   Also, you made a cartoon of yourself leaving VN and the others behind. You are not wanted in AZ.
Please vote no on repealing the ACA. Americans still need healthcare. They will die wo it. You have Free taxpayer paid ins. You will be fine
Vote no on rump death care.

Outrageous GOP amendment targets federal employees working at CBO. Let civil servants do their jobs and leave them out of partisan crusades. 
DO NOT VOTE TOMORROW TO TAKE AWAY HEALTHCARE FROM MILLIONS!!!! PLEASE STAY HOME!
Take this as a sign: vote no on Repeal and Replace. Anyone can get sick at any time. Letting industry take advantage of uninsured...
We might be close to full blown constitutional crisis.
Mark Meadows says HFC introducing amendment to minibus to cut CBO's staff by 89 people, move to think-tank aggregation model (!!!)
Save obamacare
They want to disband the CBO and put a rubber stamp committee in its place.  Can you call these yahoos and talk some sense into them?

Wishing for a good outcome in your latest fight for good health. You have a supporter here in Michigan
