How your party ever accepted Trump as the nominee is beyond the pale.  Thank You for trying to figure a way around this egregious error.
Citizens made him the nominee... Ask yourself why? No error. We went for policy change, not personality. Nothing to figure.
I ask myself "why" every single day. Why would ppl vote for such a vile human? There's more to it than just "change"- like Racism & Misogyny
Hillary would have been a strong leader, a wise negotiator. For her flaws, she was a better leader bc of learning fr her experiences.
...and what does that say for our country? HE LOST BY 3 MILLION VOTES.
How bout those promises you made the voters John boy.  Hate trump worse than you love the country ?
He loves our country and is fighting for all, just as he’s always done! Country over Party! More would get done if other Senators did the same!
Oh yeah ?  More Democrat stuff ?
McCain is
McCain is a true Patriot!
Wow, every time I debate with a Trumpkin they call me a name! I’ve been respectful to you! I just don’t drink the poisoned Kool-Aide!
You called me one just now. 2 wrongs don't make a right, right ?  Proud American or a mooch ?
Please! Please! Please! Help us get rid of that nitwit in our White House. He is damaging America to please some Nazis who tweet to him.
God, you lib snowflakes are lame. You can't even verbalize why you hate Trump-except someone told you to.
If he was the Dem nominee last year I would’ve voted Rep or Indpt. Dems are 4 country 1st. Repubs are 4 party 1st.
Me too. And I would probably leave my party.
Just leave.
Trump wasn't the dem nomoinee. I believe in my country and I believe what most of my party stands for. But can you say that abt yours?
Proud conservative.
Praying for God to restore his soul so he can see himself and recognize value in those who don’t think or look like him
Please talk to your fellow republicans, it’s time for the @GOP to speak up ! #GeorgeWBush
If republicans don't speak up. They will be a blood bath. I will not vote for them again because they would be call cowards.
Unless many true patriots get involved LOCALLY in our voting system, it may not matter how many of us are rational. Grifters ARE grifting!
Exactly. @gop is acting like they’ve completely rigged the system. We all must go out and VOTE THEM OUT!!
Yes!!!   We have to vote on EVERY level—local, state, Congressional.  Not just Prez.   Kick GOP out on every level!
Remember the 2008 Obama vote? That coalition was unstoppable, so strong. We need that momentum, and more!!
We gotta have it.  We have to convince Dems that elections happen more than just Prez years. We’ve lost most state houses b/c of complacency
Oh wow, exactly what we were saying>>
Obama to Democratic voters: Don't become "complacent" in upcoming elections http://hill.cm/UqcKFFc  
You have friends ?
P0k

L
Lol
Lp
Pop
Pop
Lp

Pp
Pp
Ll
May Sen. McCain be known as the conscience of the Senate & the America he serves with such grace and courage.
Your friend paved the way for those values to be damaged by President Trump
No more nominations until Mueller is done. This is a fake President and our democracy is dying. #25thAmendmentNow
A world without Trump is indeed a stunning beauty.
Your recent "friend", President George W. Bush.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Right Senator?
Respect for @SenJohnMcCain 4 his service 2 our country. I am NOT a fan of the GOP but every party has there....
#JohnMcCainNeedsToResign
Retire. NO MORE WARS. No more Kurds, Schmurds or Blurbs. #AmericaFirst #CountryFirst if you remember 2008. #FixThisCountry #TrumpTrain #DTS
Denounce Donald Trump or shut it, you old coward.
Fired up... ready to roll!
Love that....what fond and innocent memories.  Thanks.
More decent republicans need to speak out. We are sinking under Trump.
Sen. McCain, these are your finest hours, sir. Thank you for your selfless, continuing service to our country. I hope your courage and patriotism inspire your colleagues, too many of whom remain silent, and whose allegiances lie elsewhere, at a time when our republic is in peril.
Very well said, Sam!
Thank you, Jeff! Couldn't agree more with you about the Constitution. And thank you for your service to our country. My best friend died in Vietnam.
Sorry for your loss Sam, I am a veteran also.
Thank you, for your service, Terry! No doubt you, Jeff, and countless others who put your lives on the line to serve, loss good friends - and I'm sorry for your losses, too. If arm chair politicians who always want war, had to serve on the front lines, there would be fewer wars.
Thank you, Sam.
Except Americans,  heh John? America will be great again, despite your globalist cabal.
Can you guys just use Trump's name already? Quit hiding behind words. You think he's dangerous, so just say it!
To know a decade later that my vote in 08 was a waste is heartbreaking, to hear all the swamp rats running for cover is sweet!  #TermLimits
Mr. McCain, thank you for embodying American values. We fight alongside you.
Too bad you won’t “FLAKE OUT” too!!
He isn’t your friend. He called your Bridget an illegitimate black child. Or, have you forgotten?
Amen
We are no longer that beacon of hope cause of what Trump has done and allowed in this country he needs to be removed
Which values? Bombing brown people for decades with no end in sight? Trump can eat a shit pancake but we don't want GWB's "values" either.
Um. You really have wanna drone strike conversation? Obama supporter?
No, I want you idiotic gun nuts to go away forever and let us move forward with a civilized society.
Stephen paddock was a Democrat
Source?
@SenJohnMcCain Sir, when will you and those of like mind finally DO something to remove this dangerous demagogue from office? Help us!

And day by day we all sit back and watch T destroy what all has been accomplished. He's unfit & all of you know it. Someone has to be first.
Accomplished? A debt you can never repay? Invaded more nations than any other killing millions in the process? You be proud of that.
Cherry picking... Don't forget T will increase that debt out of spite. Sabotage is low, even for him. + wanting to blow up NK = millions.
you haven't kept your word to repeal #Obamacare. You don't have the moral high ground.
Beacon of hope? McCain, that's a sick joke. US spreading democracy & hope? Bush spoke of tyranny - the US is the tyrannical threat!
Thank you Sir for speaking out. Our country is in trouble, help that country that you have never let down,plz.
WOW! We have a prodigiously ignorant electorate!
I was no fan of Bush or Cheney , quite the opposite. But Bush was not a bigoted racist. I would take them back in a heartbeat now.
YOU, Senator S. Collins, President G.W. Bush and President Obama have restored my faith in rationality somewhat. Thank you.
Are you still a POW?  Feels like it.  Like you are a GOP POW being forced to vote for treasonous legislation.
We know your part of the deep state but JESUS will take care of you traitor
Seriously?  Weapons.  Of. Mass. Destruction  ring a bell? Controlled demolition sound familiar? We arent all blind
Remember the Forrestal fire much?
Although I'm not a fan of Bush he's got that straight
I remember a time when I believed JWB to be rather dumb. JWB sounds like an articulate intelligent man in comparison to Trump.
A moron sounds articulate in comparison to trump
You mean criminal GWB? He made bacon with the blood of Irak innocent people as you did in Vietnam  that could kill you instead  of curing U
Americans do not care about what other countries think of us we care about having our country our way
Maybe a better choice of friends Senator?
Impeach trump total respect for you Mr McCain impeach trump please
You have more faith in your country than the rest of us do. I now have to fear being indierectly bombed by North Korea thanks to Trumptard.
watch more TV.
Thank you Senator McCain for being a leader of the GOP, in which true patriots can be proud. Yours is the face of courage, and integrity.
'maverick' and 'leader' is a classic oxymoron. Merriam-Webster 1963 ed.
Yes. Plz don't forget this at Budget vote time. Actions speak louder than words. Stand by citizens, your country. Ppl Over $$,fame, politics
Sadly he voted for it. Stripping $1.5 TRillion from Medicare and Medicaid.
#McCainSoldOutAmerica
President Bush is my most admired modern day Republican President. I like him so much. See how he expressed intelligence. Wait & hear Trump.
He has gained my respect as well. The US is in dire needs of voices like his during these times
Absolutely.
...bad seeds. It's past time the rare decent Republicans speak up loud and clear! Do it for our country. Not the party! Remember your oaths!
Go home n plz be quiet
Senator I personally think you would have been a good president, your character speaks volumes.
His 'vetting' of 2008 VP nominee opened the can of worms. TY Napalm John.
Thank you President Bush and Senator McCain from a very concerned Democrat.
Yup so concerned you run to tweet it hahahha
Like your president?
I judge what people do not say..trump may talk stupid sometimes but at least he doesnt do like Obama and just say things you want to hear
Your friend got us into 2 wars cost us trillions in money plus loss of life our economy and so much more seems you pick friends poorly
@SenJohnMcCain, I’m so disappointed in you Mr. McCain.... How could you vote yes on the tax bill when you know it is going to cut 400 billion from Medicare?  I had so much respect for you...
Is that why he voted for HilleryClinton.
Keep up the good work, Senator. So happy you’re not a Vichy GOP.
hehe is that a bunny? cute cute!
Like rolling in the blood of a dead soldier to become a rick star. You libs are sickos
Which value that he spoke of do you disagree with?
How does any American stomach such evil portrayals of any fellow american much less our president? Why play such a sick game for stardom?
I don't care that much about what was exactly said in the call. I am sure he was trying & we all know he can be tone deaf in choosing words
A not even cold body as a political game to get at our president.
I agree that we shouldn't be focusing on the call. I don't get why POTUS has upped the ante on it though by continuing to tweet
Because he has a mill plus soldiers willing to die at his command. He has every right to make sure our soldiers know he loves this.
Ok. Well if that was his intent, I don't think his message was very effective.
We need more of you sir, to speak up & continue to put country before party before 45 destroys our democracy & turns it into a dictatorship.
Trump is preserving American democracy, not destroying it.

Did Hillary not cheat Bernie out of the election last year? Did she not advocate rigging foreign elections? She did.
Someone is listening to too much #FakeNews 20 yrs from now you’ll be asking the same question we are...How was I so gullible?
Tell me - why did DNC staffers resign? Because their pay wasn't high enough? Wake up before it's too late.
I love the fact that I have been constantly on the correct side of history & oh so proud of being a liberal!
Are you proud of Bernie being cheated? He was liberal too.
John McCain: 1936-2018
That’s evil. Karma is a bitch, pal.
Only BAD karma is it a bitch :)...8 is the symbol of Karma (comes&goes around). McCain got brain cancer at age (8)0.
Whatever. You can keep your crackpot numerology BS. It’s still an evil comment that you made.
August 1936-February 2018 to be more specific. Time to put the fuckup Forrestal bomber in the ground
Cuckoo
9=highest digit/completion. Cuba relations resumed after 54 (5+4=9) yrs/Sarah Palin resigned at 45/Cubs went 108 yrs w/o World Series
Take it back... don't let Trump rob this venerated party of its honor and history (and I'm a democrat!) I feel that connection of our ideals
Of course you want to stop Trump if you're a Democrat. That's not special at all.
Too bad your party has abandoned those principles for fascism
Kanye: George Bush doesn’t care about black people

Trump: Hold my beer
It was very negative
RESIGN! If only you were this brave during the war!
Sorry, not you, @maxilynt
Yeah, I totally meant McCain & GWB, sorry 'bout that!
I'd be happy to have him back to replace Trump the Chump anyday.
Very true! Someone needs to step up to the president and put some common sense into his head.
Thank you for your service, and who else can we look towards ?
He's as big of a fool as you are...get out and go join the Democratic Party. We really no longer want you
Please just go away and spend your last days with family and friends.  Once a hero to me, you are rapidly becoming a persona non gratis!
You need to go. Sorry
You are a BAD PERSON. Please resign.
Someone should send a transcript of your speech & Bush's to trump. He needs someone to read these to him in hopes he'll learn something.
I hope that these values will survive this administration...
He was wonderful.
You globalist think alike
I agree.  I've disagreed with you both vehemently on issues at times, but I know you at least care about our country.  So thank you.
Amazing spo
Wish we had Jeb in the WH
He invided Iraq under false pretences, caused hundreds of thousands to die and tortured prisoners. So much for beacon of hope!
...and NOT a downtrodden multitude of citizens that DT would have us believe. #BringBackAMERICA 
That Beacon of Hope is more like a candle in the wind under Trump. If more republicans like you stood up to this insanity, we can defeat him
Do those "values" lead to reckless, even fraudulent military operations that leave thousands dead? Unfortunately the answer is yes. #neocons
And thank you also, for standing up to Trump! 
Can't believe I'm saying this, but yeah.
Fk off john
And I had thought R's had bottomed out at Bush 2.0. Never thought a pres could make him look so smart.
Yawn. More pontificating from a profligate spending crony capitalist, corporate welfare - bailout champion using leftist pejoratives.
Who wrote it!?
It was reported that President Bush wrote it himself
What makes u say that
One of the top 5 worst presidents ever.
At least he wasn't a presidential loser, though. lol
It only reminded me about the hypocrisy of people that now praise a war criminal because they love his words. Hypocrites.
Why did you all not stand up when Obama made all his big errors, lost me as a fan not that you care anyways.
Sir, with respect: It's time for you to retire.
how is Bush trying to speak against the president?  he was the same way and got many Americans killed
Damn right Sen MCcain! Thank u for your service Sir! I Salute you
Yes. Only Trump could make me long for the leadership of GWB. Sir, please help us! Our country no longer has a heart. It's becoming a shell.
Please think about another on the tax bill, American people can't afford to face that disgraceful slap in the face
McCain will endorse anything that hints opposition to Trump. It's personal.
Here's to hoping that 43's words seep into the spineless legislators (not you JM - you we love!) - and they get off their butts and XXV DT
Just like you use to remind us of a Republican, but now you cant see past the hate or jealousy of our President Donald Trump (so sad)
That beacon is a little dim right now. Ruining healthcare, the environment, stealing OUR Medicare, no checks and balances. Do you see us?
The GOP are the "do nothing" party. There will be a GOP blood bath in the 2018 and 2020 elections at every political level. Dump Trump.
I NEVER thought George W. Bush had it in him...but what this administration is doing is an affront to ALL Americans, even his voters.
George W Bush forgot to condemn Black Supremacy, Black Lives Matter and ANTIFA   unless he support them
And a reminder why nation-building is wrong and other like kind policies predicated on his values. It’s a new day, Senator.
Hopes are down in the swamp with the Trumps. God hath abandoned us.
Beacon of hope US won’t invade and bomb whoever ?
I am praying for you. Please stay well for as long as possible. You are a hero.
Yea, Where were you and he as Obama was transforming our country into third world. Bush should be ashamed! One brush paints all u hacks!
@realdonaldtrump GWB speech TOTALLY CLUELESS and divorced from reality.  Founders made country for THEIR POSTERITY, and DID
Thank you, sir, for that speech you gave the other day.
And Thank You senator for that wonderful impassioned speech that you made the other night! Very powerful! We are praying for you!
Thank you!  The hope for us is being shattered by President Trump.  We live in fear.  You have been a fine man for us.
Your party has lost its way. Disagreeing on policy is one thing, civil destruction another.
I miss George W.
I didn't vote for Bush or for you John, but today I felt hope for American.  Your recent speeches did that- thank you for having our backs.
It’s people like you who makes America great, Mr. McCain. Thank you for your service to our country.
You could have mentioned Pres. Obama also but it's your Party and you can cry if you want to.
Another #globalist but at least he’s retired, give it a try #lifer spare America anymore of your deranged speeches. Taxpayers have supported u long enough!
I am so disappointed you and @GOP passed a budget increasing the deficit  without getting DT tax returns or Russian Sanctions or CHAD
Any comments on the Trump dossier and its use for FISA Warrants? - a constituent...
Blah blah blah. Talk talk talk. #dosomething
GET TRUMP OUT
We stick with you John McCain!! Puss on that WHITE piece of shit Donald Trump!!
Thank you for not automatically falling in with the party line! I wish some of your fellow Republicans would do the same!
Just in case u didn't get the raising our tax thing,  here is the house!  Can't even afford college.  Never have been.
Bahahaha! Please step down.
I wouldn't go bragging that Bush is a "friend". He's responsible for a lot of death & horrible decisions.
Why are vote for this travesty of a budget? Do YOU need a tax cut? Does Robert Mercer? 
You know how many people need Medicare? Do you care?
We have different political beliefs, but I’ve always admired you for what you stand for. You are in my prayers.
Well said Neville. I whole heartedly agree
Yess! So proud of him and obama and Clinton working together for the good of the country! Shows they care abt us not politics
Thank you, Sen McCain.
So tell your GOP colleagues to start acting like Americans. Defend us from election interference and threatened nuclear war.
Slug
JUST Retire  already songbird
Senator thank you for your service to our nation. BUT IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO GO! #bushwarmonger
unless this talk turns into action, you are every much as responsible for this bullshit as trump.
Powerful speech ..was very proud of prez bush...i may be a dem...but 43 always demonstrating his luv for country first n 4 all americans
Amen
@maddym_makeup more like a beacon of nope
Me @ this statement
You are a sell out!!!!
Is this the same traitor who promised the voters in Arizona that he would vote to end Obamacare? @POTUS @Tinawanis @PoliticalKathy @FoxNews
Thank you for your service, your courage, your honesty and your dignity.  I am a Democrat who thinks the world of you.  

So glad to hear a sane GOP voice.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service & integrity. Historically I seldom agreed w/you-but always praised your dedication to our country
Amen
I’m truly living in some kind of alternate universe. I’m agreeing with these two. I need a drink.
I’ve felt that way since I realized I was agreeing with Bill Krystal a few months ago.
Neocon war criminals, who killed 100,000+ in Iraq, are attacking Trump. Do you ever wonder if maybe you guys are on the wrong side?
Your party is destroying us
Very Important great speech by President Bush!
Bring "W" back!
God bless you sir. Sad that America has been twisted and distorted by a populist. Real conservatism lies in you and real conservatism doesn't hate.
Where were you two when Obamacare was CRUSHING the middle class!!! No let me rephrase that... Where the hell ARE you two NOW?!!
God bless you and keep you forever and ever I love you Senator McCain.
Your friend, George W. Bush gave us an ill conceived, poorly conducted war. His arrogance and failure was responsible for this:
You are everything wrong with politics. A liar who is on video lying repeatedly to his constituents!! Sick
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 

#SongBird #NixonPardon #KeatingFive #RedLineRatLine #TimberSycamore #LibyanSarinGas #SyriaFalseFlags #ISIS #SteeleDossier
RESIGN
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
, u r a traitor & shld RESIGN & Bush doesn't know anything USD 2 HV so much respect 4 him
But none of you are doing ANYTHING to get back to that decorum #complicit
Thank you for saying so.  I wish the rest of Republicans had your courage.  From the bottom of my heart, I truly do.
I cannot find words to describe love, respect & gratitude I have for you both tho I am wicked liberal. What might I do to help USA today?
@GOP pissed it all away
By the way, Your need to investigate why we are in Niger? Start here. You probably forgot with your health and all going on.
#JKelly stunned that widow thinks phone call from #Trump is honor and should be heard by all? Does #Kelly just assume it’s going to go badly
Globalist hacks have no values!
#GeorgeBush & the other #GeorgeBush are corrupt RINO swamp scum. #McCain is just as bad.

#IStandWithTrump 
#MAGA 
#DrainTheSwamp 
2 disgusting low life traitors! Pathetic. We r all better off without u!
Im with you on this one, John. And so are millions of Americans.
Senator McCain, all concerned Americans appreciate you and President Bush for speaking on our behalf!!! Thank you both!!
Concerned Americans should be aware that McCain has a LOT of blood on his hands from Haiti to Ukraine.
How much $$ Soros paying u, Bush & Obama 4 his NWO
Values? Oh, did he find those WMDs suddenly?
Not sure but I'm sure Trump will find them
Every Pres is a war monger. They have their bosses.
Trump is dangerous ... the worst
