And may America stop this bullshit and get back to strengthening and nurturing this country.
Please sir, help your House of Representative colleagues move on impeachment. DJT is truly  mentally ill, he knows nothing, he is dangerous
When I lived in AZ I had the greatest honor voting for your first elected office. Senator we need to get back to the center somehow.
We're on a dance floor of history.  Two steps left one step right. We've gone around the ballroom dance floor way two many times.
#LibertyMedal #TraitorMcCain You let down the Republican Party #FraudMcCain Change your party or retire. 
The only traitor I see this that thing sitting in the WH #sociopotus
And he got elected by saying over and over that he would vote to replace and repeal. I have shown evidence. Trump is keeping promises. 

You are a traitor and a fake! You better come clean and tell the truth before you stand before GOD ALMIGHTY!
What God do you pray to Mr. McCain?

Please stop this guy in the Whitehouse.
wish you'd take your own advice.  Personal agenda and ego first for McCain. You wouldn't recognize duty if it stood right in front of you
#FraudMcCain
PROBLEM IS YOU ARE NOT HELPING @POTUS  GET HEALTH CARE PASSED FOR THE PPL STOP PREACHING AND DO YOUR JOB I BELIEVE YOU THINK THIS IS FUNNY
This is a Bot John. Pay no attention to it.  You did the right thing on those bills. Follow your instincts.  Look where they've led you.
Duty? Duty? You were re-elected because you campaigned on repealing ACA!!! Turncoat!
#RecallMcCain
GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Contact your Congressman to say NO tax cuts for the 1%.
Maybe we can teach other countries how NOT to divide into civil wars and how to self-lead when confronted with a dictator?
None of those who write negative things about @SenJohnMcCain and his service to country has ever been held captive and R DEPLORABLE

We here in the United States of America love you dearly Senator McCain.
I am a liberal and you sir are a true American Hero
Thank you Senator McCain.  I don't always agree with you on some issues however I respect you very much. You are a true American hero.
Thank You for your life’s service Senator.  Congratulations and well deserved!
Thank you for your lifetime of honorable service...class act.  God bless.
Bring up IMPEACHMENT AND STOP THE MADNESS! IN YOUR HANDS !
If so we must remove him, and fast, before it's too late.
You're a good man thank you for all you do
Amen!!!
Sad to say, John, they don't look to American for anything other than a laugh nowadays...
thank you for your service, John McCain. 
#JohnMcCain is a true American hero!
So what about kurdistan, they fight ISiS instate of The world and US, now the word and US let Hashed al shaaby to kill peshmerga and Kurd
Please tweet those sentiments to Trump..especially the words..wisdom, generosity and compassion .  he needs to be reminded
Thank you John McCain. Praying our country can get back on a closer tracks.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart Senator John McCain.  You deserve the Medal and more.  Please oppose the crook posing as President.
#AmericanHero
God Bless you @SenJohnMcCain
Listen to your words
Love you and your courage!!!
I think they misdiagnosed McCain and 45 is the one with brain cancer.
Does this old fart and his partners on the left ever SHUT UP
Do us epic favor get that raging lunatic out of the White House before he destroys our great nation! #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow
Thank you Sir for your service and sacrifice to our country. God Bless you.
I believe in you and your honesty.  You also saved healthcare for millions when your constituents were indifferent.
Congratulations....John McCain....thank u for standing up for the American people...my hero!!!
Please do your duty - retire. Think not only of your age but your health. You act like a Democrat & have disappointed ppl who reelected you
God Bless you, @SenJohnMcCain You have honored America with your service and sacrifice
And America loves you, Senator McCain
THANK YOU.
XOXO
Don’t let the Moron. Bring this country down.
May God bless you.
Thank you, sir for this message and your service.
Good advice.... song bird
We love you, Senator!
Yeah I don't think the world relies on America not since humpty trumpty entered the White House.
This is just noise John. Your actions speak louder
Sir with all due respect I don't recognize my country anymore help us...
#YULIN DOG FESTIVAL #YOUTUBE#LISA VANDERPUMP#DOGS BURNED,BOILED,SKINNED ALIVE#LEVITICUS 11:27GOD FORBIDS EATING ANIMALS W/PAWS.BOYCOTT CHINA
#OLYMPICS#KOREA#DOGS BOILED,BURNED,SKINNED ALIVE.LEVITICUS11:27#GOD FORBIDS EATING ANIMALS W/PAWS.DO NOT DEFEND DOG EATING COUNTRY.BOYCOTT
Retire immediately
@SenJohnMcCain I don't agree with you on policies, but I've always had the utmost respect for you, & it's growing stronger every day. Thank you for voicing the opinion of countless people distraught by what we're witnessing every day, & reminding us what the US was and should be.
Well said.
You are a great man who has spent his life serving his nation Please dont humor a certain POTUS by responding to his nonsense #LibertyMedal
In the dictionary under "Leader" it says see @SenJohnMcCain !
Duty--Country? They are not number 1 for TRUMP. He is all that counts. Sick twist!
AND THE WORLD WE LOVE <3
#ThanksHero
#PrincipledModerate
#RealMan!
#Care!
#Joy!
Thank you for setting the example, Senator!

So u think john McCain was a traitor? Why because he won't support the liar and chief? U really r deplorable, god bless u senator mccain
#TraitorMcCain while doing everything he can to f)(ck us all over
You are my hero. Thank you for your service
God will not bless you for murdering his creation,   where is your soul Mr McCain, someone  of your age knows life is precious
What a national treasure you are, @SenJohnMcCain!
We love you and God loves you most.
You are awesomely inspiring
You are so deserving of this medal, Senator. Thank you for your service.
Does that mean you're on finally on board with healthcare, tax reform & the wall?
@MeghanMcCain You can help by retiring..You served your country with honor..Now you are just a very cranky old man..Sorry !!!
Then, why do you stay a Republican, while Trump is the leader of your party? Leave R's, live long and come back when he's gone.
Yes, John, do what I said u would do.  Put aside your sick hatred 4 the POTUS and act like YOU love your country.  If u can’t resign.

You loved Kurds in Kurdistan region in Iraq, But, sorry to say that, you just ignored Kurdistan Check News to know howmuch we need Support
KING TRUMP!!  will destroy evil rhinos swamp rats with good! alleluia McCain RIP soon
I've come to admire you Sir. We need more men in @GOP like you. I'll be praying for you. We need you to help save us from this madness.
GOD BLESS you sir, you are and always will be my Hero.
You are a Great man 
May  God bless you, Senator McCain.  Thank you.
Hey Mccain the International Welfare Office is http://CLOSED.New  Leadership inis more concerned witnot others n there issues.
Congratulations, Senator. You are a true patriot.
What is unpatriotic? You and the Progressive Marxist Democrats who disrespect our Constitution and the American People. You have been outed.
Loved your "seriously half-baked nationalism" commentary.  Keep being THAT guy...

#AWESOME
if only you had a great leader. I only say that because the people of America truly  deserve that much
Please do your duty by blocking 45 s damaging agenda and calling out the harm and lies
Just like you, sir
And may God Bless you, sir....
When you narrow down "America" to only include special interest groups like @AARP that is a problem - hurry and RETIRE!
Really?
Retire
Let President Trump do his job, please stop sabotaging. Thanks
What's your name songbird..You traitor.Hero NEVER.Karma will get you .U deserve it
As a veteran of Vietnam war respect you then for all that; as father of 20 yr old son why has health skyrocketed; I see you are bipartisan


God bless you sir. This is the kind of leadership the US truly needs.
Where were you when Obama backed off American leadership?  Sad to see you reduced to a bitter contrarian.
Great speech, keep up the good work, and our thoughts are with you.
Senator I’m an independent and your the reason. I voted for you and I appreciate your tenacity! Praying for you!
And may G-d bless Senator McCain, a true patriot.

Wonderfully stated Senator!  I am very appreciative for you speaking out for the ALL AMERICANS!
Senator McCain, Thank You for your decades of honorable and distinguished Service to America. You Are An American Hero .
Too bad so many of your colleagues don't agree with you.
Should have said this prayer 60 years ago. Before u really fucked up the everything
There’s the John McCain that I looked up to and respected for so many years! Keep it up John! You’re making a difference for the better now!
Impeach
We are frantically waiting for REPUB PARTY TO PUT COUNTRY 1st & USE THE 25th AMENDMENT BEFORE TOO LATE
you allowed Obama to go against congress on the Iran deal and subsidies on http://obamacare.You  screwed Arizona middle class on obamcare
You haven’t been the man I admired for decades. You have changed. Go home and take care of your health. Tumors are unpredictable.
Our veterans blood to@preserve our rights and liberty is not half baked !  We need to rebuild so we can be strong again. Globalism is evil.
Your speech yesterday was beautiful. Thank you so much for your service. We may not see I2I on policy but you will always have my respect 
Except u fail to do that Duty. Shame.

Ugh!
SHUT UP ALREADY !!!
Fuck you mccain. You are a traitor
I've been a big fan of yours for many many years. You can help, Senator, by helping the country move past the vile scum in White House.
Thank you for having sense and strength to speak what those of us who truly stand for American values believe. God bless and grant u healing
Thank you.Be at peace during the remaining days on this planet. be blessed.

McCain angry Trump doesn't sign off on Russian Sanctions. 3 Wars not enough, McCain pushing to confront Russia in Russia.
A hero for sure.. brave for sure.. But this unending battle with Trump is silly and you are wrong. The "get off my lawn" act is harming AZ.
Thanks. And may god bless you.
Potus again threatened Sen. McCain regarding his speech. How can you continue to support anything that despicable man does?
Why m?? you didnt do anything for American veterans. You turned traitors. You will be known with benedict arnold.
I really don't know how much longer the rest of the world will "look to us" as a positive example. We're more of a cautionary tale now. 
Mr McCain as a die hard Democrat, I thank you for your sanity and service. You are truly my hero. God bless you and your family.
Thank you for your honor and service. You are a great man.
Such a patriot
Poignant words,but @realDonaldTrump & his clan will never figure out it's aimed at them. U need to b more blunt in future. Make it ur legacy
You are the picture of a true American patriot, public servant & hero. Thank you sir for all you have done for America
God will certainly judge you McCain.
I appreciate that, but I sure wish @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLeader would do their checks/balances jobs & stop @realDonaldTrump.
Genuine American who put his life in danger for us and still believes in America to this day !! If I ever meet him I would salute him
You are a gracious and brave man. I send you my best wishes for strength in your current fight.
Thank you Senator John McCain, for your Service, your years in Congress and Senate.
God bless you Sen McCain   you are this nations greatest hope I cannot ty enough for standing tall for our beloved country
God did bless America HE sent us Trump!  Now He needs to get rid of you and the democrats and RINOs
To bad our leader does not agree on this
Thank you for all of your continued contributions & congratulations @SenJohnMcCain !
What song did you sing during your campaign in 2008??? “Bomb bomb.. what country? YOU ARE ALL THE SAME! #hipocrites
SpeakTruth To Power Mr. John McCain...




Support the legislation you campaigned on Suppot our GOP president Ur hired to do a job not push ur leftist agenda!
Amen!
May God bless those who keep their word, Not McCain
So you’ll file articles of impeachment? Or are you going to let the monster destroy the country we love? #Americanhero #LibertyMedal
Sir PLZ retire....stop hindering America’s agenda
If mccain wants to live in the past he needs to leave office and retire with his memory's we want people in office to do what WE want
john, you ran on repealing and replacing obamacare. you're a traitor. the democrats finally love you, is that what you wanted all along?
Then stay home and rest. McCains go away!!!!!!!
We will keep fighting for America YOU fought 4 with great success. We need strength of convictions you have shown us.Nothing FAKE about you
Get out of the Senate at long last
build the wall, replace Obamacare, do tax reform, do something besides just talk and self promotion.
From the Netherlands I thank  you for your wonderful speech, you really deserved this #LibertyMedal
You should have thought about that while you were living in the lap of luxury in the Hanoi Hilton.
Do ur duty and retire. DJT is POTUS
Can you read it one more time....
May god bless you sir. Thank you for your service. You are a true AMERICAN HERO!!
F_ck you POS
Thank you for your strength, courage and leadership #McCain

Only to be undermined at every turn, by lifelong political hacks, like yourself.
The best thing you could do for the Country is resign you did enough damage you guys gave Pres Trump a mess that he wants to fix u obstruct
I truly feel you need to retire! I believe your time has come. You have screwed the Republican Party!
Which god are you talking about @SenJohnMcCain ? Not everyone worships molech
the Republican Party sucks but you are #1 in my book
"The world still looks to the example and leadership of America"...with utter horror, disgust and dismay.
