You still gotta throw your anti-trump jab in there aye John?  Get over it, he won, support our Pres!
You cannot support this vile man who endangers our country- you are betting on the wrong horse
Conservative-Liberal?!  That's a sickening phrase...
Why so?
The word liberal doesn't deserve to be conjoined with word conservative.
I disagree - liberal ideas are great as only that allows a society to prosper- to demonize them leads to authoritarianism
LOL, no Liberalism/Socialism destroys countries.  It's not an opinion, just look at history....and Venezuela!
I have a second home in Germany through inheritance- it's a liberal, safe country with Merkel as a conservative - great life there!

Some Trump supporters are the worst patriots. Supporting a draft dodger while imitating him disrespecting actual veterans.
@Havergoe ...I bet that you never served in the military... Did you served in the military?
Don't know if @havergoe served, but my father is 20 yr Army vet & die-hard anti-Trump. Quit perpetuating fallacy of all military backing him
The right likes to pretend they have a monopoly on patriotism.
I believe we do. We don't burn the flag and we don't suppress free speech.
U just described the Dems. Chk/bal=lawlessness. Va/Ben=dying vets. Fed/jud=making their own judgments. Opp/guns=stripping 2nd amend. Hmm
What does this rambling mess even mean? Did actually you read what I said?
I wish you would just shut up. You are an old disappointed failed bitter presidential candidate and are enraged that .@realDonaldTrump won
Most Americans are enraged, or at least disgusted, that Trump "won." Nauseated, afraid for the future of our children and nature.
Afraid? Of what?  Most Americans?  He won.
I fear his stubborn ignoring of the coming climate change disasters will make life awful for children, grandkids, etc. Quick buck vs future
He never said he would keep our environment clean and safe. He wasnt going to give Billions of Taxpayer $ to other countries for no reasin
This country. Lifting enviro protections. He's letting companies pollute and stupidly trying to revive coal instead of helping solar, wind
Coalminers now have jobs&can feed their families Most coal will B exported Regs he lifted will not hurt environment &some werent in effect

You must retire and take care of your health. Also let young people deal with current affairs
you are the reason We the People demand term limits !!!
Come on John. Everyone knows you hate Trump and laughed in Congress on he MAGA. You are a has been,never was Presidential material. Coward!
sold out long ago @POTUS
John you let your personal hate for Our Republican President that the USA VOTED FOR cause you to Make the BIGGEST F'UP EVER!!
#DemsMcCAIN
Maybe if you focused as much on USA & Healthcare as you do on your wet dream war with Russia something would get done.
Please please impeach Trump before he kills us all. The GOP needs to do its duty to us
One can hope, but doubt it.  Thankful for patriots like you to stand up for what's right.
Why don't you tell your followers that Congress tried to usurp the powers that belong to the Pres. Unconstitutional, period.
You hypocrite!
McCain won't be happy until we're in another war.
Don't you ever shut up? My god, you're a sellout and a traitor to the American people. We didn't want you in '08, we don't want you now.
Retire!
Unlike you, our President believes in doing the right thing. You have obviously joined the Democrats in their obstruction.
We do not forget who the President really is
https://m.facebook.com/groups/334010510303530?multi_permalinks=584017698636142%2C583412592029986&notif_t=group_activity&notif_id=1501824605752104&ref=m_notif#!/groups/334010510303530?view=permalink&id=584017698636142&refid=18&ref=m_notif&notif_t=group_activity&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Kind of like u with healthcare
Don't hold your breath Senator McCain.
You know he won't because he loves Putin.
You're kidding, right?
Good news Mr McCain. You've got a lot of  new friends. The DEMS really enjoy your company. Good on you
Вся наша страна ждет, когда тебе вырежут оставшийся мозг

Say it like it is #JohnMcCain.  Thank you.
SenJohnMcCain, you lied to us the American people.
Are you serious, you are a disruptive obstructionist against you're own party and the American People. Get with the program or get out! MAGA
No offense, but nobody asked for your opinion. You had your chance, get over it. Get behind your President or be quiet.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your leadership in the Senate, but you know @realDonaldTrump  will be vocal about Russia in the wrong way. SMH.
Did u know he called his BFF(Putin) before signing the bill!?
CIA: watching and listening.
Aren't we all listened in on?
RETIRE!!!!!!!
Please!
You know he won't Senator McCain. For some reason he is beholden to Russia. He really should not be our President for that reason and more.
Well well what do you want. What do you know about Russia  Do you really care or is it about Trump. A lot happen with obama and Russia
I want the truth to be told and if treason happened for Trump to obtain the presidency then accountability and justice must prevail. #USA
Yes let the investigation go on  we shall know the truth  but a lot of people just like to talk  what they don't know
If you'd speak half as bad about Hillary Clinton as you do about Donald Trump, you might actually garner some Republican respect.
Thank you Sen McCain for always going above and beyond the call!!
The American people elected him to represent them, as they did you.
He isn't failing them.
MOST of Congress & the media is.
They know it, 2
Ahhh look. The Religious Right, which is neither.
Like you did with Obamacare! Disgrace...
Glad to hear you've kept your sense of humor through everything.
We are sick of the Russia crap!  How about either YOU do the right thing with healthcare or just retire and hand the wand over!
Tell me Mccain, when r u F Repub going to come out and stand by OUR @POTUS ? Dems special counsel/G Jury is BULLSHIT AND BIASED AS HELL!
pure congressional overreach....inhibits POTUS in trying to work w Russia where needed....
WE ARE All VOCAL ABOUT YOU. RINO!!! REPEAL AND REPLACE ?? WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT? I'M ASHAMED I ONCE VOTED FOR YOU!
Hope cancer will do what the voters couldn't!
Can't wait until your last day, you've been nothing but an obstructionist
Why don't you be vocal about Obama, Hillary, Rice, Comey, Holder, Lynch instead of harassing president Trump because of a personal tiff.?
Your obsessed McCain. Switch sides already.
You would've been a horrible president, thank God you lost! maybe worse than Obummer!
Nope, he played the Blame Game. Again.
Hoping you just shut up!! No friend to POTUS. Just retire already.  Stay in AZ and watch the sunsets. Slink away.
Is there still someone backing this liar, warmonger, traitor, terrorist supporter...? Not even his brain does it.
You are so bias against Trump it's sickening. Should have been tougher against O. U might have won. Easier to rip your own party huh
The fact that mentally deficient leftists are your biggest supporters tells conservatives all we need to know. You will leave in disgrace.
Not likely. Hope you are doing ok. Prayers coming your way.
STOPTRYINGTO START WORLDWAR3
Unfortunately sir he won't. He's a coward and we all know it!
We know u are @SenJohnMcCain, anything to further tensions & increase likelihood of conflict. #EnemyofPeace - try supporting Trump elsewhere
Thank GOD for @realDonaldTrump But YOU are of the Devil! You support the MB & war!
Trump is a straight up traitor.  Get him out!
You finally got your way old man!  Sorry we couldn't give you WW111!
Terrorist McCain is at it again.
Signed in secret, under cover of Darkness. Here comes the pee pee tape!
Sorry, Senator, but your hopes have been dashed.
He was. But against Congress. When are you all going to get tired of him learning as he goes and our someone that knows what their doing in
He's been vocal all right.......calling Congress lame ducks.....

45 blamed the House. He maligned IC. He maliged DOJ & AG. He has never used the word "aggression" to describe Russia or Putin.
This bill is UNCONSTITUTIONAL, FYI. POTUS owes YOU NOTHING. Nor do the voters you have betrayed with your lies.
Check out this picture of McCain and Graham posing for a picture before partying with the Ukraine on New Year's Eve.  PAY FOR PLAY?????????
Senator McCain, you are LIT! Please stay that way!
Time to go:
You're nothing but a fraud. Retire you RINO! You're an obstructionist and We The People see right through you! Go away!!!
RETIRE!
You fraud.
Nixon should never have pardoned you.
You fellow soldiers despise you.
You accept  from Soros.
What was the price of your soul?
The Dems luv u !!! How about the ppl in Arizona paying 116% increase in healthcare!!!
Senator McCain, don't be a roadblock! Sign the repeal and replace Obamacare!!!!!!
Thank you senator McCain, for being a pillar for our democracy & constitution, putting country & people before Party! Be strong & God bless!
Republicans are still supporting him. They could stop him. His conflicts of interest, lack of ethics and abuse of power are impeachable @GOP
Don't hold your breath
What else can a contused man without a brain say?!
Sir, sociopath @realDonaldTrump is Russian patriot! Keep bashing great ppl like you while talking softly about murderer Putin. Look GUILTY!
We the ppl are pissed at you obstructing! We picked our prez now step aside
War monger... Hate Trump all u want lefties but realize McCain represents the old guard of neo-cons hell bent on war for profit.
He just vented his vocal spleen on GOP
John you are a fool he is blasting Congress because he had to be forced to sign.  Get real he is a traitor
with support from you how can he fail!!
Please get him out of the White House
Didn't you see when Trump went to twitter to voice his outrage at Putin throwing out 750 US diplomats? Yeah, me neither.
Did you say anything when Hillary gave them 20% off our Uranium...CRICKETS
I see nothing wrong with this Bill but the POTUS has every right to complain. You would be the first to complain if he stepped on you toes.
You're a liar. You lied to Arizonans to get re-elected. You betrayed your party and the voters. Resign immediately
McCain you have few worries on your mind right now can't you just keep your mouth shut you got you know what twisted against this President
Come on John, he had to sign it.  But thanks again for your bravery in speaking out.  #ImpeachTrump
He's got better things to get done John. America First!
That's called a compromise!!!  Maybe you should have taken his lead when it came to healthcare. You threw him under the bus!!
Shouldn't you be home with your family? Even if you weren't sick you're 80 How about someone gets a turn #TermLimits
Delete your twitter account
Unlikely. Shameful that he trashed Congress to the world. So embarrassed.
You're Bat Shit Cra Cra @capturedone #tokoyorose #gotnobrainforcancertotake
Aren't u dead yet?John u killed so many of our soldiers nd u helpd North Vietnam with propaganda.u shld nevr hav gotn a silvr star,u knw tht
Traitor
Thank you John!
The American people are still waiting to hear what it is exactly Russia did
You are supporting the signing of a bill based on a lie that Russia interfered in our election. Sounds like you're the aggressor! #sethrich
Crashed 2 planes,nd u wernt a test pilot.shlda nevr been allowed bck in a COCKpit nd still fired a missile on deck nd killd 100s nd wathced
Our soldiers,on our aircraft carrier u fire a fckn missile on kill 100s of our frends,blind nd maim 100s more.I wz there!can't hide tht john
Who wz it tht beat ther own face to holy hell so they cldnt b used as propaganda.u wernt tortured nd u shlda nevr been in a plane....
U killd my frends http://john.now  u hav mnths left 2 live.ur gona meet all of our old soldiers nd frends,nd I'l be rite ther
You know what I like about McCain? Nothing.
McShame still so bitter. Just go away. you've lied to Arizonans and Americans enough.
LOL John.  You think we are so stupid?  We know own by Soros and Deep State.  Many creditable news sources.  Started Trade War. Oil and gas
Why don't you stop bashing President Trump!
Pretty pathetic Sen McCain, no explanation to American people, just sanctions. How much is Ukraine & EU & KSA paying you?
Sweet Jesus tumour, what are you doing? How long does it take to kill this war mongering vermin.
A complete history of #JohnMcCain calling for #war around the world.
Of course you're glad. Anything that means more heightened US-Russian tensions and the furtherance of Cold War 2.0, McInsane is all for it.
lol and what aggression would that be? If Russia armed Latin Americans that'd be similar to what obama did in the Middle East to Russia.
There is a special place in hell for corporate war mongering.
YOU AR WORSE THAN HITLER !!!
Why would he risk his billions of dollars he could get from Russia
You are the worst in the history of the Republican party, shame, shame on you#retire pls
McCain the warmonger you seem to enjoy the killing of people but a war with Russia is simply stupid even your safety is not guaranteed
Give it a rest, as long as you're around, we'll struggle for any peace and a settled period.
What makes you think he'll start being vocal about Russian aggression now? What will you and the Senate do to hold him accountable?
America doesn't like the taste of it's own medicine !
What a screwball!
doubt it
I bet you are pissed he nixed funding for your pet terrorists?
Ya.... it's the time to stop Russian & Iranian interferences and aggression against innocent people in Syria and other parts in the world.
Remember this #ArabSpring tweet? You were WRONG, John. #RussiaSanctions is bad business for US #Government. @MedvedevRussiaE @PutinRF 
Please join @robportman & call out Sec. Tillerson for not funding State Dept. Global Engagement Center to counter ISIS & Russian propaganda.
Retire
You Americans need to get over the fact that Russia is not a threat #obsessed
Your brain tumor affects your mind. Retire before you cause further harm.
"Russian aggression" close 2 its borders or US aggression over huge oceans and lands leaving millions of casualties?
U r 2 old senator.
I hope you will be as vocal about repealing Obamacare as you were a few years ago.
Interesting how the White House and the Kremlin voiced similar ideas on the new Russian sanctions!
"God will smite you , you whited wall" You can lie and cheat, and bribe, and support terrorists but God sees your pathetic soul and heart
Russian aggression= HOGWASH! GARBAGE! UKRAINE A COUP D'ETAT BY SOROS FUNDED OBAMA AND GLOBALISTS. POROSHENKO A NEO NAZI PUPPET OF OBAMA
Exactly!
You are a traitor.Your health care vote was driven by revenge. You are not POTUS, Trump is. You have a dangerous World War II mindset. #MAGA
You are a fraud and a traitor in the eyes of the true patriot. Especially Vietnam veterans! The day you are gone is a good day.
When will you do the right thing and resign you liar neocon war monger?
Can't believe I voted for you.
Messages was about @SenJohnMcCain not @POTUS
RETIRE
Traitor McCain unconstitutional and sealed POW records got our guys killed in Vietnam
ASS hole
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
Hope you go away fast.
Like how you were vocal about repealing ACA but refused to sign off on it? #hypocrite. #repealMcCain
La Russia sta facendo una politica oltremodo non reattiva, paziente e tendente a pacificare, a trovare soluzioni.Lei parla di aggressione...
I hate the day I voted for you. 
You should have voted yes. You don't have a conscience for Americans. You are more than a RINO.
One could only hope but I won't hold my breath. Could you just take over for him, thanks :)
Ouch! True that!
He won't but I like your optimism.
POTUS held back when you alone put thumbs down to Healthcare repeal. I guess you have no class.
#RepealJohnMcCain 
Ewe are the poster boy for #TermLimits 
You rock !
let's hope cancer does it's job. Never deny God knows what's best for this country. #MAGA
Can't get past the fact the American ppl voted 4 him but when u ran you lost. We didn't believe in u & still don't.  U r an obstructionist
We have had over a year talking about Russia! It's now time for you to take care of us Americans. Drain the leeches from our country.
Russian PM said plans will be put in place to removed him from power- payback time??
thank you for your service. You ARE an #AmericanHero, and thank you for your powerful response to @POTUS 
Retreat. PLEASE We are begging. Stop fighting against POTUS. Please , We are begging.
@POTUS do you understand that Congressmen, Senators and Judges of the Supreme Court are not your subordinates. This isn't The Apprentice.
