I'm glad you are fighting, but your judgement is skewed.  You are further damaging your reputation..
Yes, stay strong and positive. Praying for all cancer patients. Thanks Senator for doing what is right!
Watched hearing silently for hrs w/grandson
family sleeping
As you silently signaled last vote I forgot
began cheering loudly woke everyone
John will be gone within a year maybe then we can get obamacare repealed
God Bless Senator John McCain a great American in war and in politics and I am sure in family. McCain family, thank you for sharing John
Tell me why was he so great in war?
Bc he volunteered he did his duty and was honorably discharged

Voted mo becase he wamts regular order, a bipartisan way of working on it
He knew the ACA and TRUMPCARE have major flaws

I have great health care
We're Democrats,both admire your Heroism,
record of standing up for beliefs
Both of us said "you became WARRIOR/HERO
for all generations"!
How about fighting for what the American people voted for instead of personal revenge on POTUS! Do the RIGHT thing, if that's even possible.
I did not vote for the chaos he brought to America for the last six months.
The chaos is caused by BHO's deep state & RINOs like McCain &not by POTUS. Reminds me of David v Goliath. This is a coup! Wake up America!
And #McCain turned the decks of his buddies aircraft carrier into #HadesOnTheSea to prove it.  #TotalJack___
What principles?? He's a liberal and I'm so sick of him and the other liberals who claim to be Republicans
One thing, your principles are Soros principles. Time & time again, you have proven that loyalty to the Democrats agenda.Hate/envy of Trump
#retire
Bullshit. @SenJohnMcCain hasn't found for anything but sucking up.

Because you can -- cancer is the ultimate beast pushing you toward what is good & right while you have time; know this b/c cancer survivor
Yes - Senator,thank you! 
#KeepKidsCovered 

PS &thx to @maziehirono !
Can't fight for what you don't have, puppet
How short are people's memories...do some History on McCain
Talk about tooting your own horn a little too much
fighting for his principles that's the best laugh I had all day
And lies to his constituents
Are many cancer patients who haven't been able to pay bills under current healthcare system, the one Sen. McCain allowed to stay in place!
Hey John- don't really care how you leave just want you to leave! Way over time you quit acting as a Republican in drag and admit u r a Dem
Please don't fight just resign so we can get a healthy younger senator
The happiest day of my life will be when you shut the Senate door behind you FOR GOOD. You're a traitor to AZ & a traitor to our country.
So if he ran on repeal and replace than why cant he and the others who ran on it and were voted in not get it done. ANSWER THEY LIED

At this point wish you had Obamacare
Just hate for Trump is not a "principal"
Very grateful for your courage and true sense of what a "decent" American should be. You make conservatism an elegant thing.
We don't get service a Mayo Clinic.. We have stupid Obamacare. No more. Get sick your getting the bill.
Here's to science and health insurance! Sad most of GOP doesn't believe in either.
He had no principles. He lets his emotions rule him. Sign of a weak man.
His principles = $$$$ and power no compassion for the 116% health care cost, 7 years hell  WW2 took less time sad little man
What if his principles are at odds with mine?
You don't fight for us the Republican middle class ,U r not a Republican,Please resign ,tell me how's your health insurance,TRAITOR
Thanks for sharing this and sending you healing thoughts Maverick
Keep fighting senator. And fight to rid us of Trump/Pence and Russia
Barbara, thank U 4 your story.    Sen McCain, our country thanks U 4 your courage at home, on Senate floor & Nam.   4 U as U battle C.
Goddamned liar. https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/891069999821017088/video/1 …
It's evident that da cancer is BEATING & EATING up ur pathetic brain @SenJohnMcCain. RETIRE WHILE U STILL HAVE SOME SELF-DIGNITY LEFT
What? Fights like Hell to stab America in the back.? He hates President @realDonaldTrump and let that affect his ridiculous vote on OCare.
Sir this is pretty sad on your part ... I guess his principles are lying and screwing the American People... Sorry, but he's a liar!! SAD
God is punishing you for being a war monger, repent.

I'm going to have to block your old corrupt as*.
You have no Principles Senator your only principles are to yourself not to the folks who elected you. THIS WILL BE YOUR LEGACY  OBSTRUCTION!
We are praying for you Senator!  Get well soon!
I know you have far to go and I pray for you on every step you take You have always and will always be my hero 
I wish you well as many of us have beat cancer!  Just resign so our country can improve
Mr. McCain should focus on his health and NOT hold up any more votes with Chuckles Schumer & dun dem. That was quite a stunt on HCARE VOTE!

Organic food is a must fighting cancer Good Luck!
Go for it big guy. You have our prayers.
Sur he does fight for schumer and pelosi.
McCain since your not doing anything worthwhile..look into why my cable internet is so high..this might keep you out of the DEMS house
He's fighting for his life. Screw you and your cable.
... Talk about cancer all you want but you armed and funded terrorists in Syria.
Which have changed several times over the years I hate he is fighting cancer but he would make a better democrat
Retire please. Many people facing cancer don't get this much ass kissing.
He's abandoned his principles.
Chemo is a tough road, you got this. I wish you would have fought for is sooner. I hope you get a chance to foz what's broken I'm the ACA <3
Make everyday fulfilling by transforming bipartisanship into a partisanship effort to make ACA affordable for everyone [using phone contact]
I had cancer Senator, so thank you for allowing me a chance to get treared again if it ever  comes back.  Wish you well in your treatment.
He HAS no principles!That's his 1st problem,Next He's a LIAR, Finally & most importantly, the people SEE him exactly 4 what he is; a Traitor
His principles must have gotten lost on healthcare
May the gods grant you health and positive energy.
McCain has no principles cancer is his karma he can fight but he might as well give in like he did with vietnemese.songbird traitor!!
Get well soon, sir... We NEED you in DC :-)
What principles?
Is war a 'principle'?
Sending love!  Can someone please tell me why Congress has not revived 28 U.S. Code § 595 so that Mueller can't be "fired" by Trump?
You fight like hell to line your pockets with money
Arizona voters need to file a class action law suit against you for voter fraud.
Just kick the bucket already and save us the time and hassle of voting u out.

Sir , Thank you ! Get well
He fought against it when it mattered.
A man who LIES to get elected,then BETRAYS the people..HAS NO PRINCIPLES! That's YOU JOHN! NO HONOR!
excellent article. Thank you so much for sharing it. It takes courage & u r a winner!
He fights to protect his colleagues in the Democratic Party
@SenJohnMcCain has no principles He'll tell you a lie to get re elected Border wall? Repeal and replace?
He also fights like hell to destroy a President that the republican voters voted for 
Well said.
"His" principles.
Beating Cancer?  Principals?  Fiction?
If only you had political courage.
RETIRE!
What principles?
