Again. Bipartisan? What do you know about that?! 9 years an obtructionist is your legacy!
Update on the healthcare prob. Called aca and dont qualify bc my ibns ended on 5/31 more than 60 days..im in a rock n hard place here
Please Do No Harm to the people who need medical insurance the most.

Like U care about our healthcare! U betrayed Americans once again with your NO vote! Songbird never changes his colors! TRAITOR!
While you waste your time consulting and doing nothing Arizonans are stuck with unaffordable monthly premiums. Lot of talk and no walk.
Thanks for continuing to a be a force for good, Senator McCain
for you @SenJohnMcCain
At least, repeal the penalty for those of us who cannot even get healthcare due to the broken system they call "The Marketplace".
You shouted for years that you had a plan ready and given the opportunity you would repeal and replace immediately.  So it was all a lie!
As an American I'm ashamed that @realDonaldTrump insulted you last night  He has no morals. 
What r u talking bout? There was no insult, just truth. McCain was the traitor who's been cavorting w/Dems w/his 1 vote
BS - how could professional politicians on rich govt benefits know a damn thing about healthcare coverage..please just retire
Question is will you throw a wrench into the works again?
God, bless you. You just keep working and staying on the high road.
Traitor! Who owns you, Soros?
Yes! He's a rino
I had to ask my husband what a rhino was.  If Trump is a Republican, I'd rather be a rhino. Leave John McCain alone.  He's a hero & patriot.
You did influence a very thoughtful direction of Bill, let everyone play a part. Healthcare is imperative for the longevity  of USA!!!!!!
Where were you on your yes vote/@SenJohnMcCain, with all due respect, I'm not sure if your decisions are clear,I pray you are feeling well
So are you gonna help us or help the deep state and stay with the resistance? Is that gonna be your legacy? Just screw it at the end!!
Yes sir. Let's work together.
McCain please continue to do what you can to help bring America together again. WE MUST WORK TOGETHER:HEALTH CARE.BRINGING DEBT DOWN. THANKS
Cuck
Ur all talk/no action,proven over&over,nothing 4 us,ur paycheck 4 u.thanks 4 nothing while Trump pushes on with all ur restraints on him
You are only conservative at election time! I was once a huge McCain supporter, but today I think you are a traitor to your party!
BS !! You might be a war hero but it stops there! you will be written in history books as the man that choked on HC ! Megan must be proud
War Hero?.??Who needed a Pardon from Pres.Nixon for breaking under torture, giving up intel AND making Enemy Propoganda broadcasts? TRAITOR
Such BS! U really let us down but seems you will do fine with Dem support. Glad u receive the best healthcare - we owe that. Too bad for us!
Ha and all republicans
I'm hope to see hopefully GOP will work in a bipartisan way for the American people
That's what we hoped, alas @DNC refuses and obstructs EVERYTHING. #LOSERS
I find it incredible you have NO COMMENT on Trumps lambasting every office holding Arizonan Republican. Where is your fight? It was abusive!
Umm, have you seen the way Flake @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain has lambasted @POTUS ?? A book even ! #WakeUp

God help us all if u r involved. America get ready for knife in our back.
IN TRUMP WE TRUST
RINO
Senator McCain, U must support the USA n fight to impeach this horrible excuse 4 un-human. I pray for ur quick win over cancer. God Bless U.
we just need govt out of our business. Govt created the mess. Govt is the root of most of our problems in the USA
And by the way, "why are you not using the Phoenix VA hospital, or any VA Hospital for that matter, w/your current health issues?"

Please retire
Ypu lie like an old dog
@SenJohnMcCain when will our veterans receive exemplary health care like you do?
You must be aware of those dying while waiting for care.
What so you can vote against it again
You're not too worried about Americans healthcare because you have a Cadillac plan.
#Termlimits 
you must explain your vote/ we asked you to vote yes w our vote to office/ now please do your job/ don't get personal
we are all sorry for your illness but  u must vote as we voted / you cannot represent your personal opinions but ours
doctors not lawyers should be writing bill
The "health insurance" you killed earlier? Bipartisan? You and you dem friends "chucky, nancy, maxie and johnny, the 4 piles of garbage.
