I, too, have prayed for you. I still pray for you. And now that I see the spiteful, bitter man you've become, I'm praying for you to leave.
Thank you for your service past and present. Even in your most difficult time you continue to serve. God bless!
And America thanks you for.....   NOTHING!!!
This POTUS is trying to stack the deck on repealing ACA. Please don't let this happen without strong replacement. Need more no votes.
@SenJohnMcCain I sincerely hope you are doing well..you look good! I also hope Congress can protect us from unfit, dangerous Trump! I....
always believed that was one of the most important jobs Congress had...but..I don't think they are going to do it! @SenateMajLdr .....
& @SpeakerRyan are acting like everything is just fine & nothing abnormal is going on! #WeThePeople CANNOT sleep! WE ARE IN DANGER IN ....
MANY WAYS!! Trump WILL start a war if he thinks it will distract or that he can, in some way, get rid of Congress & become dictator!!!
Thank you Sen. McCain for being the voice America needs to hear. You are a man of integrity, honor, grit and loyalty. God Bless you.
Keep fighting Sen. McCain, even though I am not a Rep. Our country desperately needs you and my thoughts and prayers go with you and yours
keeping you in my prayers
I disagree with you, but I'm pulling for you. God bless your family.
Good luck with all your future endeavors.
Thank you for supporting the Republican Party, thank you for betraying us, thank you for showing us how to back stab, thank you for nothing!
The Media whore speaks and the liberal republicans listen and cheer but they will lose because God choses rulers and Trump won not McStain
I love you I supported you I voted for you but I'm so ashamed of your no vote . Dems will only want their agenda no compromise John
Go pound sand McCain, I am so feed up with liars and hypocrites in politics. You lied to us, You lied about repealing obamacare.
Sen. McCain, you are a very humble & grateful man!  You are an example of how people should behave. Looking forward to your return!
RINO !!! Incompetent sniveling worm 
No matter what you say you still need to RESIGN!!!
BOT ALERT!!! BLOCK!!
I love you Senator McCain and thank you for your love and service to this country.  I pray for your recovery from cancer, and always 
Senator,you're such a good man
Thank you so much for your service to this country for the many years you have served in the military & in Congress.
Change the R to Dem.  Very disappointed.
Fight hard for your health. God bless you!
You have given a good service of leadership, thanks to you
do u ever shut up.  wait - maybe when u are kissing lindsay
Hang in .. You are tough and we need you.

Thank you for standing up for what you believe in....I wish that were the ethical expectation of Congress
Such a liar! 30 years with nothing to show for it ! Please resign!
Senator, I'm so sorry that there are people in this world who are so cruel! I want to thank you for your service to this country. Fight on!
AND OF COURSE
Best piece of advice EVER! Read Norman Cousins' book "Anatomy of an Illness" 79 WW Norton! A must read! MUST read! Written for you!
Do the right thing, quit now! You're not well thought of, nor respected, nor wanted! Your time is long overdue, come and gone so just leave!
You're America's hero, John McCain!! 
Hope you are feeling better. PLEASE pay attention to how erratic, Foolish, and unpredictable Donald Trump is acting. 25th Amendment applies.
Please just retire and go home!!!"
Thinking of you. Your courage is inspirational. I hope to meet  challenges in my life with same strength of character. A cancer survivor.
Praying for a full and speedy recovery! God bless you!
Nothing but respect- from a dem. I may not always agree with your policy but I certainly respect your dedication and decency.
Too funny. I'm glad he can laugh at those who want him to die but not right away. Life in politics!
Please resign
Haters gonna hate. John McCain says what he thinks.
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
I see the liberals love you. You won't have a job next year.
I don't want you to die, That would be wrong.  I JUST WANT YOU TO GO AWAY #fakerepublican
Get well soon traitor. When you switching to Democratic Party?

People who are outraged over his repeal & replace bill are NOT haters. He betrayed American people out of personal revenge. Who's the hater
Please do the patriot thing and leave the senate.  Your liberal actions indicate a deteration of your health.  For your good and the country
Wishing you a speedy death. 
you're only thanking Democrats... and 10%  percent of Republicans who're RINOS for the well wishes......your whole life has been a JOKE
Wishing you the best of health, Sir! You are a national treasure!
Thank YOU for your service to our country.  Please take care of yourself too!
Your welcome John God bless you; now retire because you are useless in the Senate except for Keeping your foot on the drain plug..voteuout18
Gee some of these paid trump commenters/haters have learned how to make mean scary gifs.  They shall burn in hell! Just kidding!
Disgusting not having our Presidents back! Get over your hurt feelings. A man who truly loves his country puts it's people first not his ego
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
I can definitely use some help I've been tortured for 2 years without no help and I'm practically paralyzed please help
Set a reminder goes that are messed up that can't get help what are we supposed to do lay down and die we do wish you the best
Keep stating your views. We trust YOU
They trusted him too!!! http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
A legend in your own mind.  Look over there John, a camera- better run to get in front of it. Even better it's your favorite - CNN
How you love the camera! Sell out your party for your love of self promotion.  Vote him out!
Just curious, did you read that whole bill? Why are you mad he voted no? He read it. I am really just curious, not trying to be rude.
We may not agree on most things political but I will never question your love for country.  Stay strong, get well give, and give cancer hell
Praying for complete healing
you are no hero you traitor real veterans know the truth
Please resign! You are hurting our country, not the President.
The only hate, is the hate McCain has for the avg American citizen...we are 2nd to his politics and his political power desire
To end your political life as a never Trumper and the Savior of Obama care remember your recent campain, repeal and replace But you saved it
Just stop
Lots of dem love for you Mr. McCain. Congrats! I'm an AZ resident and I hope you retire. Not another wasted vote for you.
Please retire
I don't hate anyone, sir...I just do not respect #JohnMcCain. He needs to #Resign
#Resign McCain, we have a leader in the @WhiteHouse @POTUS
I found this
  just. so. beautiful.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain! God Bless you!

I hope this isn't goodbye. I'm pretty sure you've reached the top of the heap.
THANK GOD U VOTED YOURSELVES A RAISE & GOOD INSURANCE.UNLIKE YR CONSTITUENTS That you all were too lazy 2 fix! Most sick peop get 7 days off
Good Luck to you American Hero&THANK YOU !!
Don't agree with your policies, but still have tremendous respect for you. I'm pulling for you!
Lol..the haters tell them to kiss your grass...lol
I  want you to live as long as your sweet, feisty and incredible mother!
You must be his mother
LoL only hate against McCain is his gaffes, as if they have never committed any gaffes.
You disgust me! You're a liar and have no honor.
RETIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can't support  you .As a Republican  I consider you a traitor to. Other Republicans  your legacy. And your  country.
So stop talking crap about our president and get with the program
Retire RETIRE RETIRE RETIRE #TURNCOAT
In the end GOD made Ted (the killer) kennedy suffer 
Just like he is collecting his due from you.. you owe you pay.
You lied people died
The great leaders I’ve seen don’t threaten unless they’re ready to act and I’m not sure President Trump is ready to act,” McCain ASK MATTIS!
What I don't get is the brain cancer thing, would'nt you need a brain for that???
no no no right away is fine, your confused again
.@realDonaldTrump @gop Hero to ZERO John - resign is the only honorable thing you can do now, retain a little dignity and go;You are NOT FIT
I KNOW WHAT IT IS LIKE TO HAVE SOME FEAR AND BE SAD.!BUT WHEN YOU KNOW GOD IS ON YOUR SIDE !FEAR AND SADNES FADE AWAY! GOD IS ON YOUR SIDE
And thank you for your service to our country!
Praying for you. You are a strong person and can beat cancer. Like @BarackObama said, give it hell!
What makes me really sad is this man, Jihn McCain, could have been POTUS had he not picked Sarah Palin as his running mate. He is an Am Hero
Best wishes for a full and uneventful recovery.
You are hurting the very people who supported you in 2008.  You have failed us.
U R Welcome @SenJohnMcCain Now U&Your fellow #RINOS can get out of our way b/c WE #TrumpTrain Support @POTUS & His/Our Agenda 100%NOT YOU
Thanks for your help with the health care vote. Keep making a difference for average Americans. People over party over our crazy president
Yea thank you for lining your pockets from democrates.
This democrat has plenty of haters.
Mr McCain I'm an old vet. myself and I love you. Please don't thank us. It's we who thank you
@Gwpass1 No sir McCain, we are the lucky ones to have you. 
Couldn't wait to jump in front of the fake media again could you?   Showboater, RHINO. VOTE MCCAIN OUT!
How about you just retire!
We hope you continue to fight.   You have courage and that is needed in the USA
Get well soon
I think your real statement, is that we must go back to ways we legislated before. Committees w/ both Rep & Dems, discussion, changes. Agree
I pray for you, as a nurse I know about glioblastomas. I am angry at Ron Johnson, WI, questioning your judgement w/ health care vote. Sorry.
I believe I have fallen hopelessly in love with Hero, Senator Mc Cain and I am a lifelong Democrat.
I'm a Democrat thru and thru but you has always had my undying respect and admiration. Prayers for you and your family!
@BarackObama saluted you for saving Obamacare. You, Ted Kennedy are bedfellows. #liars
bye John -
No one hates u , they just want u to support your OWN party. You know,Schumer would NEVER put up with this behavior among his caucus
Get well soon @SenJohnMcCain 
Hang in there, Mr. McCain.
Thank you! Get well. We need you to impeach Trump. He is a clear and present danger to our nation and her people. Do it now, for the kiddos.
I agree. We need @SenJohnMcCain ! Need to impeach Trump so we may keep our children, and grandchildren safe.
Never been a fan but your strength and ability to mentally over come so much to help the people of this country has made me a huge FAN!
Too bad you have to display such a hateful countenance Senator. Time to make peace.
Show us how it's done, Sir
Love u and pray for good health. Forgive how badly u hurt Repeal and Replace. Never been so disappointed n elected official!
THANKS! for your decisive vote on the skinny bill, which stilled an assault on the best healthcare that millions of Americans have ever had.
Don't resign because the people told you to resign if you want to I hope you can make it to 2023
You are admired by people from all over the world because you try so hard in all that you do for your country and because you tell the truth
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain  I hope you can beat glioblastoma
You are a true hero, God's speed in your healing Sen.
Be well and thank you for everything!  We need more patriots in our Country at this time in history...stay in touch!
Since you have aligned with the Democrats, please have some dignity and resign from your position and the Republican party.
Wonder why this is from USA Today hum might  be because they like RINO'S.
Mentally ill.
That was so cute of you to thank the Democratic party. How special!
I thought this was a retirement video. Oh well maybe the next one ....
Great person and big Mc. Wish you fast recovery. We need you!
Your a good man Senator McCain...could use more like you in congress or anywhere for that matter.
You should have been president, get well soon!
Sounding a bit like Lou Gherig, you both obviously have a great amount of character, can't wait for to get back to the Senate and play ball!

He's a traitor to the people who killed 133 innocent sailors and got away with it. He should be in jail.
Hard to believe he got bit by a cobra above it eye....
Keep fighting like John McCain!
Thank you, Sir. Hang in there. We need you. There aren't very many honorable men left in D.C. and you are the first among them! #Respect
God bless you
I wish you all the very best at this difficult time! I sure hope everything goes well for you so you can kick Trump's *ss some more! 
Thanks for your service, hope you have  a speedy recovery I'm a life long Dem, but respect you so much.
U seem to be one of the most rational and clear from decisions. #RESPECTMcCAIN.
Thank you Sir for so many years of your service good diligence and your tenacity to make our country a better country!!
McCain seeking praise from anyone who will give it. And like the rest of his life, praise for doing nothing.
Look John..you've betrayed us TOO MANY TIMES! GO HOME! Take care of your illness! And let THE PEOPLE try to FIX THE MESSES politicians MADE!
Simple American Hero
Thank you john .from a life long Democrat
This comment should tell you that you are doing a horrible job @SenJohnMcCain
Always admired your integrity. Not so much your politics. Certainly love your sense of humor. Be the one to GO WELL and GO LONG.
Your failure to repeal and replace ObamaCare has hurt my family. Your spending our retirement to pay for ObamaCare. Please!
God bless you Senator McCain.
Thank you Senator. If we're going to survive as a country sanity must prevail!
Our thoughts are with you sir. Your convictions to your beliefs even when bucking your party to do what is right for the country is admired.
You're an American hero and admirable senator.  If the other 99 thought like you the senate would work together to improve America

Go away!
