@seeinginfrared
Yes, austerity is shattering our military readiness.
.Retire and give America a break
Regardless of this mans politics which you don't have to like he is an American hero. Shame on you.
.A time and place for everything and his time has come and long gone
I'm not a fan of his politics but the man is a hero and deserves respect
.He is a traitor in more than A couple ways
Says the man that never served.
But they still should have had enough training to look at radar and maybe even look out the window so they could see a huge tanker
For God's sake RESIGN McCain. Your are nothing but trouble for the country.
No wonder our ships can't stop wrecking and the planes keep falling from sky too.
Or worse, does this reflect a general laxity in Pacific force?
yes.
But are the certifications important or relevant? Most training in the Navy is plainly BS.
There will be a mandatory SHARP stand-down.  Your AT lvl-1 is expired, and DTS kicked your voucher back. No one is released until complete.
Don't forget your mandatory Trafficking in Persons training.
Damnit!!!
Just what the enemy wanted to know
A Dem paid Steele to collude with Russians to produce fake dossier on Trump. We know creep McCain turned it over to the "bad cop" Comey?
Can this creep McCain just go away?
That is scary!
He thinks he has no responsibility. He has OVER sight Change his name to HEADLINE McCain,Senator implies leadership.No leadership fromMcCain
Even more disturbing is John McCain, a piece of unAmerican trash who has made a career of selling out constituents to special interests.
Thank you Obama.. not
So can that be tied in to the series of collisions in the Pacific this year?
The military has plenty of money to fix this. Stop paying Northrop Grumman VPs hundreds of thousands per year. Private sector sucks.
Hey john you ever notice the ship named after you Is the biggest heap of shit in our navy :-) just saying
Haven't you been the Chairman of the Armed Services Committee for a while now?  Do you job!!!
Hey, you promised to repeal Obamacare. Dr Kelli Ward would have kept her promise. Please resign.
VOTE NO the the graham cassidy bill.  The GOP can do better by us or they will suffer in 2018.

McCain & Flake too busy virtue signaling to meet with a constituent/mom of slain cop when she makes the trip to DC. http://trib.al/TpWlKaq 
 Graham-Cassidy repeal bill is a horrorshow. McCain saying he'd vote FOR it is dangerous. Call Congress; say NO REPEAL 202-224-3121 
You are what is wrong with the Republican party. You are like an employee who has become discontent and does nothing but complain.
you won't be handing out medals to your buddies this year old boy
Russian airpower kills 200 #ISIS militants, destroys 4 tanks in one day https://aml.ink/YKkpB  #DeirEzzor #Russia #Syria
there you go just a reminder of the good old days
Repeal Obamacare. Cut taxes
Please do not abandon our fight for health care you were our our hero don't undo that
Hey John McCain you have nothing to say you're a traitor. We all hate you for your vote you need to stand for something not yourself
And what have you done about the military budget? Just offer tweets? Do something.



CARL VINSON STRKGRP poised in Arabian Sea 2 hit terror-sponsor Pakistan. View: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhvbW05TqHc …
Read: https://www.amazon.com/Operation-Al-Nagrib-Hunter-Karen-Sanders-ebook/dp/B01DQLHF6G/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1504373615&sr=8-1&keywords=Operation+al-Nagrib …
Hey John McCain you have nothing to say you're a traitor
Please help me rohingya Muslim myanmar#
Thank You president phuking obama...What a sack o shit
Thank You president phuking obama...What a sack o shit
How does that happen?!
What Rhino John isn't tweeting about: Democrat Senator Bob Menendez is facing a federal bribery trial this week
SO WHAT? RU GOING 2KEEP SPENDG TAXPAYER$$2 FUND DACA/MEDICAID/FREE LUNCHES OR BUILD UP OUR MIL2COMPETE W/CHINA, DOPE?GO HOME JOHN.SIT DOWN J
Does the fat man know? Tell him NoKo will have to wait for war until Japan pays for navy like Mexico pay for wall.
Disturbing stat: John McCain elected for a sixth term in the Senate having put his best interests ahead of Americans for 30 years.
How could this happen?
Thank you, Senator McCain! Regards.
News story I heard today said constant use of CRs has devastated the budget and planning process undermining preparedness. #regularorder
Why would you think it was different?  Maybe you should spend more time passing a godamn budget and less time campaigning with moose hunters
Where is the congressional oversight?
Shouldn't be a surprise. We have neglected our Navy / Military for years.
Why worry.  Our biggest concern is building a damn wall.
Why is this news to YOU and your committee in Congress? Are you all asleep at doing your DUTY. Another Hanoi FLYOVER, SENATOR? MAN UP!!!
Armed service committee sleep at the wheel #MCcain
John, this looks like BS cover-up to basic seamanship that all learn in basic training. There's no excuses for lack of basic naval operation
That can't be good. What's the path forward, Senator?
Go away , TRAITOR
That failure starts at the top. Admirals not emphasizing importance of combat readiness!! You can bet every NK soldier is!Combat ready wins!
John McCain is an asshole No wonder His daughter went into hiding You have ruined her life Good thing there is money or she be is real trlb
This had to occur on Obamas and your watch and you apparently did nothing. So now you're concerned? So you've been worthless all along.
Your usefulness expired along time ago
It's too bad the McCains not on the arm services committee,… Oh yeah he is. Maybe someone younger who would've been more diligent
Maybe if you stopped trying to be president and do your job as a senator we could correct this that obama did
#EndDACA
#CongressDoYourJob
#DPRK

#SenJohnMcCain, It's not that difficult to say goodbye and walk away, let history be your judge.
This is very disturbing considering what the world is going through right now!!
You are a disturbing stat.
Thank your pal Obama for that
Defund ppact say no to murdering innocent lives with taxpayer money

Does the GOP congress realize how angry the grassroots are at them? 

Was with 200 grassroots leaders last night. Never seen base so angry
Have you advised @realDonaldTrump I think this is better sent in a formal letter to your Commander in Chief. Problem and resolution. Right?
