So does this mean you're retiring?
@Echo_VERITAS echo_very are one sick person
I’m not 4 corruption, just know throwing everything out, doesn’t make everything better. Attacking a war hero, because u don’t agree
If that were that case I would agree with you. John McCain has swapped sides and gone against his promises. The truth needs no defense.
There should b no sides. He is abiding by his oath to the constitution of USA. He has no oath to lock step with party.
GOP is not following oath 2 constitution, but attempts 2 allow no discussion except what they want. That’s against their oath 2 constitution
And no mention of the Democrats. What I see in your comments are that you want to RINOs gone just like I do. The establishment must go.
True #hero & example of lifetime public #service & sacrifice! I haven’t always agreed with your positions but I appreciate strong character!
He was NOT a hero.
YES he was a hero. Now go read a book and educate yourself. If you can't afford it, try the library...someone there will help you find one on McCain.

BS
Good rebuttal... 

http://sojkascall.blogspot.com/2008/09/mccain-and-kerry-block-pow.html?m=1 …

The level #ignorance by #trumptrain disturbing & #sad! Pushing #lies #conspiracytheory maligning #warhero to support #liar #draftdoger! #sad
Sen McCain, as a 22 year active Army (Ret) vet, I respect your service. However, zero respect for u as a Senator or alleged "public servant"
CONGRATULATIONS! Thank you for always standing up for our country. Like @JoeBiden I didn't always agree but I knew country came first. 
You mean his EGO came first...then USA
Thank you
I appreciate that. But can you take the knive out of my back before you finish
That would be "knife" unless @SenJohnMcCain and I were each wielding one. In which case it would be "knives."
Man you have a lot of thime on your hands
No, sir. That would be "time." I have no idea what "thime" is. But in fairness, all I've done is respond to what you've posted to me.
His globalist agenda has fallen. He is an angry man. No NWO.  AT LEAST for now. MAGA
Yes, it is past time you retire
God bless you for all of  your service & sacrifices for our country.
Thank you for your service.
60 years! Why are you do disrespectful to our president? U a Republican really. Grow up and stop this petty crap. You work for me!
Gosh you do seem so very god like.
60 years of doing nothing but getting rich

And, have done more nothing.
We love you @SenJohnMcCain and I'm glad you're MY Arizona Senator taking the stances you are taking at this volatile time in America.
We are most grateful, my second most favorite vet, second only to my grandpa, who paid the ultimate sacrifice, in ww2, army
You are truly amazing and I know in my heart of hearts that this country is better in part because of your contributions. God bless you
Time to go
We aren’t! Shouldn’t be too long now!
Ur the best person in the Democratic Party
No. The Democrats remember Sarah Palin.
I am sorry I ever voted for you! You talk out of both sides of your mouth. When you ran for prez you said repeal &replace then you voted no!
Like most Trumpers, you're confused.  McCain ran for President 2 years BEFORE ACA (2010) There was no healthcare law to "repeal and replace" in 2008.
She might the timing wrong but as soon as Obamacare was in place  he wanted to repeal and replace #americafirst
Did I say differently? Why No I didn't, thank you very much.
You are loved truly
Self serving is not service, it is simply self serving in the name of service. You did everything DeConcini lied about and more
Some people don't care if you're a Democrat or Republican they only care about the character of the man and you are an honorable man
You idiot. We OVERPAY you for what you call service. You are not even close to being worth the millions you have taken from we the people.
And we thank you sir for that service.  We will always remember you for your quick wit especially
Before you ride off on your horse into the sunset how about what for America instead of your own interest?
about 40 years too long
Now get out
Saw ur response to the young rptr ... u belittled him for question u didn't like..u shld apologize for this rude behavior...!
@RandPaul John McCain is an imposter. He has all the credentials of a great American, but he's not. Benedict Arnold was also a military man.
Thank you for your service sir 
@JohnJHarwood Retire McCain. We're done with your politics.
@JohnJHarwood and we are grateful for you.
And PRIVILEGED
We love you @SenJohnMcCain . You're a good man and a great American. The GOP needs more like you.
Sell that to someone else...
Do us all a favor and resign.
Glad you will leave town soon You are a selfish B work and was born one..We cannot wait until you are totally gone forever..Az will get rep.
"Service". Is that what you call it?

Thank you for sacrificing so much for our country & 4 being bipartisan when its important. I'm a Democrat, but you offer HOPE for our future
You're nothing but a traitor and a man who betrayed a president and millions of Americans.  You're a disgrace.
Yes you have, and now it is time to retire!!!
Meanwhile you turned your back on your party and the voters of this country who gave you 2 things to do Tax reform and repeal Obamacare.
"We live in a land made of ideals, not blood and soil..”  @SenJohnMcCain ... Thank you, Sir, for your service. Words are never forgotten. 
Now that you've turned your back on the American people...IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO GO! You have jerked us around 1 to many times. Step down pls!

Then please, Sen. McCain, break with Trump & don't support his tax bill. At this point in  your career you can do anything you want. Save us
Please!
And while you are at it...why won't @SpeakerRyan Sptake Impeachment to the floor? 
Russians got Ryan too!
Help the USA

Thank you for your service to this country.  You deserve this recognition given to you by ex-Vice President Joe Biden.
Maybe we need to look into how you were compensated.

U are not trustworthy.
Thank you Senator, and thanks to your family, for your service. I hope you know how much you are loved and honored.
@getgreen52 Thank you John. You are a worthy American Hero
I am a D but never doubted your commitment to our country and patriotism.
You are so out of touch.  Where were you when Obama said we are not a great and exceptional country.  Please go home and stay there. Please
YOU ARE A PRECIOUS HERO IN MY FAMILY'S EYES. I THANK GOD FOR COURAGEOUS MEN LIKE YOU AND BOB CORKER, WHO STAND FOR COUNTRY IN LIEU OF PARTY.
Thank you for your service!
WITH OUT A SHADOW OF A DOUBT, "GOD IS SO PROUD OF YOU". DT WILL HAVE TO STAND. BEFORE GOD ONE DAY.HE WILL REAP WHAT HE SOWS.
That's just on your head. We really don't think that is correct.
THO WE WERE A DEM FAMILY. WE GAVE CREDIT WHERE CREDIT WAS DUE. U R A VERY HONORABLE MAN & I THINK YOU FOR UR SERVICE AND COURAGE GOD BLESS U
Good now retire!
I AM AN 82 YO LADY WHOSE MOTHER WAS CAMPAIGN MGR. IN KNOXVILLE TN FOR JFK, MY DAD WAS IN THE NAVY WWII. HE THOUGHT YOU WERE SO VERY SPECIAL.
JOHN, PLEASE DON'T WASTE 1 SECOND OF YOUR TIME EVEN THINKING THAT ANYONE BUT THE  IDIOTS THAT VOTED FOR HIM AGREE WITH HIM. YOU ARE LOVED
You've been a true statesman, even when I didn't agree with you. Thanks for your service to U.S., John.
IF DT WAS AN .01TH OF A MAN THAT YOU ARE, I STILL WOULD THINK THAT HE IS THE WORSE PERSON I HAVE EVER SEEN. HE DID NOT HAV THE GUTS TO SERVE
So don't you think it's time to leave. 60 years is way too long. Thank you for your service but it's way past time too leave.
I haven't always agreed with your policy but you stepped up at the times most important. Your integrity is needed  in politics.  Thank you!
And you have my utmost respect.  Thank you for your service sir.
And we honor you, sir, for all those years!!!
Thank you for your service
#Dignity
Well, WE The PEOPLE ARE NOT GRATEFUL FOR YOU, John.
So when did soros buy you off?
Sen McCain's type of brain cancer has previously been put into remission. The chemo & radiation he's had don't work:
Service?  Didn't you get paid?  Great perks?  Work 33% of the time. Poor baby.
Thank you for your service and sacrifices, the time has come for you to resign and take care of yourself. You are no longer a conservative
Thank you
You are a tired dwadling old man.By the way,You were one of the Keating 5.Where u were receiving kickbacks.For favors.
salut comment tu vas?
You are my hero.
GET WELL SOON!! WE LOVE YOU AND OUR COUNTRY NEEDS YOU TO SAVE US FROM RUSSIA/TRUMP!!!
With a handful of idiot participants you can intimidate, incite & justify the use of violence for the sake of resisting. The left loves you!
People say you'll be working til you pass on the Senate floor.  With respect, please resign & give the majority a chance to WIN for ONCE!

I know l cannot ask you to „ once more into the breach“ but we need a hero here and now! I would,but I am no one.
And we are so grateful for your service.
The #US is so lucky to have had you serve your country.
Democrats love McCain.  That’s really all you need to know
I don't often agree with your politics, but you have served the country well and heroically. Thank you for your many years of service.
Your service has never been colored by indiscretions, nor have you ever wanted anything but the best for America. I thank you
I , at first did not like you. Negative political views. 
You have changed, you see the devil, and he has taken aim at America! 
You fight!
thank you for your service! if I were your age though I think I would retire and enjoy the rest of my life without the stress of work!
America is grateful to you , sir.
Yawn....blah blah blah
Better dressed welfare recipient
You lied to get reelected. Repeal and Replace Obamacare.
Thank you for everything,  Senator!  You are truly a hero in many ways! Congratulations!
No one can deny that you answered  your country's call in a controversial  time.  Men as good as u didn't live 2 enjoy. They/we wish u well
You live with integrity.
We are grateful for your service!
The president is a putz. I hope you feel well today.
Grateful to you for your service to our country, Senator.  I haven't always agreed with you but you've earned my respect in a big way.
Thank you sir... you are truly a valued and great American hero.  Politically opposite to me, I still recognize honor and great fortitude.
I haven't always agreed with you But I truly respect you and thank you for all of your service
Nothing & no one is perfect Senator.  Perfection comes in fleeting moments and when you know what to say or do better the next time around.
There r few people left that will stand up 4 what is truly right-not what is purely partisan. U will inspire others 2 do the same. Thank you
Go away!  Please.
Yes and now it’s time to retire so we can get things done what happened to your promise to repeal Obamacare etc etc etc
It must be so wonderful to be this amazing mans daughter 
Thank you Senator, I admire your courage and integrity
Thank you Sir!
Thank you for your service to America. We are all praying for you and your family.
BUT......it is WAY too long! UR ABILITY TO REASON IS IN QUESTION! PLZ resign before you embarrass yourself more!!!
@SenJohnMcCainYou are true patriot and we are so blessed to have a great leader and honorable man like you representing ALL of us. God bless
As a Navy Veteran I and many others feel that it is time you stepped down.. It's not time to push a Globalist Agenda !!
How about you apologize to the families of all of the sailors who were onboard the USS Forestall when you started the fire that killed them.
McCain hanged on the congress for decades!! doing what?
One of the very best to serve and represent this country!!!Thank you!!!!
One of the very best to serve and represent this country 
Thank you for your service to our country.  I don't always agree with your policies, but I do respect you.  #Hero #LibertyMedal
Great now it’s time to retire
Thank you!
You are a great man, McCain, Stay blessed.
Thank you for your service, sir.
How many millions of dollars in Military jets did you crash that tax payers had to pay for? Americans are fedUP with your PC-BS lies. RETIRE
And this great nation hopes you retire and get your RINO obstructionist ass out of Congress you traitor.
Here's the latest as both sides John McCain is a traitor he's trying to hurt Republican Party the party he is not working for Arizona help
You should change back to a Democrat,you serve them very very well over the years. I do thank you for your service. My family members died.
I highly respect you senator. We might not agree on policy but your moral ground can NEVER be questioned. You're an example when we have few
How in God's name could anybody vote for Hillary Clinton she is treasonous you have no one in the military if she was in the military jail
Thank you for your service and God bless you and help you with what you are now battling. Didn't always agree with you but I know you are a good man.
We are starting to think you're more of a Democrats that are conservative either die or quit
Thank you sir
@SenJohnMcCain congratulations again Sir & thank you for your services.
Tradder. SongBird
Maybe Arizona should take actions to relieve him of his good fortune
Retire
True personalities always surface McCain's personal revenge against Pres Trump has affected every American he isn't such a hero after all??
Hated his phony speech- where was McCain the last 8 Years?? Now he is concerned about US being a leader?? Please retire.
Sen you’ve serve very well
Congratulations!

You sir are so full if it. I live in AZ & im ashamed of you. In your effort to hurt the president because you resent he could win when you
Couldn't you have screwed all of the everyday struggling people. I voted for you forever never again. People should know the truth about you
Why don't you talk about the death of all those men that died on the ship at your hand or why your known as Songbird. & pardon by Nixion.
U r nor good for . Maybe you should shift left where you belong. You lost an election, Trump won! Quit whining, support him for America 
We Americans have been the privileged ones Senator John McCain. You've been the glue of intelligence holding the Nation together.Thank you!
While I co t usually avree with your politics, I can s that you are a man of substance..
Thank you for your service
Should’ve retired 5 years ago when you were still a Republican
Note how quickly 45 put up his defenses even though McCain never once said his name. I guess he didn't like the "blood & soil" reference.
Thank you!
Thanks for your service - now please get off the stage.
RINO all sixty years too.  Only a Dems could love your voting record, every time you reach across to the Dems they cut your balls
It was the country's honor to have you serve. I hope this doesn't mean you are saying goodbye. We need you more than ever, sir.
RETIRE!!
God will reward u when your time has passed in this lifetime for all of that u have done in the service of your country--that u already know
60 years is long enough, time for you to go!
A million blessings to you Senator McCain you are an American Hero!
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting the fight! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Sheriff Joe?
This LAND Is In Jeopardy Of CRUMBLING! ALL Has and AMERICA with this SOB is Getting It's TURN! That SOB DESTINED 2 Do So! PUTIN WINS!
I wish you would enjoy retirement and your family giving someone new the opportunity to serve.
the only one who is not a patriot and nationalist is you and your fellow democrats who you look up to.There all corrupt just like you are
Up until the past couple years, I had respect for you. No more! You have become a traitor and an obstructionist to getting good things done
Thank you for your service Senator. Ignore the haters.
You can be very proud of your father, Sen John McCain! Beautiful heartfelt speech! I cried.

Congratulations John well deserved
mccain thanks all the democrats for putting him in postion to increase his wealth 10 fold in the 60 yrs as acting as republican-go hime RINO
Prime example - poster child for TERM LIMITS!!!
Thank you for your service, and for often being an open-minded, voice of reason. (From this lifelong democrat)
Time to leave- go home! Way way over due! Go away!
