You really seem to like the spotlight way too much!
Get we out this old Codger out pasture please?
Please, someone give old John another crack at answering the question: What problems is the #AHCA bill trying to solve?
GOP Sen.s: Cowardly hiding a disastrous bill you plan on voting for does not reassure citizens you're not giving them the finger.
Being an enemy wldnt wait 4 opponent 2 craft perfect strategy, whats the alternative?
YK
You need to get onboard with the rest of US
Respectfully, Sorry but I just don't Have Confidence in Mr John McCain!
Agreed, thx Mr McCain for the service both military and congress but please, time to retire dude. Your embarrassing yourself & your party!
Senator you ALWAYS complain and set back our Presidents agenda. It's NOT good for our President or country.
Please save your complaints about the functioning of the Senate for the Senators and not the public.
Not interested John!! I'm sure there is a nice retirement community you could join.....wait..... isn't that congress. #TermLimits @FoxNews
Reuse to watch Fox. As an educated Republican I prefer to think for myself.
Thanks- I'll pass
You should go for a 30 mile run as fast as you can to see how healthy that heart is.
Fox is pollution....go to another news outlet.
#Songbird  #RINO
We know you love to talk MILITARY. We want to talk ACA ACA ACA ACA .   SAVE the ACA
Sir, I respect you. But, we HAVE to do better
don't pass healthcare unless it covers all
The RINO for losers show. No thanks
How about American up???
All you do is help undermine President Trump. Just go away I am ashamed of you
Sad..sick..I don't watch FOX....
YOU USE TO HAVE MY RESPECT JOHN BUT IN LAST 14 MONTHS U HAVE LOST IT TIME TO RETIRE U HAVE LOST THE BIG PICTURE
Support Our President John!
Do you worry about mueller hiring so many liberal lawyers? I am worried!
Hope it's your resignation
NO ON TRUMPCARE!

No hearings - no vote!
Time to retire with dignity....seriously.
Reminder: Majority of public considers @Foxnews (owned Murdoch family) to be biased.  Eg: have fostered climate science denial.
IF ONLY Health Care were BIGGEST prob facing US-DPRK rels! Sadly, proposed soln fm TX...
..Carter-era protester vs Iran 'student' hostage-takers in Tehran WON'T play out:...
.."N*U*K*E  E*M . til they  G*L*O*W !!!" => Since Seoul CAN'T B shielded fm Pyongyang..
..FALLOUT, ANOTHER Strategy is req'd!! => Any brilliant ideas out there??!!
You complain about no plan for mid east yet.  GET OFF YOR A$$ and submit 1. You think u can do better than MATTIS, START WALKING & QUIT TLKG
Discuss the millions spent to defend safe seats in the senate. President at 35-36% approval and with the healthcare bill will drop to 28-30%
Can't lead Arizona by telling people their current health care sucks and costing too much $, yet want to play President ? Get out ! #MAGA 
For what John? We are no longer a country. Past great. But ,now u are for blocking voters, blocking SC choices, tricking tax cut for rich.
You need to speak out against your secret thug party's activities. No press conferences, no public hearing on healthcare bill.
Stop Folding McCain...you're ruining your legacy by continuing to speak out but not following up with action. You're not a young man....
Are you gonna show some leadership on Healthcare ?  Or just make snarky comments about Russia and do nothing ?

And a #BehindTheScenes pic' of @SenJohnMcCain ;) (Right after our meeting with his office about #Crimea with @penshark & @crimeahrg1.)
To hear you bang blah blah??? Tough talker that's all you are.
McCain is an excellent example of why we need term limits!! Same old washed up talking points!! We need new/fresh leadership for Az!
The older you get John, the less you make sense ......... Get on the GOP team will you !!!  Stop resisting and persisting --- WAKE UP !!!
No thanks, you lost me when you began closing ranks w/rest of Repubs around Trump. He is unfit to lead & you know it. Is cowardly.
Discussing the Trump coup that you are behind?
Or that tour funded by Soros?

Again McCain says absolutely noting! What a waste of time.
Your bought and paid by @georgesoros
Please retire.I can't think of the last time you said anything positive about anyone in Admin. McMaster&Matthis? Really?ur jealous stinks.

Classy photo. Now, live up to it and prove you want to help Americans.

Where is the evidence asshat??
Soros lover
Wow John! He asked about North Korea and you were doing fine until you said they interfered with our election.
I wish you were still a maverick & warrior for our democracy and the very sovereignty of our country. I wish U cared about GOP cheating
Why don't you go back to the jungle and be someone's jungle boy AGAIN.
I truly fill sorry for you, used up and just pretending to do something just to collect a check.
. Is McCain happy with anything these days?  Switch parties maybe?
You know why the healthcare bill needs privacy! You and you swamp critters 
How can there be evidence of hacking when Podesta wouldn't let you investigate the server. We all know it was Seth Rich who leaked them
John McCain has to be heavily medicated.
He's just so old, like when grandpa mumbles and we all act like he's making sense.  Make him ambassador to North Korea.
Wait for me, I'll be right there.
Still against republicans.  Who is he?
No thank you Jon Scott, Fox News. Not interested in one word your guest, John McCain has to say. You must be desperate to fill a slot.
Please retire
Are you finally gonna support our President and his agenda? Get on board, Sen McCain!
There are 7 billion of us energy light beings and only 8500 dark Cabal Satanic ritual luciferians.Deep state down!
@SASCMajority include FY18DAA markup “Certification by SECNAV that NavyFRCSW meets F-18 timelines, E2C2 landing gear QC, safe workplace”
Nice pictures are they yours? Great shots!!
Are there Russians under the table?  Vain nutcase alert...
JM, American Hero !
From maverick to mr magoo
Are you going to discuss the strategic search for a backbone
Senator McCain, we knew trump would be an unparalleled disaster but we assumed your integrity would be a limiting factor. Where did it go?
Get lost I know your getting paid by soros. Trader! !
Kiss that Fox/Trump/Putin ass McCain.
That would be TrumpTV.
Discuss how u will vote yes on the healthcare bill sight unseen. Discuss how Trump shamed u in front of the world. Then you voted 4 him.
Congrats to Cindy on her new job. #nepotism #partyovercountry
Condolences for John McCain that Handel won in #GA06.
Why would you choose to appear on FOX network? They are a media circus looking to call something “news”.
