They encourage and facilitate cyberattacks
NOT SURPRISED and makes me SICK! So little interest in OUR country. He cant be from America. He has to be from HELL. Devil incarnate 
Why would they appear when cyberattacks overwhelmingly help Trump?
You're just disappointed you're not in the White House you doddering old fool and thank you for your service
Disappointed?  You’re the biggest disappointment we have had since we finally elected a REAL PRESIDENT.  THANK GOD HE’S NOT A RINO LIKE U
Why do you think the WH is avoiding protecting our elections?  they have failed repeatedly at this... the centipede has more shoes
Cyber attacks and those that make up information to destroy others. All must be taken down
Retire already.  You are a big disappointment
We no longer have a whole-of-govt. We have a fractured govt trying to survive an admin who wants weak/ineffective govt unable to check it.
Sen McCain, I am disappointed in this White House every single day. Even during Vietnam, I never felt our country was under attack, as now.
Poor thing.  It must be hell being U & so afraid of nothing.  Grow up & try doing something if U want change things.  WE ARE!
Suhprise, Suhprise, Suhprise!
All these years and your disappointed??? We're disappointed that you guys stay forever and do Nothing. Trump fought for Vets! #termlimits
Sad that you take every opportunity to malign and vote in opposition to bills the President supports solely because he criticized you. Petty
Not as disappointed as Republican voters are in you.
Do your job or step down.
Why didn't Obama tend to this issue when it was 1st discovered? Congress? Lame excuses! Dems hired #imranawan for their IT--come on!! #MAGA
John, all you do is throw out problems and negative statements but never offer any solutions. Get with the program and work together.
Sir, Disappointed is an Understatement. A walking Disappointment inhabits the White House.! Our Country WAS. Thanks for your service Sir, We will always have great memories  of how our Country was and what WE faught for. 
America will be great again I hope after only four years if not sooner
@BarackObama Obama @MichelleObama I just want my kids to be able to have the life I had. But Trump has unleashed such a wave of hate that now we have to find a way to get them back in control. We dont need more enemies, our own president want us dead already.
Sad and true. Stay strong please and keep resisting
Thank you for doing the work of the American people while the President insists on being a sideshow.
Yea, what do DC pedophiles require? @realDonaldTrump 2 expose a Govt approach?
You cannot not even do what you promised the voters. The WH just didn't want to be in same room with YOU!
Senator McCain - Could/would you please use a stronger word than "disappointed"?!
The threat is from within. Gerrymandering, rigged EVMs & voter suppression wrecked our democracy. Citizens United was far worse than Putin.
WH could send you, but you don’t have a clue which end is up.
#HarveyWeinstein 

#hilLIARy 

And...

#McCain't nutt'n but a #RINO https://twitter.com/RrealDJTrump/status/920978207385382912 …
McCain is no hero & needs to step down. Pardoned by Nixon bcuz of his Dad, should have been tried for treason!
It's always the cowards who never served who think they have moral ground to judge those of us who did. @realDonaldTrump
Don't that suggest collusion? Cuz it's just obvious to me.  #TrumpRussia
You fought/sacrificed for the USA, yet now a man who disrespects WH & gold star families is tearing it apart. Help us remove 45 from office
Ur disappointed about EVERYTHING. Ur temper tantrums are embarrassing. U r too ill to function properly -  all at the expense of the people
Nobody wants to hear your cancerous yap.
Unfortunately the President is too busy tweeting.
OF COURSE THE WH DIDN'T SEND ANYONE. THEY HAVE PAID RUSSIA FOR THE CYBER ATTACKS.
as a vet I'm sick of your rhetoric. That you of all people didn't know of US troops as part of a  Peacekeeping Force in Niger
Geez when is the @potus going to impose the Russian sanctions?  He is blowing off this legislation.  How can that be ok with any American?
Amen!!!
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …  How about doing your damn job and investigate real scandals instead of fake ones to protect your friends?
I propose a different approach to our election.  Congress should weed out the candidates and the people elect from remaining candidates.
God sured. Me 100 percent
Disappointed? Cmon! U need to sympathize w/ @realDonaldTrump 's being compromised by a fascist leader of an enemy state, Putin.
#DoungHisJob
Why would they?! The President got elected by these exact tactics.
Graduating new ISIS recruits.
You were there. Maybe he has more confidence in you than you think.
Totally agree! Please keep fighting for the American people. Trump wants to avoid talking about  Russia's involvement in our election! Why?
The WH, your constituents in Arizona, and all Republicans are disappointed in you for being a hateful spiteful liar!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You are against this White House no matter what!  How about the booming economy and job growth or the promise kept by Trump to stomp Isis?
Senator, they are unfit to occupy the WH and don’t care about anyone but themselves. And lining their pockets.
We should also be concerned that @USAGSessions doesn't seem to care either. THAT is scary. We should assume attacks in #2018 at this point.
More #Kurdish civilians are expected to flee #Kirkuk. #SupportKurdistan #KurdistanBlockade
Now you know how we feel about the health care vote huh...
Disappointed? Get over it.
a representative / one of their Russian hackers?
#JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry
Probably because they can't stand to be in the presence of such trash and a disgrace to this country. You took a bribe. you are corrupt.
Disapointed you are disappointed. Be real and quit talking like u care about America and Americans. Learn and educate yourself on real issue
@Sammy_Says_2 pretty obvious colluded wit RUSSIA take,power push their own agenda and are counting on it again in 2018
#HelpUsSenMcCain
The WH isn't interested in stopping #Russian interference. 
Am waiting for #Putin to foreclose on the place - or #Trump to hand over keys
#retire
Trump let cyber security staff go shortly after taking office & hasn’t followed through with Russian sanctions so no surprise.
Of course the WH wouldn't send anyone, even have CIA Director lying about findings of intelligence agencies.  Hang in there, support truth.
Please sir, save us. I don’t always agree with you but I believe you are a good man. Our country is horribly injured. We need you.
This could potentially be the one attack that would kill us all. This is a serious subj. not to mention our outdated grid 
Shouldn’t you be in the woods somewhere with Hillary talking to the squirrels?
@Jan_Zax notrum as bad as this hurts to say I'd rather have a bush in office over this BASTARD trump. And that hurts
@ryan_trollip WH has no intention of stopping Russian election interference, he has permission from republicans, that's
Golden Pond JOHN
@polly_corn Because they sanction cyber attacks.
Retirement
They don't believe this is real. Or don't want us to believe it.
The WH didn't send a representative as they benefited precisely from the enemy we all know has been messing up with our country.
Was the purpose of this tweet to dig at POTUS? You could have contacted WH and requested representation. Fooling no one.
#SongBird #NixonPardon #KeatingFive #RedLineRatLine #TimberSycamore #LibyanSarinGas #SyriaFalseFlags #ISIS #SteeleDossier
TermLimits Now
@SenJohnMcCain I am an Arizonan respectfully requesting that when you are calling Trump out, do it by naming him. You are trusted! Use it!

I’m with you center the McCain bless you
I’m with you Senator McCain
It’s down right disrespectful.  I hope that individual is in the hospital, as an excuse.
If they knew about it no surprise there.
Glad you get to feel disappointed. We are EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in YOU---once the leader of the GOP. You have been a disappointment ever since. Your campaign was about changing the culture of D.C. Instead you became one of THEM. Trump represents US. Those YOU forgot about.
It is obvious why isn't?  The Russian attack is still succeeding in disrupting our Nation.  We have an orange orangutan in the WH!
Did you consult your friend, mentor and dear leader of Viet kong uh I mean nam?
i really hate this guy at this point
WH happy & grateful for Russians’ cyberattacks
Your days are so precious now. You are angry all the time! Everything you say is a bummer. You hate Trump. It’s time to retire now. Enough.
https://youtu.be/KyoiSuC7QkY . I believe John McCain knew all about this.
Of course not, subject was way too important for our country!
Because they are complicit in the #Treason.  Time to call the game. #25thAmemdmentNow
Not surprising

Liar McCain.
Mr. Trump is beholden to Putin for his current job. Not going to disobey Putin. How about the sanctions bill stalling? WTH
We need an independent commission ASAP to uncover Russian meddling that is still going on today and will impact 2018 for sure. Help!
I’m disappointed you screwed up my health care
Wah. Then, actually do something instead of whining all the time.#oldangryman #soreloser #jealous #RINO
Disappointed you were there. Traitor!
No one likes you traitor McCain
scheme over me all day long! Disguised flag poles, power grids, fiber optics, wifi,. Must block & shut down their syndicate lines TODAY!
unacceptable. Ofc, this is bigger than a few groups of people, must take down these rf wretch-grid satellite system today! These thugs
radio-spook wizardry need to be chased out of here for good. This is an insult to our veterans, citizens, women, youth. Totally
customers, stores are being "oddly" transformed into 3rd-class type look & feel. These thieves making a whole civilization out of
We are DISAPPOINTED big time with you about our increase in Health Care, You don't give a Shit about us
our precious, tight-knit community, antagonizing, pestering our good citizens. A couple of waiters are setting a thug-atmosphere for their
We need to remove Trump now
Weakest link determines the strength.
There is a situation in America, Sir McCain. It's called "Trolls", "Inside Out". Please watch movie, good sir. Foreigners are infiltrating
I’m disappointed in you!

Nothing hurt me more when Trump didn’t even defend our country with the election last year never said anything no action either disturbing !
Gee I wonder why? TRUMP LOOKS GUILTY BECAUSE OF THIS AS WELL DOESNT WANT TO DEFEND THE COUNTRY IN WHICH HE GOVERNS. I FIND IT OFFENSIVE
Omg would you just GO AWAY !!

You disappoint conservatives.
You and wilson are disgraces
When did u become a bleeding heart liberal ? After you were pardoned? REPEAL AND REPLACE !!! unless Trump is Prez. #soreloser
McCain = Traitor to America. Just remember--the people that support you are only doing it because you protect the establishment.
I'd like to hear it from you, John. How did Halliburton keep their gov contracts after calling veterans ni**ers & poor white trash. Hv proof
I'm disappointed you didn't stand behind your word and repeal and replace the joke called Obamacare.  Our premium is thousands per month!!!!
Those attacts helped him win the wh.
I hate to tell you this but they are cooperating with Russia’s hacking of our vote.  Not just 2016...all future elections are in danger.
Glad someone is speaking out for our country Russia will not stop
Trump turns everything & everyone around him to poop. Putin knew what he was buying. #TrumpRussia Global War must not stand. #SASC
Why all of sudden you trying to grow a backbone where was it in 2008
Well why should they deal with u? U r not a man of your word
Senator McCain do something meaningful and go after D.C.'s new IT girl Wasserman Schultz.
You expect our Moron In Chief to do something that makes sense?
The WH just would give all information to Russia anyway. No one in the WH should have security clearances based on actions on the job.
That's how they got in power. Without they want to stop it for next time
Trump won't defend our country against cyberattacks & he's not going to do anything about Russian sanctions. He's following Putin's orders.

If both houses spent as much time in DC as you do on vacation you might know where our troops are. We are disappointed in you
Did you say or do anything to when the Obama administration had in excess of 4 million records from OPM hacked?
Songbird, ur full of it! Retire already!
They don't care Senator
John McCain, you are an American Hero.  Thank you for your continued service.
They don't want to stop cyberattacks. One got that traitor in our White House.
Maybe because they knew you would manage to mess it up & blame POTUS for whatever ailed you today.
Hear Hear! This Democrat loves honors you and your wisdom. Thank you again and again. Was the empty  supposed to be @potus?
You do nothing but obstruct and fuel the fires. Because of you people will be stuck with ACA. by the way do you have ACA. Zip your mouth
John McCain hates America
Yep
WH doesn't want stop cyberattacks, they are part of the problem. Time our Senators & Congressmen Step Up and Defend our Nation . Your Oath

@GOPChairwoman  @realDonaldTrump ICYMI...

https://youtu.be/w3dLIRHZO3Y 

#MAGA #RESIGN #DraftDodgerInChief #NotFakeNews
#TakeAKnee 
#IdiotInChief
That’s because WH is sleeping with the enemy
Me too.  The President is obviously not interested in our cyber war with Russia, or at least that we win.
Hello..... Trump colluded with the cyber war. Come on man!
Read between the lines.  A long about way of letting us know, they know. They're about ready to do something.
You haven’t been a team member and hav not carried out your part in our Govt. perhaps you are the problem and no one will work with you!
I agree Nancy. He has a big ego
Go A Way. SongBird
So long as the breeches help the Trump administration, they'll never be interested in protecting America from this sort of crime.
Totally agree
More like a whole lot of infringing on the 4th Amendment.
Of course:
Because they are a large part of allowing the cyber attacks to take place and doing them themselves.
Well the country is disappointed in you John!!!
45 needs the cyber attacks to be re-elected sir.
They will when POTUS’ twitter account is hacked
Why should they support you when you don't support them? ObamaCare needed repeal. That's what your party wants. You failed! #failure
Hey John McCain they new you were going to be there #SASC the WH doesn't support the Democrats of which you are part of
No one does anything. @realDonaldTrump knows this! Hello he hasn’t sanctioned Russia either. He gets away with everything.
Not going to happen...please do this without @WhiteHouse and @realDonaldTrump
I am not surprised @realDonaldTrump is a traitor. He is an ILLEGITIMATE @POTUS who only won BC Russia & @PutinRF_Eng rigged it. WAKEUP!
Like the Am people, they want you to stay out of it. You all have failed us Johnboy with cyberattacks
It's helping him.... so why should he help.
No surprise with the WH no show. Same WH that has failed to enact the Russian sanctions and has not acknowledged Russian social media psy-op
John. They don't care or don't understand
WH only interested in dictating, not collaboration.
I guess the @WhiteHouse is too busy worrying about the #NFL & giving themselves 10s
Is Trump not criticizing Russia for their interfering with US elections with hopes of Russia's help in the next presidential election?
Thank you for honoring our country sir. You are an American hero! #JohnMcCain
we respect your service but please retire soon.  hang with your family.  megan rocks!
