Yeah rt , you could give a shat less about anything but $,google McCain corruption and see who,what he is
35 yrs & you're going to take a look at this huh? U must have figured out an anti Trump angle, 1 of 2 ways to motivate U.Self prom is other.
America demand accountability from our Senators elected to serve Americans.  Unfortunately as your tweet demonstrates - it's only about you
I demand you have no rights on any healthcare until Obamacare is repealed
Read the article. McCain felt "led astray by false assurances". Lol The king of leading voters astray by false assurances!
We get you’re a democrat in republican clothing but please support the new tax plan for All Americans not just your own spite.
Did you create a new word ?
What the hell did you ever do for the VA ?
You do realize he is a war hero? You do realize he’s been fighting for the VA for decades? Just stop with your unAmerican bullshit.
You really don’t know John’s history . Do some reach first , then get back to me.
Senator McCain is right. Also...Mr. Trump should go away.
We demand you vote republican, you screwed the va for years so shut up.#sofake
I think they tried the last time they tried, but the whistleblowers were told tell the truth, but they’ve had reprisals - wilmington, del.
Go @SenJohnMcCain go! If not now when?
AZians & Real Americans Demand accountability for "Dark Money" you obtained from drugs for DU & Arms sales!
You have lost a lot of respect since you crawfished on healthcare. Your constituents are suffering
You are on fire...  #JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCounty
Trump is stealing allocated money from federal programs! His title is the most powerful in US & he's always lied & always stolen #embezzler
Stop drinking the koolaid,70% of welfare recipients have been stealing from me for years.#gotowrk
He wouldn't no ,he's to wrapped up fundraising with military contractors
What now ... lie about your support for the VA, then vote to defund. Just like Obamacare. You are a liar and can never be trusted.
Demand Trump show his tax returns!
This is a stupid remark to a real crisis!
Please be kind...
Operation Backbone - been treating the most acute injured active-duty soldiers and veterans… For seven years I’ve built it from nothing I know how it works waiting for the Trump Admin & McCain to jump on board make it happen for our vets.. too much Gray noise
I could not agree more.  Every dept. should account for all of there expenditures. As you know, they all play the same dishonest game.
McCain is all talk, no action.  Like Obama.
clean the swamp
He is the swamp
McCain is a selfish child who got his feelings hurt and he can't grow up.
You seem to be demanding alot ie. Always...We Americans demand you support us. For a change!
Thank you!  I've had to use Choice 4 times due to distance/appt. avail.  Would hate to lose this option.
Where the hell were you when vets were dying in the hallways?
Such a "Dick" McCain, you should take some time to take a hard look at yourself. Kind of thinking you're not liking what you see if you do.
Why do you care? Just go away!!!
Congrats on saving the aca again your useless as a Congress member
Get  the VA  to their Act Together
Thanks for being the biggest RINO IN CONGRESS !!
U go Senator.
McCain can't fix the va in his own state, waited 2 months for a 10 min appt and the va calls me to cancel the day before.
go away McCain
John you boring the pants of everybody now better if you don't talk
America demands John Macpain resign! Pathetic anti american! Lied to his voters to get elected! Recall this liberal democrat!
The trolls are actually paid and some are robots.
?
Suggest you do a first hand inspection when you have your head examined at Arizona VA.
Okay. We demand that YOU keep your word on repealing obama care. Period. !!!
You demand nothing cause you do nothing!  Go to pasture
How about demanding some accountability from Trump for pissing on our Constitution?

Guess what RINO? The American people would like to see a thorough accounting of every penny Mueller has wasted! Go home.
Investigate McCain.
Poser McCain. Pretending to do what he has never done.
Traitor McCain.
The VA has been a mess for decades. Long before Trump . MCCain was absent from examining the VA books for yrs. Trump is trying to clean up
You stay silent for 30+ years and now the V.A. is in your sights? Get your cancer treatment at the V.A. see if you like it. RETIRE Brutus
You were never there for us veterans, why should we believe you now? #RINO #TraitorMcCain #SongBirdMcCain
Traitor
For once I agree with you. But EVERY dept in government should have full accounting for how they spend our tax dollars.
Please pass a darned healthcare bill Senator. You talked about if for YEARS.  Pass a bill. Repeal it. You said you wanted to now you can.
John McCain, going all out for the American people
What a joke!
I was not disrespecting the Senator
We can count on #McCain not allowing tax breaks for the rich. Don't repeal estate tax either as that is only for the richest
It's not just for the riches. My dad's not rich but he wants to leave his kids stuff tax free as not asking too much
Senators have to tow line on ACA repeal vote or party will put someone else against them in primary & fund them Bipartisan John joined them!
Arizonans demand better healthcare Mr Democrat
States have licensing requirements for healthcare providers.If VA rules used that basis,vets can see any licensed provider,would open access
We demand accounting from Sen McCain why ins payment for lady went from $312 to $1200 mo in  6 yrs and he use bipartisanship as an excuse.
Most demand you resign but that ain't working
What Obamacare not covered for brain cancer and you need money to pay your Dr bills
Elitists don’t have to...fuck the citizens!
Must watch the treasury deps....the American Greatest Heist! It's a robbery people
Perhaps the dumb ass congress & senate could forgo their insane compensations to help out the less fortunate?
Senator McCain, i like your strang fair characters,  wish you well soon.
McCain lied to Arizona.
And to the country
That is exactly what dems do. I feel so sorry for his family
Fix my health care
You have done nothing for VA.. GO HOME!   RETIRE!
all the years of the failing VA and now you demand, really?. repeal Obamacare, how about that,hypocrite and you're very disingenuous
U are an amazing man sir u are still trying to protect this country do the right thing while staring  your illness in the face. I admire u
Where ya been the last 8 years while the VA crumbled?
Ahh oh...
Save the money and hire more doctors, or our care needs to be outsourced. Waiting months for a hearing test is ridiculous.
But he refuses to account for money his so called foundation receives. Perpetual finger pointer. #Hypocrite
Getting it done!! Thank you!
McCain now wants to make Demands when he knows the problem is in fix mode. Than when fixed, he can brag how he got it done. Support POTUS
Dont let #45NutJob say he will get back too you in 2 weeks. Still waiting for his wife too show her papers!
thank you Senator for having our backs.
He means the Democrats' backs. 
Please do!! Even after going to a "Choice Doctor", their word is not good enough for the VA. It's a waste of money and Veterans time!
Pathetic old fool,retire already get viagra and play hide the salami err cocktail wiener with Cindy.
And McCain's AZ constituents demand accounting for his broken promises & failure to reform veterans' healthcare over his 30 yrs in service.
Mr McCain, you have been a great American and have backed good causes but I feel you have let Americans down in not passing Healthcare Bill!
Ask Obama he made that mess. Stop blocking Trump from fixing it
We demand your retirement. You are an obstructionist.
How about for all gov agencies? #MakeGovTransparentAgain
Resign.
Don't allow cuts to veteran benefits in order to pay for mismanaged Choice program.
We Appreciate your leadership, Senator.
I pray God spares you in this battle for your health. We need your sanity and values @SenJohnMcCain 
OMG. Where was he all these decades while veterans struggled for healthcare?He has Cadillac care. He was tossing shots in a gathering w HRC
Yes Hanoi John get's first class healthcare he wants to make sure that no other vet's are squeezing an extra buck out of the private mkt. 
You are a Showboat
Check with your lobbyist donors they have it! http://Opensecrets.org . will show all parties donors and excongress staffers working for them
People of Arizona demands you fix healthcare
John you are amazing!
POS
Maybe if you used the VA program you would have acted sooner.
Are you on Obamacare have you ever been on Obamacare have you ever been treated at a VA Hospital. My guess on all of those would be a no.
How about we the people DEMAND you retire then leave the US since your a #Traitor Nixon had to Pardon you along with real hero POW's.
And that baloney death care bill would've kicked thousands of vets off of Medicaid. Thank you again for saving *them* too. Suicide must end
love that McCain is going down swinging.
Thank you for all your hard work 

While he let veterans die in the hallways. McShame.
Demand accounting from #FANNIEGATE #$FNMA #FMCC. Government coverup of fraud and abuse and misuse of shareholder funds for #OBAMACARE fraud
Oh wait shouldn't you be using the VA for your healthcare?
Yeah well, we Demand HEALTH INSURANCE! !
Are you still trying to be the President....give up you are not even a republican anymore
Go home John. Your not wanted nor needed anymore.  Or, you could join The View
I respect you. But, you demand common sense for the va.But, I in the senate and the house, it's insanity. Trump is best for this country now

Please retire and Americans will thank you!
Sure wish AZ voters would demand you fulfill your campaign promises or slink away into obscurity where you belong
John you have betrayed Arizona!
Coming from a guy that had Veterans die in his state Now all of s sudden he is concerned!
Here in AZ your name is mud John, we trusted you and then you left us hanging in the wind and went left, please stop.
The people that voted for you on Repeal and Replace, want an accounting on why you put your thumb down to save Obamacare. A disgrace.
John the VA has only gotten worse while you have been Senator. Now you care?
Funny McCain didnt care 4 the VA before!
sorry Republicans won’t allow private business to be accountable, goes against donors wishes
how about 45 give us an account of his tax returns?
Its under Obummers graduation certificate with his Birth certificate filed away.
Oh I'm so impressed with that very stupid come back. Those documents were actually provided people just too stupid to accept it.
Gonna scream about "Killary" now or pizzagate?
Well I am happy someone is saying something. I am sick of having to speak to a well deserving Vet he can no longer receive home care.
Where was the worst run va .. oh right in your state
Well said!
should any Presidential campaign that had private meetings with the russians be investigated Sir?
McClain's been out for a while he doesn't know that all the veterans are not equally treated properly equal
Agreed. If they diagnose you, you still have to wait 60-90 days for a VA doctor to approve or deny it.
The VA is the PERFECT example of how socialized medicine would work in America...BADLY

Go away John mccain
