vote NO for DeVos
What is being done about trump's conflicts of interest? How about his deteriorating mental health?
@joe_warmington @LarryFitzgerald @NFL you are an obstructionist..and you defy the will of the people...fade away john
he's elected. And offering congrats to a man who deserves it.
re elected with slot of help from trump..violates logan act by calling aussie embassy, undermines trump..
every chance he gets, believes he is POTUS, nothing he now says has validity. He should retire
you too could me another sort of Man of the Year #justsaying #faith #countryfirst Be like @LarryFitzgerald
Football, blah, blah, blah. HEY!! There's a crazy man in the White House and he's on your team. DO SOMETHING!
PLEASE listen to constituents #NODeVos. We need a qualified candidate with education experience-She can't answer easy ?s
please do what is right for our kids, vote NO on DeVos
Et tu John? You betrayed our country in 'Nam, now you are betraying us here. How much is Soros paying you to sell us out?
Cool for Larry.  Could we maybe get an MVP for our schools and kids and not Betsy Devos?
Respect your constituents. Vote NO on De Vos nomination.
Please do something. Our closest ally ha disavowed him. Great Britain. Are we now allied with Russia? Seriously. Are we?
Where are you on Trump's Putin defense and saying the US is morally equivalent to Russia?  Silence = Agreement
Vote No to DeVos. She will drag our schools lower in the list comparing to other developed countries education.
Enjoy the football? Good. Now listen to your constituents and vote NO on @BetsyDeVos.
No on devos
I can help you with that a little less than Trump took from Putin...You're welcome
What's you say...No, Sir you have spoken an alternative fact.
More important issues to pay attention include voting no on DeVos, Bannon out of NSC and impeach Trump. Save us!
Now you be a leader and dump Trump and his equally fraudulent nominees!
Be a leader like Fitzgerald and vote No on DeVos! You'll be a hero to our children. @SenJohnMcCain @LarryFitzgerald @NFL
I understand you received 50k from devos but please for the children of America vote no on devos
- much respect sir.   Please consider to vote no on Devos.  We need a qualified person in that position. Thank u sir.
Senator, forget politics. From one human to another I'm very afraid for our country. I can't do anything but you can.
@GrahamBlog 2 old crocs that need to be removed from the swamp. They don't want their toys to be taken from them by POTUS!
Great John, you can go back to undermining the president. Make a few more phone calls to Iran apologize
I am teacher 42 years. I beg not 2 vote n favor Secretary of Education. No knowledge of education or empathy needed to serve!
I used to be a teacher of Fitzgerald, here in Minneapolis. He was a great kid too!
Please don't confirm DeVos for Sec of Ed whether you like school choice or not she's not for our schools. Support AZ teachers
Your son's "sarcasm" tweet not FUNNY. Have him watch this guy instead!
is this what you taught your son?! Too late TWEET already seen! http://thehill.com/homenews/317988-john-mccains-son-deletes-tweet-slamming-trumps-putin-defense … <is this how you feel too?!
@realDonaldTrump  Sen McCain, Did you hear Trump side and defend Putin again? This person MUST be removed from office NOW!!
expecting you to vote NO on DEVOS. She is ill prepared and massively underqualified to hold the U.S. high post 4 EDUCATION!
are you watching your leader trump defend Putin and insulting America?
the thief who stole Oak Flat from the Apache,you are a monster who will NEVER be re-elected.
all integrity for a fake president and short term power. Enjoy it. History won't be kind
it's shameful someone with her record of service and integrity was treated do poorly while GOP traded
and I've yet to hear one person in DC have the courtesy to apoligize to Mrs Clinton. For this fiasco.
and certainly not fake prez. Don't act so traumatized your as guilty as the rest of the bumd
nation of laws, come on John. Don't you mean nation of laws other people obey? Not congress orvsenate
<--- is a closet democrat masquerading as a republican. People in AZ will not forget his treason acts.  @LarryFitzgerald @NFL
JOHNNIE MCCAIN AND MISS PEARLS GIRLS @SenJohnMcCain @LarryFitzgerald @NFL @USGAO @StephenAtHome @Trevornoah  OK Oklahoma, heeres lil John
Vote for Devos be Exposed @SenJohnMcCain @LarryFitzgerald @NFL   John Mcain,bowling or dancing in Oklahoma, or?  @usgaolegal @StephenAtHome
comment on what Trump said about Putin and US last night?
How about Congrats to Eli also!!! AND please do NOT vote for DeVos And Pruitt! Non believers!!
I told you people repeatedly to leave our fellow white people of Russia alone. Now your career is over.
And to top it off, we will make sure the rest of your masonic jews poseing as commy and activists die.
children's education above politics
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/826969027381596161 …
another article that mentions you today: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/officials-worry-that-us-counterterrorism-defenses-will-be-weakened-by-trump-actions/2017/01/29/1f045074-e644-11e6-b82f-687d6e6a3e7c_story.html?utm_term=.29fec286eb8a …
I may think Palin 08 was a cynical divide and conquer ploy, but I appreciate your spine today. Thank you
working parent cant commute their kids to charter schools. Act locally make pub schools better. Say no to DeVos! She's the 1%
How can r rural kids work their jobs and commute 2 charter school? Please say no DeVos! Out of touch with real American life
Impeach/treason/King George batshit crazy, any excuse to get rid of Time's ironic Man of Yr.?
An "atta-boy" from @SenJohnMcCain and $2 will get you a cup of coffee at @McDonalds. Be sure to bring the $2.
Reply to @SenJohnMcCain Do you have courage to stand with them on this? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/republicans-denounce-trumps-defense-of-killer-putin-234665 … or will all change their minds (again)
Are you kidding me!!
Why you shown a nut logo, John?
Do you like peanut or coffee bean?
Big nut is too danger, John!
SamSon ever trapped with Delilah's big nut!
AZ voters hoping you are man of the year tomorrow with your #noDevos vote! #kidsbeforeprofits #publicschoolsmatter
@FOX10Phoenix @LarryFitzgerald @NFL no on devos tomorrow
you two men have power. Please work to immediately remove trump from office. His policies are corrupt
Co-winner with Eli Manning
Evil McCain
you need to support the people's vote for President Donald J Trump senator McCain you are a disappointment
@FOX10Phoenix @LarryFitzgerald @NFL McCain a failure as a Senator so only way 2B on good side of voter is this type of news
why is John McCain not supporting our President?
because he is right and does not want a dictator in the WH he needs to push harder
typical politician Senator, you only thank one of the TWO winners . WHY...because he represents your state.  Sour grapes sir.
Sir, you forgot Eli !  Go Giants !!!...LOL...
Now get to work on the Border and start supporting the @POTUS ! Also free speech being stopped
WHO CARES DO UR JOB TRUMP IS MAKING AMERICA FOOLS
McCain broke the Logan law by calling Australia and been receiving money from Soros needs to resign
DO YOUR JOB JOHN!!!!!!!!!!
WHAT ABOUT TRUMP THOUGH SENATOR????
i  thought this old fart(mccain) would stand with the people.but more worried about- power boats.
you are our children's last hope, please say no to Betsy DeVos.
that's great...Now maybe you should think about why you would vote for an unqualified Ed Sec #DumpDevos
I like leaders that weren't captured buy the Cardinals
tell us of your connection with George Soros, you routinely deal with former Nazi's?
A BLESSED SUNDAY Morning Sen.John and Cindy McCain ,The McCain, The Grace & Peace of God be w/you alway
@NFLake sure you watch the pre-game interview about our new found love for Russia
HEY JOHN show America your health plan! The one We pays for! Why can't regular VETS have the same?

Congrats, now get to work on doing something with the Fascist that is in the White House
You bet... a great Pittsburgh alum
Sir don't forgot that you represent all Americans. Tomorrow vote NO to DeVos make public school available to all kids. Noprep
time to back @POTUS and quit thinking you are the #POTU
Well deserved
haven't you got something better to tweet, like how you promised to secure our border. @LarryFitzgerald @NFL
how can you focus on football when our constitution being shredded by tyrant in WH? GOP will be remembers as condoning this.
don't forget Eli Manning!
This is great sir, but we need you to focus on detrumping our Whitehouse.  Gather your troops and march!
Better leader than you Johnny Boy.And to think I voted for U.What was I thinking ?
