Speaking of cyber attacks/Russian meddling and doing something about it; when is the tRump admin going to implement the past due sanctions?
Trump is controlled by Russia, so don't hold your breath.
I forgot to mention that in addition to being passed unanimously, he signed the sanctions bill into law himself. He's now outside of the law
Trump has always believed himself above the law.
When you are in the cloud, 4get info integrity , now, technology is fighting technology and Obama has degraded ur military &  the cyber one.
The Russian and the Chinese hacked ur systems many times & Obama did nothing but serving the Iranians with his #IranDeal ..
This is your Obama campaigning now, is the election next month 2 campaign ?
I can't decipher your incoherent babbling.
Because your brain has been hacked and ur flying in this cyberspace without navigation system ..
XD go back and learn proper English and grammar before you post again, kid.
English is not my native language but I think I am better than you ..
LMAO thank you for the laugh! You should have been a comedian.
John mccain killed 130 sailors https://youtu.be/3bD7pM3fvoU  via @YouTube
You don't know the half of it Senator. Centralized services are currently just "suggestions" in DOD.
why?  because they are finding all ur dirty corruption
I don't believe anything this man says. He has turned his back on Americans. #MAGA
If you think Trump actually wants to "MAGA", you are the fool here.
agreed Senator, now please support OUR PRESIDENT
Support the Orange Cheeto? No thanks.
Were you asleep when OPM was hacked by China? You are just now realizing we have cyber security issues?
Go back to Vietnam
Then get the House to impeach trump
Let's start at the bottom and work our way up!
Then get your damn colleagues to do something! You're in the mix for Godsake! DO SOMETHING
SENATOR WHEN THE BIBLE WAS WRITTEN THE EUPHRATES RIVER WAS THE SOURCE FOR ALL 
WATER IN  MIDDLE EAST!
John, you are a traitor. My Dad could not stand your name to be said in his presence. He died a hero!
Where is the vaunted all powerful Homeland Security department? Listening to domestic phone conversations?
We all ready have had a strategy and you know this McCain. What's your real agenda here? Who's paying you to do what?
Probably another Soros pawn!!
You've been in Congress for years, even when Your friend HRCLINTON  was hacked, and we all knew it...oh wait you didn't know...she destroyed 32000 emails !
Why didn't you start something back then..
Thank you senator for maintaining a strong and maniacal focus on the long term health and safety of the USA
Yes please!
East Talk to those in your research labs at MIT, Google, Amazon, Apple & Made....+ stop using anti virus software developed by Russians!!!!
The nation let you know they didn't want you when you LOST the Pres election. Go away you old fool
Clearly your committee isn’t making headway. Stop tweeting and show leadership. Actions speak louder than words. Get it done.
Get it down for us! You will always be one of my heroes 
Senator, This needs a commercial software tie-in. Too many hackers can devastate our economy, and we need to respond (use Cyberwar back)
Very thankful you are on the job
So wrong that our DOJ is in denial or hiding something. Please make sure something finally gets done about this!
Recent hack on warship plan by NK very scary. What is being done to lockdown every copy of our mechanical plans?
It’s beyond our imagination the technology they used...
Why stop here, what's wrong with you, stop with the center info.
You are a great American, sir.
Well said.  Much too convoluted, needs to be viewed in context of geopolitical risk.
Wow, McCain is not responsible at all for dumb cyberattacks policies. Then who other than american electorate is to be blamed?
SENATOR LEADING TO A GLOBAL DROUGHT WRITTEN IN THE BIBLE ,(CLOSE EUPHRATES RIVER) WHICH IS INTERPRETED AS NO WATER WORLDWIDE!+++
SENATOR IF NUCLEAR WAR WERE TO HAPPEN THE DETONATION OF HUNDREDS OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS IN THE SAME YEAR !WOULD CAUSE SEVERE GLOBAL WARMING!+++
Please expire
This is a no brainier! Why isn't it done? Whose responsibility is it? They need brought before Congress,asses chewed, jailed for dereliction
@SenJohnMcCain what is your proposal? DoD lead all activities?  A cybersecurity agency? (and my thanks for your lifetime of service)
Completely agree, Senator; but, 4 any defense of our nation, we need a trusted, ethical, & knowledgeable President! WE NEED 2 FIND ONE! @cbs
Thank you sir!!! Our elections must be beyond question. We don't have that right now.
We need another arm to 100% handle cyber and coordinate with the others.  Takes a true expert.
The funny thing is the bureaucracy and their consultants believe these cartoons are valuable and enlightening.  Form over substance.
The internet was designed by Universities for Universities sharing information.  Never as a Commerce or Governance tool.
You might want to impeach that treasonous Russian tool in the WH, get rid of his corrupt administration, and the GOP enablers in Congress...
We do ! 
How much of this “defense” money is going to your pals and how much will you get kicked back?
The problem is trump and many GOP like cyberattacks. It helped trump get elected. Is spread fake news against HRC.
We need antimalware protection from establishment Democrats and Republicans. That's US biggest threat - old fashioned corruption.
It starts with Sessions doing his job. That's not happening. He is a raving amateur.
.@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @GOP Congress, shut off politics & #DoYourJob! #TrumpRussia Global War continues unabated.
Question senator did everybody in the intelligence Community fail? Most kids can even code now.
And propaganda...
is still in the USA! Why in the HELL are we letting this happen! @FBI Maybe the USA ISN'T as great as it thinks it is! Why else??
Watch George Bush's speech just now. He has the same wisdom as you. Maybe at least the @gop and @potus will look inward, reflect & change.
Right on point again. Thank you!
This book entitled "Corporate Defense and the Value Preservation Imperative" may be of interest
Must include private sector tech council.
Agreed! We've been too naive on this subject.. look at how Facebook/Mark Zuckerberg initially responded to potential of Russian interference
- Mueller must resign and answer questions about Russia deal with uranium !
Not your fault? Only been in Congress for 30+ years. Not even a good Monday morning quarterback. RETIRE Brutus
Thank you sir for your consistently enlightened leadership as senator
Who/ Dept is actually responsible to streamlining?
Yes John, what ever you say.
Weren't so busy making pretty little charts you might have time to get something done. How much did that cost the taxpayers? Retire Brutus
Who is the "WE" you refer to? 
Apparently @GOP disagree with you. They prefer to ignore, that way RUSSIA has a running start in 2020
Many Republicans seem to be sympathetic to the  Russian tactics used in the 2017 election. Not interested in cybersecurity in elections.
You can start by blocking the Orange Cheeto from posting on Twitter.
Well, was it as disconcerting to anyone else as much as it was to me, the utter cluelessness of @jeffsessions re: this yesterday?
According to the slide, every agency has the same responsibilities either by cut/paste text or rewording. 
No one in charge of prevention!
Good to know there are still mostly grown ups in charge. Carry on, sir! 
Isn't US Cyber Command the combatant command for cyberspace? Weren't they asleep at the switch WRT Russian election hacking???
It’s as if the DOJ wants us to be attacked again and manipulated again.  Get someone in DOJ that will do their job!
Protecting our DEMOCRACY should e a TOP PRIORITY but @GOP is ALLOWING it?
WHY?
This is YOUR party and you see it. AMERICA OVER PARTY
#ITMFA
Easy defense would be get rid of Trump & circle. Obvious to most, he stole election w/ Putin & continues to work w/ him. See Russ. billboard
Sir, what's going on with Russian sanctions? Trump will continue to ignore Oct. 1st deadline. His new strategy. He thinks he's above the law

This Nova episode lays it out clearly...NSA doesn't want to fix the backdoors or prevent hacks. Benefit > Loss. 
You can’t lead if you stab your own people in the back. A democratic republican is a losing strategy but it’s yours. You’re done!
There he goes again using words I do t know the meaning of :)
Absolutely!!
This is the MOST IMPORTANT thing for congress to do. Without this who knows what is or is not true or valid.
POTUS is on it McCain. There is nothing you can take credit for any longer. I notice you don't speak on The weakening of ISIS? POTUS Credit.
@SenJohnMcCain  ...please ignore all these hateful Trump supporters. Real & Fake.
CIA director retweeted wikileaks last summer. We're doomed.
The Trump admin doesn’t want a strategy. It helped them steal the last election.
for the record, we’ve known about our vulnerability for cyberattacks for decades. why do we always wait for it to get to an emergency?
Shut up and go away
John McCain. I respect what you're trying to do, but you can't talk about cyber-security and then tweet OUO. SMH
John tell you President He will take care of it
Cyber defense is impossible. Lazy bureaucrats use easily gotten info as passwords, then give those passwords to underlings to retrieve info.
Please continue to be honest, and caring towards the country!  Your country over party stance is so rare in the @GOP!  Thank you.
Just don’t let Nunes, Gowdy or Issa near the data: not to be trusted
You pointed out a problem, do you have a solution?  Or are you too busy with CNN, MSNBC and attacking Trump to present one?
Get 'em, Sen. McCain. No excuse for such a poor response to cyber attacking. Especially since Russia threw our 2016 election.
Sir you have been in the senate for a million years! Why haven’t you done this if your so concerned?
I agree. All this talk no action.
Spot on sir.
Stop consulting bearueacrats and consult experts instead.
We need a honest FBI! Our country depends on them. Sessions is a lying puppet.   HELP
You don't believe we should combine our cyber defense with Russia, and be a joint team, like Trump suggests?  lol
Where is NSC in all of this?
Agreed. This should be priority #1. I want to know the ramifications of the #Nsa leak, and what's being done about it.
Your senile what do you know about cyber security
Yes the grammar police! That’s typical though when you can’t make a point! Next you’ll say something like “racist”
Ok. 
Resign.  This is over your head.  You don’t even know your party anymore
National security is compromised, we are not safe while GOP’s Trump is in the White House.
Update your slide and presto, you’re a winner.
Obama got in this guy's head real good.  He set up camp, and he's never leaving.  Obsessed much?

