A demonstration outside the Turkish Embassy in northwest Washington led to nine people being injured, and two arrested 
McCain we dont do this here,is he joking,we have anarchist libs run wild smashing shops, cars, ,McCain go back ur own planet
I agree, McCain MUST RESIGN in disgrace...Why do they keep him on his seat/committee ...fire him..he's been sick Against America...
Have you ever been to America? That happens all the time, that is America.
The guy you backed @realDonaldTrump didn't have an issue with this
Ok, Mr. Al Qaeda supporter.

When they see Americans burning their university, deny free speech, verbally abuse the President, they emulate such actions
and when they see McCain sucking up to Zionist like George Soros...lol
Why did Erdogan's bodyguards attack protestors in Washington? Because right at that moment he arrived! Good dogs! #ArrestErdogansBodyguards
correct...no one has immunity on US soil...arrest 'em and deport all of 'em...protect our borders...screw the commies arrest em..deport 'em
Excuse me? How about the innocent, sick people you are throwing under the bus with that BS heath plan you and Graham are proposing?
We don't do this here.  Unless of course you are ANTIFA. Then you can riot and attack people with near impunity
All talk and no action. What is Mighty Mouth McCain going to do to Turkey about this? Support @POTUS
I saw the video. The US POLICE Stood by and watched them kicking a protester and them helped the Turkish attacker get away. Sick
Can you let @pouts know?
@SenJohnMcCain What is your position on the Armenian Genocide and the continued human rights violations perpetrated by Turkey?
human rights does not extend to burning the city down...it demands a Peaceful protest...some protest by corrupt George Soros are fake bs...
@KasimKurd 
The people should have shot those pieces of shit and the government should arrest the entire Turkish staff and deport the ambassador NOW.
Yes, There is USA. You don't accept these things in USA. But you support terrorists  out of USA. Who are these people in the photos?
I think, McCain is a communist (Zionist) plant in our congress keeping his military records closed.Insults familys of POWs, Print 'em McCain
Unless you are a #Republican, run for a House seat in #Montana, body slam a reporter @Bencjacobs and your name is #Gianforte #GOPThugs
@Enes_Kanter he he he this us so funny. USA dies other things!!! If u catch my drift!
John, imagine how these fascist police force treating dissent, especially Kurdish ppl in Turkey. Erdogan is a paranoid sultan-wanna-be.
Edip is a fascist supporter of US-designated terror group PKK which suicide bombs civilians in city centres, at bus stops.
You are a big liar. I have no connection with PKK, which is a reaction to Turkish state fascism and massacres against Kurdish people.
Sorry. The Ottoman Empire will never return. You are even unable to support military your Azerbaijan allies. 
Sad!
Other things we don't do here: POTUS asking FBI Director to stop investigation of POTUS and his people. 

For your consideration, sir.
Now you speak out against thuggish behavior?
I suggest you re-watch some of our president's rallies from last summer. You helped elect a thug.
Shouldn't you direct this tweet to our Commander-in-Chief? Didn't his bodyguards rough up some protesters during rallies? Hypocritical GOP.
@Enes_Kanter  Well? What is Senate doing About it?  Do something! New law!
Right! In America we stand down and let the protesters destroy property and kill police and rationalize it all with false narratives.
yea, dems do it the way they did to Seth Rich.  less obvious.  Truth will come out.
Oh really?  Screw you!  Where were you when DJT supporters were getting bashed!? You ass-hole!!  You say NOTHING!!  It's STILL going on!
@Enes_Kanter @VOANews ellerine ayaklarına sağlık... Dahasını da haketmişlerdi ya neyse...
Ülkenin seçilmiş başkanına hakaret et. Sonra oaradakilere taş at,su at küfür et. Sonrada sana iki üç tokat atınca zorba olsun. Terörist pkk
Kurdun yuvasina giren çakalın akıbeti parçalanmaktır
Please explain why the US is supporting terrorist organisations? How come the police is killing blacks? #BlackLivesMatter
you support the terrorist(ypg, pyd, daesh and pkk), they started to throw things and attacked the turks over there. Don't cry for them.
Ulan FETÖ'nün iti , yaralı diye paylaştıkların terör örgütü propagandası yapıyor.
Kahpesin Enes kahpe...
The people of ferguson agree 
Apparently we do do this here.
Vurun Allah'ınıza kurban!
Hey John, why no arrests? Diplomatic immunity allows this?
@PoloPersonGwen 

Your Pres didn't have prob w it #whatYouGonnaDoJohn?
@realdonaldtrump is #NotMyPresident I wouldn't vote 4 him as dog catcher.
I do hope you help Enes Kanter get a U.S. Passport or something so he can continue his good work and career in NBA #FreeEnes
You did / do more than this outside USA Mr MCcain
To be fair, Mr. McCain, didn't the U.S.A. start from such demonstrations?

#BostonMassacre #BostonTeaParty #SiegeOfBoston #RevolutionaryWar
Not saying I condone such violent demonstrations.  Just saying, it's amazing how many here view their own history of protest as "heroic."
Ulan serefsiz , ülkene karşı İngilizlerin yanında mi oluyorsun...
Hocanında seninde Allah belanı versin...
Yeah, u just KİLL"Afro" citizens
but it is ok for a foreign power to kick the crap out of their people when you visit their country huh?.....
Bu bile pkk nin ve feto pic kurusunun ortak oldugu acin niye zorunuza mi giti kanter
@VOANews 
This is US, so you can imagine whats going on in Turkey!
@VOANews imagine what happens if we protest government here in Turkey, yeah true guess :)
We used to do it all the time back in the good ole days.  Kids would fight it out in the playground come home with a black eye.
Guess you've missed all the Berkeley and other college protests against conservatives. But, you're really a democrat, so no biggie, right?
I agree with your sentiments, but have you looked out your window lately, thugs are running around everywhere #POTUS
Totally agree,perhaps they thot OK after watchingR liberal media + the LEFT baiting violent protests + @MaxineWaters  NOT denouncing such???
Oh please, McCain. U know damn well our military, & police forces work as private security for the oligarchy. US cops are much more violent
Oh, no. Never!
look at all the fucks they gave!!!
@SenJohnMcCain Speak about Berkeley shut down free speech #AntiFaTerrorist pepper spraying & hitting women? Where is your outrage about this
You do not do this, but I'm sure it happens here in the U.S. everyday.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump who invited this thug and his goons to your country.
They attacked protesters exercising their first amendment rights. If they can't feel safe in front of the white house, where can they?
@BCISLEMAN America's values have gone out the window w/this WH Admin. They foster & perpetuate hate, division & bigotry.

@FlaTalkLeaders @kaneradioshow @BrianCraigShow @briancraigradio @frdrsjr
Humans will be humans... anyplace anytime...
Think about what turkish people are going through in Turkey. This man has to be stopped. West is watching TR turning into dictatorship
@VOANews Yes we know. YOU do this in third countries looking for easy prey. Sorry for this inconvenience.
Why do you only pay lip service to Public Servant Trump's thuggery then? You talk a good game and then do nothing.
Welcome to the USA you want. We The People request that you step down.
So you gonna publicly demand their immediate expulsion, Senator?
It's what Dictators do and Trump seems to like them dictators......makes you wonder....
We just do it internationally.
So what does it take to have them removed?!
thanks for speaking out but they have watched our last to years of DT verbally instigating violence against our democracy. :(
McCain is a treasonous, lying pos. He  funded & armed ISIS w/ HRC & @BarackObama Your time is coming. You & cronies will pay for your crimes
#NeverVoteGOP #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
Said the person who took $$$ from Clinton Foundation to fight against Pres. Trump, a duly elected Potus. Supports use of Soros funded 
.
rioters to try to scare ppl back into the #deepstate control system & unseat a Pres., using media as a weapon to push lies & cause chaos
I agree, get Turkey out of USA for beating up and kicking the Kurds who were expressing their First Amendment rights. They aren't welcome.
Agreed. Trump has "great respect" for Erdogan ( whose name he mispronounces). Erdogan watched this brawl and did nothing to stop it.
Yet we defend those that do and legitimize there presidency while also not performing operations because they don't like the Kurds
And yet it happened just after Russia was allowed to come into our oval office with their media & photographers but the US was barred!
An incredible outrage! Thank you for speaking up, sir.  Erdogan must be removed from the country immediately- there must be consequences!!!
Mr. McCain, Did you see this covered on the Phillip DeFranco show?@PhillyD
Oh but you do tacitly endorse it.  Don't recall the ruckus you made about Trump rallies.
Not that excuses their behavior but don't be hypocrite either Senator.
Really I'm very sure that I have seen many brawls between opposition party followers since last year.That's exactly what we do in America.
McCain we dont do this here,is he joking,we have anarchist libs run wild smashing shops, cars, Trump supporters,McCain go back ur own planet
Although I voted for you, you seem to have become a never Trump sneak thug yourself.
TURKISH THUGS need to go home. THIS IS  AMERICA WE CAN PROTEST.  GET THE HELL OUT OF AMERICA IF YOU WONT  FOLLOW OUR LAWS.
Please do something about this!  This is horrible!!!
Do something about is sir and just talk about it!
Thank you John for speaking for all Americans, not just your party members!
and we support our President here in United States
As an Armenian, I am frustrated re: no US recognition of the Genocide. As an American, I thank you for condemning these attacks.
JOHN, TIME TO GROW SOME BALLS AND IMPEACH AND JAIL THE DESPICABLE SO CALLED "PRESIDENT" BE A HERO AGAIN NOT A ZERO
Liberals have been doing it since Nov 8th 2016, and nobody said anything...............
I thought Trump was going to get rid of the thugs that are causing harm in America...instead he invites them in.
that's exactly how the Thuggish Liberals act when they don't get their way let's throw them out too...
that's why Dutch authorities escorted those Erdogan-babboons back to where they came from, denying them to practice his dictatorial violence
I would have also accepted "ridiculous" "stupid" "shameful" as proper descriptors as well. 
reminds me when chinese presidents bodyguards beat the protesting slovaks in Bratislava, nothing happened, disgusting
Except of course when law enforcement shoot, strangle, punch, kick and taser unarmed citizens.
yes, yes, you are firmly against it and will most certainly feel great remorse when you continue to allow it, blah blah blah

retire already
@potus When will the US stand up against crimes against humanity?  Turkey is not and have never been our ally!  #DivestTurkey
however you have no problem with people at Berkley College doing the same damn thing! As long as it's against Trump it's OK!
kurdish protestors always intimidating, they did the same in the uk
Cultural integration . Oppression and death are upon our grandchildren for allowing this people to come to the U.S. with their bloody wars.
Thank you Sen.McCain for speaking up against Turkish tugs of dictator Erdogan. As a Turkish- American citizen I salute you.
Bananas Republic!!!!
Then DO something about it instead of just talk.
I agree, Senator McCain! 
Do those Turkish Security guys think they're Leftist students at UC Berkeley or something?
Have you ever been to a Trump rally?
Those cops should've used pepper spray .
So, what have you actually done about it? Have you called for the arrest of the thugs? We're waiting... #maverick #traitor #CountryOverParty
Thx @SenJohnMcCain - time to say it clear: The turkish Pres. #Erdogan is a oppessor!
Thank you Senator McCain for taking a stand.
Where have you been when BLM has destroyed cities and LE lives,blocked highways?you are a joke.
@VOANews where is " your " so called POTUS  John McCain?Looks like the rallies where trump incites violence
Senator McCain, please talk to your president and bring this issue to light. Repercussions need to be held for Erdogan and his allies.
Apparently you do, under Herr Trump, with the GOP as the ruling Fascists.  Don't like it?  Leave the GOP.  You're better than this.
I love that you have found your testicles again.  It's been a few decades.
Turkey doesn't belong in NATO! Turkish goons do not belong in America!
Unless (police) 
Nah we mace and arrest after beat down. Much easier cleanup.
Is this who needs to be put out of the country?
Agree. But you support child beheaders in #Syria
Condemn the president for inviting the guy behind it into the White House
You might wanna tell 45* - cause he LOVES this dude, bigly
Excuse is ,these were not peaceful protestor PKK terrorist organisation supporters part of YPG that USA supporting with arms and troops!!
USA SUPPORTS TERRORIST ORGANİZATION ISIS PKK PYD !!!! NEW WORLD ORDER I FUCK !!!!
THE WORLD İS BİGGER THAN FİVE !!!
NEW WORLD ORDER I FUCK JOHN !!! FUCK ILLUMINATI !
USA SUPPORTS TERRORIST ORGANIZATION ISIS PKK PYD FETO !!! USA ==>WHO İS PM ? WHO İS REAL PM ?
,really!!! Seems to be happening a lot lately .Inaugural,berkley,many other places around the US.We need to drain the swamp.
hahahaha
hahahahhaha
hahahahahha
hahahahahahahhahahahhahah
Why the hell does he keep bringing dictators and thugs to our WH? This is reason you don't! The idiot in charge and his army oh repugs
And in the USA, we have respect for the office of the POTUS & the man & don't use inappropriate name calling.We stick to facts.Not fake news
Trumps buddy Erdogon. Weird, huh?
This is Trump's America and he condones this kind of behavior as he idolizes dictators like Erdogan.
I agree with the Republican. And I'm a freaking liberal.
what are next steps on this?  can they be pursued or not for diplomatic reasons?
YEAH only AMERICAN police can toss our protesters around MAGA
Yes we do where is your outrage when democratic protestors attacked republicans On more than one occasion sick of your hypocrisy
Sorry John, of course Pkk/ypg are your terrorists, we must wait them to kill Turkish delegation ha? Keep your dogs or dont cry
@VOANews #usaturkishAmbOut
You are such a hypocrite!
I'm sorry chap but these days it seems you do in fact do that. I've just watched it.
we thought that until your people elected donald trump.  dont be a hypocrite.  youve been nice to worse scum than this
What will your security do if Al Kaide attack your people and delegation at anywhere in the World? You will bomb, right?
I remember when the Cold War was real and a wise man lost a career for suggesting your pal Henry was a red mole.  Wish he were here.
