Dear Sir, unless you move quick Bannon will have dismantled your Democracy. This is an SOS. SOS SOS SOS, move your asses.
where is ur dead line on the Trump Russian claim? Come out of closet RHINO
Please retire
Thank you 
regardless of politics you can't tell me you support a pedophile  " "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,'' Trump
It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it
Jeffrey enjoys his social life." http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/n_7912/ …
#Hypocrite
To think we Dems would call you a voice of some reason!  Stand up and defeat this bill to overturn Obamacare !
Talk, talk, talk. Where's the action? How long have you been a senator?
when are you gonna come forward and do something about the whole Russian spy thing, PLEASE before it's too late
FBI, CIA & NSA debunk Russian ties to Trump!
not true trump is intertwined with Russian mob that way he is hiding his 2015 taxes
OH OH!
Basically a softcore porn avenue with an unsigned article. If I can't vet this site, how could you?
you are s man of integrity and I applaud you for standing up for truth! If ever I would vote republican - u would be the man
#Impeach #potus not Obama the fake one http://www.inquisitr.com/3678556/details-about-donald-trump-and-bill-clinton-relationship-with-pedophile-jeffrey-epstein-update/ … #pedophile
What does it take for you to go on @azfamily News with me, to address Veteran abuse, delayed/denied care, and harassment?
It would be good to hear from you concerning the Russia situation or the health plan recently revealed as that affects vets
Soon to be comrade be veterans?
Crowley was to get a job in #Trump's WH but didn't due to plagiarism. She is now a lobbyist 4 a pro-Russian oligarch http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/03/14/monica-crowley-lost-white-house-job-now-she-s-got-one-with-pro-russian-oligarch.html …

If @realDonaldTrump's #GOP repeal the #ACA, thousands upon thousands of vets & their families will lose health care. Will Fischer explains… 
As a Vietnam Veteran, I would appreciate if you shut up and go home.Let's talk when Nixon pardoned you for treason?
Hold your colleagues accountable & impeach @realDonaldTrump.  This has gone on long enough. Stand up!
Sorry, can't impeach him for doing nothing unconstitutional!  #allmorons
wait & see #onlymoronsfollowTrump
I am a Democrat but you are my favorite politician. Much respect to you.
Thank you for supporting Veterans & standing up for what you think is right. Seniors need saving from this healthcare thing.
Too late, Sir! AZ VA Ctr the worst. You didn't stop corruption? Too selfish I’m afraid. You+Sen Graham-Suppt @POTUS !
Mental health in severe need to be reconsidered also !!!!!
yes, absoultly it is very critical issue!!
stop be Used by the Democrats !
Your time is running out. Bannon will soon have your Democracy. And White Supremacist will be Running America. It almost Ovr
You have never cared about VETERANS!.  HANOI JOHN, SONG BIRD - GO BACK TO HANOI WE ARE DONE WE YOU!
what about Russia?????????
yea that's more important than vets dying waiting on care huh?
My nurse tells me to go to the emergency room rather than wait the 2-3 months for an appointment.
RINO! Here's your proof Barry spied on http://Trump.Now  get to work for our vets!You're the reason we need term limits
Touche!!  Get over it -- you nor Graham made President.  Grow up Sir! FULLY support our @POTUS
Keep up the good work Senator!
Since when have you cared about our Vets?  #traitor
All these years and you have done nothing. Much talk and empty words. Time to go home, total failure!
You would have gone down as a hero - Now You are just a Fake News Media Clown w ZERO Friends #maga
It must be lonely having 1 friend The Lying Fake News Media!!  @CNN @NewDay @MSNBC Become #Dem & u'll have more friends #maga
Like U care! Why haven't U done more b4 now? DJT showing you up? Get behind our President. Stop rallying to dems! RINO!
is a phoney as is Lindsey Graham. Should be in charge of jail house janitor with Graham his tolite boy. Both are skum Dems
Yada yada yada...blah blah blah, what did u do about Vets for yrs? NADA ZILCH ZERO! Ur as much 2 blame as Obummer!
The high point of your career after blowing up the forestal is to undermine your president. In office from 1981 a waste.
The nut cases in this thread are fucked up. You are a hard core republican with intelligence.  As a dem... i respect  that!
Sir... didn't vote for you man, but I love ya! You are a true  American! Just awesome!
I don't even believe you even care for vets. Tell us the truth what is really in it for you senator. This sounds fishy.
You're a YUGE disappointment. We know you're a Democrat, come out of the closet. The sad news, MSM will still reject you.
AND YOU DO A DIS-SERVES TO ALL VETERANS! AND I FOR ONE SAY STOP FIGHTING WITH MY PRESIDENT AND START WORKING WITH HIM!
Your a veteran just like me! But I want to be perfectly clear here. YOU DON'T SPEAK FOR ME!
what a joke you have become
what a joke you are it show you are paid by hilary clinton.  Time to retured from repubiclan party
We prefer a Democrat in your seat at least we know is a DemocRat 
You are snake
When are you going to admit that you run as republican but you are truly DemocRats .
We R done with you .
Last term 4 you
You are a perfect example of why we need term limits.
your time is coming when the POTUS  disciplines you....
Are you senile? why don't you retire or change party.  We do not need a dishonest politician in the Republican Party!!
McCain needs to be wire tapped to hear what he is doing against America. #Songbird
he is a pedaphile&is being black mailed by Hillary.Bill Clinton has photos of him & prostitutes,Obama has childpx @potus
You aren't much help to the Republican Party and the chance of a lifetime it has. Get on board or risk giving it back to Dems
,u need to sweep your door( we needed to know who BHO was when u wereGOP RUNNING) I sat & begged u to ? Him and NO U DIDNT!!
I will never trust u again,Why act like u care now & u let him deceive us without a word!U want to hurtTrumpthus u HURT US
HIM IN LAST TWEET IS BHOBAMA. U DID USA SO WRONG SO I DONT WANT TO HEAR OR SEE YOU, U R OLD ESTABLISH GO HOME!
@realDonaldTrump dear President Steve and Janey. We are rooting for you, don't ever tell us to vote for McCain again
You have NEVER done anything for the Vets as a career politicians you liar.
I'm embarrassed your my senator, your turning into a puppet of the democrats running to fake news every chance you get.
@Sherrey12 @SenJohnMcCain vote him out,
Photo Op.....that's all it is for you #Songbird
SO IRONIC THAT U FOUGHT 4 THIS COUNTRY BUT U R STILL TRYING 2 DIVIDE THE COUNTRY REALLY IRONIC I SO DISRESPECT U MCCAIN!!!
Time for you to retire! Enough of your complaining! Your old!
Had i known you were going to yurn out this way, I never wouldve worked so hard on your campaign. Beyond disappointment.
*turn
no!! Do it the way @POTUS @realDonaldTrump had suggested #tiredofyourbs
why are POW records sealed !  I don't believe AZ re-elected you ! Let's investigate! Benidect Arnold !!
John shut up and sit down
Traded
you are no HERO! You are a ZERO and a corrupt one at that. Do something other than run your trap! TERM LIMITS! Damn, you are overdue.
enjoy your last term
I'm a veteran and can't use the VA system. It's a slap in my face but people like you that will not help President Trump quit
retire, your old and out of touch
We spend more than the top 9 countries below us combined. Where is the waste going?into contractors pockets and out of ours?
The pentagon study said that the pentatagon wastes 100 billion a year. Why is that o.k? How can it need more money?
Why are the American people being asked to do more with less and the Military keeps getting more money?
what about Trump's lies regarding the alleged Obama wiretap? His conflicts of interest with businesses? His Russian contacts?
Loretta Lynch requested 3 FISA Warrants to spy on Trump!  Obama's handprints r on that!
Shut up & Sit the Hell Down. You took money from George Soros to betray America, You armed & funded Isis as well.
I you  were 1/2 decent, you may have been called upon to be in charge of Veterans affairs. You didn't do anything positive.
don't you think it's been a complete failure. Look at all of the problems in Phoenix.
, you have been in government for how long? Your state Az. Has the worse VA abuse in the USA.
Your ass has been in office since the beginning of time. You have done little for vets! Showboat!
As one of your constituents, would you please stay off TV? We are sick and tired of your NON SUPPORT! #@foxnewspolitics
Impeach Trump Now! #DonTheCon #RussiasPuppet #Treason4Trump
Dr Alan Doyle, former head of rehab at Jupiter, Florida, VA, informed you years ago about corruption, which you ignored.
You need to quit the GOP and become a DEMOCRAT. You are either a sulky loser or a closet liberal. Tired of your rants.
: Some time ago, you became an institionalized, corrupt, self serving traitor to our nation ~ and you should be prosecuted!!
Remember...I won, you lost? There's no veil to your animosity toward Trump. It's clouding your judgement!
You've had YEARS to really help veterans admin. you and your rino friends have only made things worse. #fact
do u not have anything better 2 do than attack the Pres  no loyalty no honor no patriotism  attention seeker!
How is asking  for proof backstabbing? I thought you guys hated #fakenews so whats wrong with asking 4 proof?
I don't believe either sides bullshit I am not a sheep. Both sides lie, but we are talking trump why can't you +
we as Americans are sick and tired of McCain attacking our
President Please keep calling stop McCain.202-224-2235
Sen McCain is the ONLY REP doing the right thing by his country.  #Hero
Is that right? so is this the same program that's been NOT helping #VETS?
your slogan should read: what is in there for me. I could not care less about Americans, let alone vets. You = deception.
The worst abuse happened in your state . How long have you been in Government ? Smh nobody takes you serious
Stop attacking your president!!! WTF is wrong with you??? Are u a democrat?
Trumps honesty over Dems 24/7
You are a joke!! You want evidence... Read the Wall Street journal! You will find what the hell you need. Go to the corner 
if you are going to request proof of a wiretap from the President then you need to do same of Dems if not stop the showboatn
What have you been doing for 8 long years? Why are you against the peeps of the US that voted TRUMP? Are you still angry?
Nixon pardon you for a crime??
Side Tracking Away from issue of McCain obstructing Trump's appointment to DNI Senate Hearing! Anti-president manipulation.
you are currently the Republican voice of humanity & reason. Thank you for yr courage & moral compass.
WHAT A PROPAGANDIST YOU ARE!
how long have you been saying this ? decades... how long have you been a senator ? decades .. you are the problem
schill wish we could fire you
// How long have you been a Senator?  How long have Vets been living on the streets?

support trump.greatest president to support our military u should b ashamed support PRES TRUMP or.shut up Clinton using you
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/03/09/roads-airports-fare-worst-in-civil-engineers-infrastructure-report-card.html …
Maybe try putting veterans ahead of migrants?
chicommie McCain you need to be quite, and support  a real man like TRUMP
you are an embarrassment to your party & country. You shamelessly attack your party's president but never once challenged BHO
Hey Man, Do you Know what Freedom of Speech is. Trump uses his Freedom to. He has Sources just like the media. Gos Both Ways
Have you seen the flags representing vets that have taken their lives? Stop attacking @POTUS & help our vets!! #RetireMcCain
is no hero. Heros domt sing like birds causing the death of fellow soldiers after being capture to save their own neck.
killed more soldiers as a traitor giving out secrets than the va has allowed to die.  Facts!!
I would vote for you in 2020
People do not like or trust you. Get out of politics old fart and scam.
Seriously? Shut up! You have done nothing for Veterans in Arizona! You need to resign!
why now. Past failure starting to finally get to you. Our Zpotus snd new va adm eillveork to fix what u snd swamp allowed
you people think ths guy cares about POW's? this guy is only hanging around to suck as much off the American people as he can
THANK YOU FOR BEING A RATIONAL VOICE! Hold POTUS accountable...Be a true Maverick leader Dems & GOP hold in high regard.
YOU ARE A FOOLTHE ONLY WAY TO FIX THE VA IS TO MAKE ALL HC INS CONTRACTS "NON-PROFIT! GIVE THEM THE SAME INS U HAVE IN SENATE
Clean up your Phoenix VA!
Hey, Maryanne, for someone who went thru all the shit you did, you sure are a goo-goo baby when it comes to Trump!Waaaaaaaaah
McCain, would you shut up about Trump already and legislate!
you another one proving that we need TERM LIMITS!
If you cared about America you'd resign.
War lover McCain. Stop attacking Republicans.
McCain is now outed as an Obama Deep State operative along with Lindsay Graham. Pathetic because they are so obvious.
 30 years in the Senate of nothing but blah, blah, blah. #draintheswamp 
Youve done nothing to help #veterans

#CONGRESS #vet #vet
if you start backing our president we will get more done for the veterans than we ever have had done! Quit crying and whining
Please Sen McCain help us before trump/bannon dismantle this government. We are getting quite fearful  now.
You have done little to correct the VA, Senator. Are you incompetent?
so true Tom he makes my skin crawl! Liar phony  not fixed the VA anywhere even his own state. He needs to leave
traitor
