It would be nice if you were loyal to the people. Fuck Trump, do something for us. Healthcare has to start somewhere, get with the program.
What you gonna do? Are you gonna be on the side of your republicans or are you gonna do what's right for Americans?
Thank you Senator McCain!
Please vote no on Graham/Cassidy bill. ACA is the only way my kids get ins. I'm disabled & regs don't let kids get ins. W/O adult on policy.
I am a widow, and there aren't provisions for how people on Medicare can cover their minor children. Rules changed 4 kids & priv. Insurance
I have 5 kids and 15 grandchildren. They get coverage for the kids. Change this bs med law that charged us over 400 cuz we had 3 mos w/o ins
All of your grandkids only have parents who have medicare?  Your kids and their spouses are all over 65 or disabled? Medicare isn't Medicaid
John McCain will not let American people down he will do the right thing
Sen McCain please.. graham may be your friend but you of all people should recignize how important health care is! Cancer doesn't play favs!
And it doesn't mean your life is more valuable. People deserve the same treatment and chance that you were given.
Pass this bill.
Nooooo he MUST SIGN THIS BILL!!! I don't have insurance and I live in Az!!!
I live in CA and couldn't afford the premium last year. Pd 400+ fine cuz we were w/o inc. No ins 4 mos 23k income taxed or fined "free " not
I'm so sorry. I made the decision to go "uninsured" soon as PRES Trump deleted BO fine. I'm still w/o HC. Next yr majority ppl will opt out
Senator McCain, I am sorry for your struggle. I too have had cancer. I want to thank you for being a Senator for all Americans. God speed.
Americans are depending on your No Vote
DO NOT INCLUDE ME IN "AMERICANS DEPENDING ON NO VOTE" Mr Mark the "resister" Go suck an egg!!!
Your dismissively weak insult is that. A majority of Americans show no support of the health care Republicans are trying to pass.
Probably none of them read the bill and are just going on the propaganda that keeps going. Preexisting,low inc, etc. Covered. PASS the bill.
I don't believe any of them care! They're covered w/different/better HC. Doing what deep state & Soros tells them to
Sir, we need your leadership on #GrahamCassidyBill . This horrible legislation will make ins unaccessible for tens of millions. inc my wife
Have you actually read the full bill even the changes? I know Pelosi said u have to pass the bill to read it, don't buy into the bs, read it
Sen john McCain you are a true hero thank you for all u have done for this great country 
Senator McCain once a HERO ALWAYS A HERO!
Please Vote no on this new bill to do away with the ACA. Fix it don’t destroy it!
He's voting yes. He already informed Graham. Sorry.
I think you must have been misinformed...thankfully this is dead. We need a bipartisan fix to the ACA please!!
Lol the democrats aren't interested in a fix. They want single payer period.
You have a great responsibility to Americans now. Do what's right. Save HC from this corrupt, greedy administration. America needs you.
You've been the shining light throughout this black nightmare of a Presidency! Please vote no on this horrible bill. Thank you. Be well! 
McCain is on board. Deal being made with Murkowski  in Alaska. It's not a Cornhusker  kickback like obama but enough for a yes.
Healthcare is an issue that will unite after you've destroyed their coverage. Do you want to leave that legacy or partisan jerk?
For a health care solution to be successful longterm it needs bipartisan support and an open process with many hearings. Thanks for leading.
#DumpRyan
#DitchMitch
Do members of Congress deserve better healthcare plans than working Americans?
No. They should be right with me waiting 3 mos for important examination and tests.
Please, sir. Vote NO to Graham-Cassidy. Our lives depend on you once again. Please be the hero we all know you to be. 
Too bad we can't say the same for you
Mr. McCain,please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy-trump Bill.Don't let your legacy be dictated by trump.He is Corrupt,incompetent and Insane.
Save America Sir..vote no please..
So we keep Obamacare and slowly transform to single payer?! Are you nuts?!

That all you got haha failure at an epic level! ouch that hurt
Your cute with your cartoons, have a good evening my American Brother! Believe it or not; we are in it together!
God Bless your heart! now go in peace..and have a most amazing night..
mean lean machine onlyveating our taxesbwith a big salary ignoring the needy, you crook!!!
and was from Tucson Arizona,  you ignored him instead of helping him with the FECA Dept of Labor!!
my father was loyal WWII vet and loyal federal employee and you did not wanted to help him when he ask for your help!!
Time to step down. Shame full
You should retire if you don't vote for repealing Ocare!
You must repeal Obamacare! It's killing us & giving insurance companies billions! You promised to repeal it for years!
Term limits
What you say is good for the people MUST be good for you too...obamacare for congress-people as well..McCain family included
Back Stabber McCain .... some friend of Senator @LindseyGrahamSC you are, sad
Loyal ????????? .... What about your Promises on Repeal ACA ????
Although I'm a D. I have ultimate respect for John Mc Cain. He defended Obama, and he is a fair man! Thank u senator
Both of you need to step way down!
Is he the one responsible for you LYING about wanting to repeal Obamacare?
Thanks for failing the people of Arizona and having no faith in the Governor.
So it's his fault.
Mr. McCain , you are now and have always been my hero! I applaud your common sense approach to healthcare.
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator.
Affordable care act is unaffordable  get rid of it unless you get it for free or at reduced price then it's all good, if u work u pay $$$$
congratulations!
Congrats, Joe!  Fantastic job for a very long time. True and loyal friend always.
You all will answer to GOD on this horrible bill that will murder millions! And you all will pay for making this wrong decision! #HaveMercy
I am so disappointed in U sir! I know Graham is UR bestie, but 2murder millions of ppl for friendship is wrong! You know GOD is not pleased!
Please vote no again. For my son who has Down Syndrome and everyone I take care of at work, through no fault of their own are disabled.
Do the right thing!
My daughter has 2 heart problems & brain tumors & auto immune! Shes afull-time student. She has no doctor and no insurance. Please vote yes!
You owe the country to save healthcare for those who need it most.  Mostly because we are still dealing with Sarah Palin and that's on you.
get a clue democrats don't care about you
Great story, just think in 2days administration,  you can get a job in WH not with experience, but with Russian monie$.
@SenJohnMcCain Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill - we are counting on you
You surround yourself with loyal people by listening.  I am listening to your words about normal order & bipartisanship!
Please vote NO on #CassidyGrahamBill
If u really meant what u said at last vote, u will VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy unless full congressional hearings & CBO score is given.
Remember everyone will stand before God and give an account for their deeds. Good and bad.
Please vote no Sir.
Please please please vote your conscience on what I call the Death Star bill.
Please don't sell out America! Insist on regular order for G-C! This is big!
Vote no on Graham Cassidy!
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy and thank you for your service!
REPEAL OBAMACARE what you campaigned for or go officially to Democratic party which you already support
Senator McCain should vote yes on the Graham Cassidy bill giving power back to the states
"Republicans Don't care what the bill will do all they want is the 3.2 tril for their rich friends they don't care who  they kill to do it
Why not be loyal yourself and repeal obamacare. So far you are nothing but a traitor, and a liar. You lied to us.

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Thank you for standing up to the ACA repeal. PLEASE DO IT AGAIN! Your country needs you!!!
Everything you loathed about the first GOP Bill, John, is in G/C. And it pits Governors as Health Czars! Rich states WIN & Poor States LOSE!
Start serving the American people
 Pass Healthcare, tax reform and immigration. Then go home and get well
Good morning sir.  Regular order sir.  Thank you for your service

@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  we beg you to please do the right thing this is not a party issue it's a human rights issue https://twitter.com/ToDropADime2/status/910924614976643073 …
Can we count on you for one more...
4 a moment imagine U R a middle class person having insurance under Graham-Cassidy parameters. Would you have a chance of recovery or not.
Please vote NO
Please stand up against TrumpCare 4.0! These bills just keep getting worse. Unanimous opposition: insurance, hospitals, doctors, patients.
Senator, Please vote NO on the Graham Cassidy health bill. Citizens lives are at stake. Please do not allow friendship to cloud your vision.
Whether you will be remembered as the one who saved health care of millions of Americans, or ripped it from them, is in your hands, again.
Mr.McCain you voted against this terrible healthcare bill once before, I hope Americans can rely on you, our hero to vote "NO" once again.
Don't let us down John! Stick with us. You wouldn't want your healthcare jerk ed away from u, would u? Preexisting!

PLEASE STOP THE DISASTEROUS #GrahamCassidy BILL!!
The promise was better healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
You should take his advice to & RETIRE!
Senator McCain, please vote for AZ & all Americans. Please vote NO on dangerous deadly #NoGrahamCassidy
Please don't make this decision based on your friendship with Graham. My best friend and I are opposites on politics but I still love her.
Why are you on here. Can't stand you Mr McCain. Thumbman!!
SON HAS FINANCE PROBS.  PAID $2000 TAX4 /2016 NOT USING OBCARE. $5000 DEDUCT 2 MUCH. PREMIE TWINS, OTHER 3 FAM. NEED BETTER INS!  PASS BILL.
Last time up you made a very noble and human decision please stick to your guns. Do not let these hurtful people pass their replacement.
Please give a thumbs down. #grahmcassidy  PLEASE
Sen. McCain, if you vote down ACA you must forfeit your healthcare. It’s only right. It’s the right thing to do.
When are you going to reture
Bye to you too
You're colleagues don't even care what is in this latest healthcare bill.  That's your reason to vote NO.  Ethics, John.
Repeal and replace Obama care. My premiums have doubled and I have  1 carrier only in my state.
Amazing, ppl begging McCain to vote "no" on HC either have resist, DACA, Im with her, or feel the Burn in their Bio's. Obviously a YES vote
McCain MUST VOTE NO on  Repeal of ACA!!!!!!!
THANK you for saving my life by voting NO on Graham Cassidy.
John, Cassidy uses Kimmel's name in a lie on national TV your friend Graham does not care the rich is going to get 215 billion tax break??
Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Bill! Don't we deserve the same healthcare you have? For the love of God, protect the American people
Don't let us down now! My Georgia senators won't protect us. Be on the right side of history and please vote no on the #GrahamCassidyBill
you fought for us, you protected us with your NO vote. We come to you again, protect the American people, this bill is horrible. Bipartisan
Please vote No on GrahamCassidy. We deserve the same good care that you're receiving for your brave fight against cancer. Thank you
Please don't vote yes to this murderous bill. We are counting on you to do the right thing, Senator.
How about you continue your loyal support of people of AZ&USA,&stop #CassidyGraham http://travesty.Support  people,not Lindsey
Don't change your History.
Stay strong Senator.  Don't compromise your principles, you are a hero!
You realize you will have left the world a far worse place with your warmongering right? That is your legacy. U R too stupid to know it
Please don't fall prey to the corruption around the #SaveACA 
I know you will do the right thing.  Stand up for the American people.
No Repeal #ACA again! Thank u! Hope u r doing well! 
I hope you are doing well! Please do not support this new HC bill! So many will be hurt!
Thank you for saving ACA. You are saving lives and lives of our babies.  You are a true hero to America Sir!
Continue to vote no on non-bipartisan health care
Dear Senator, I am an AZ sr with several health issues.  Please continued to insist on  HC bills that help people. No Graham
Mr McCain evry1 needs health care as U should knw w/ur recent scare..think ot t/babies
What a bunch of crybabies on welfare.  #givemefreestuff
Reward us all by resigning
Please demand regular order then make your decision . Don't go along with underhanded & unscrupulous politics. 

PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY
Please vote no on the Graham Cassidy bill. Millions of Americans are counting on you to keep their healthcare.
Well said!
Ken Klocke: The people need you now more then ever @SenJohnMcCain  
#StayStrong https://www.google.com/search?q=legendary+leadership+john+mccain&KLOCKE1=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X= … #Honor #Beast
wow! 30 years.  Yet another reason for #termlimits
Still around?
Millions of children's health and well being depend on your voting against Cassidy. A sick child knows no political party.
Sick and disabled people are waiting to hear what you are going to do. Quit torturing them.
  Have the courage to tell them your vote.
Sen.McCain, we nd U on the RT side of tht fence UR sitting on! There is nthg 2 think abt! I know UR besties with L.G.but we're yr. Priority!
Now it time for you to do what you said. Repeal Obamacare!!
Please don't give in to this latest abomination of a health care bill.  "Give in" = "give up" on your own convictions - that's not you!
Arizona would lose $11 billion under Graham-Cassidy
Senator, vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Sen you do not represent Sen Graham in Congress you represent the people of Arizona. This bill will harm both the citizens and the state.
Please continue your brace service to this country and vote against the G/C healthcare debacle.
Sen your Gov of Az is selling out his state for hope getting your vote. 19B loss by 2027 and over 400k people loosing healthcare. Vote NO
Please vote no on the Graham-Cassidy healthcare!
Please Senator McCain vote NO on Cassidy-Graham. Regular order only. A bi-partisan solution needed. People's lives are on the line. Please.
Vote no please!
McCain is not going to do what right for America he never has
Stay strong Sen. McCain. People's healthcare depends on you.
please vote no on new proposal for health care we need your heart felt vote
Do the right thing. Vote No! on this horrible healthcare ill bill. Vote NO. Please.
pls do not support Graham-Cassidy.  The nation looks to you for moral leadership.
Шакал - сыкун!
This bill is not designed to help Americans. In fact it will do the opposite! Why can't Congress just tweek ACA and let it go? We need you!!
Senator McCain..Please don't sale out the American People! I erge you to Vote No on the new Health bill!
Please Sen. McCain, don't back this new healthcare debacle. They are playing with people's lives for no good reason!
Please support our elderly and their families who rely on Medicaid for dignity in old age. Support the healthcare jobs for working families.
God bless Senator McCain.
Don't throw millions off of healthcare with #GrahamCassidy unless you want people dying or going bankrupt to be part of your legacy

Dear @SenJohnMcCain: Great speech on regular order in July. If you believe your words, it would mean you need the CBO score prior to a vote. https://twitter.com/hiattf/status/910525851422253057 …
Information you need.
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy bill. Graham and Cassidy are the only 2 allowed to speak. No CBO score, no debate, no amendments, NO BILL.
It's to bad you haven't been loyal! Taking money from GEORGE SOROS is about as low as you can get! You are a traitor
Senator McCain , please save us from government health care. I have relatives in a country with gverment health care. It's a disaster .
AARP & AMA against Graham Cassidy. Helping women! Pregnancy? Back to 50's barefoot and pregnant? Elderly? Help! Bipartisan? Regular order?
@SenFeinstein  20h ago
The CBO won't be able to analyze the effects of #GrahamCassidy on coverage & premiums by Sept 30. NO SCORE, NO VOTE!
Why does the GOP want to keep taking healthcare away from babies & children born w/ birth defects? They didn't ask for this lifelong burden.
Mr Senator please do the right thing with this healthcare bill. This one is worst than the last.at least have CBO score it...
#termlimits
Don't let your constituents down. Stand up for what is right like you did before. Do not repeal ACA.
Call Senator McCain 202
-224-2235. I have and will continue to ask for a NO vote on #GrahamCassidyBill listen to your constituents
I hope you are healing well with treatment. It is time to be the hero again. Block #GrahamCassidyBill fight for us. #peopleOverParty
No to this terrible health care bill-- no to bought and paid for politicians...
Please dont repeal the ACA i was just going to check out cost to see if less then rent. A repeal vote sends me to how knows  guess u no care
How equals who
Vote NO on new health bill
McSTAIN'S STAFF (THE RATS) ARE JUMPING OFF HIS BRAIN DAMAGED SHIP...McSTAIN IS TOAST! MOST HATED POLITICIAN IN THE WORLD!
My mother died of cancer. Medicaid gave her possible an extra year of life- we wouldn't have had that because treatment was SO expensive...
Cancer stole her health her dignity and her bank account. She never gave up and she left this world without a dime. But the CEOs were paid!
If you want to understand how cancer in a middle class family can bring you to your knees-When you are elderly and have no choices- ask me!
No on the new HC bill. Imagine it covering your preexisting illness. It will strip Arizona of HC for thousands. Medicare for all.
Arizona gets hit hard with tricky #GrahamCassidy. VOTE NO for Arizona.
New analysis finds Alaska is hit hard by #GrahamCassidy. So is Arizona. So is Ohio. 

Read full study here: http://go.avalere.com/acton/attachment/12909/f-04e3/1/-/-/-/-/Avalere%20CAP%20Graham%20Cassidy%20Bill%20Analysis.pdf … 
Did he leave in disgust at your hypocrisy in using OUR money for YOUR healthcare, even as you take it away from us. #YoureATraitorToUSA
Warmonger crazy McCain on killing spree to slaughter more civilians. Pimp 4 military industrial complex your $$ won't save u from cancer.
Cassidy went on national TV & lied straight 2 R faces! Please Sen. McCain! Do not support a bill worse than the last one! Wth would U? V.NO!
700 billion dollars for military and then take healthcare from millions. How could any of you vote for GRAHAM CASSIDY?
Hopefully you will retire soon also and wecan get something passed like healthcare and tax reform
https://twitter.com/imillhiser/status/910355420862132224 …
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy

Who could have predicted that this GOP health care bill would be their standard plan: don't get sick, but if you do, die when you go broke. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/910460041228034049 …
Rumor has it McCain foundation accepted $$$ from Soros. If true, shameful
Our faith on the GOP's Cassidy HC Bill is with you. We know that you will do the right thing for our citizens with a vote of yea or nah. TY
Sen McCain will you deny those of lesser statue what you have, everyone wants to live.  This is not about Obama, this about common decency.
Vote No.
