.@SenJohnMcCain Tweet about how many people your #NRA buddies have killed and your support of these domestic terrorists
.If U do not do ur job, dissidents here will be done away with as well. Protesters r going to be punished 1st
Well..let's see what will be said after Trump. Cuba has been doing that all along. Having ties might get then to change
So back to Arizona.
Take a minute, read Sen Flake's Roundup Report email. That'll scare anyone who plans on living 30 years +
Is this really the most important thing going on in your world today, Senator?
GOP needs to step up and get things settled down in the paranoid White House.
Please stop Trump!!! He's the biggest threat. If
I think WikiLeaks just proved you wrong, Bucko.
Just because fidel died died not mean the regime changed.people are tortured and jailed if they don't follow views
And yet your buddy HBO re-established ties with them! How does that make you feel John?
man up,put your leadership in drive,impeach the fool s.O.B be4 he desroys our freedom he already took integrity
and the Republicans will kill many more, thousands of americans if they repeal Obamacare..
Please stop giving ideas to your Liar in Command
You want to focus on a tiny island? What does Trump have on you Mr. McCain? You constantly called out Obama over Putin.
Really? Cuba? You are so quick to call out Obama on Cuba. What about your present President? Putin kills daily/Ukraine
McCain hired a guy accused of multiple #pedo crimes since 1982, finally got busted in 2009
#pizzagate
known by the company you keep, was that your pick up man
brilliant move on our part - what are you doing about it?
We can become another Cuba or russia if we are not careful.people..pay attention!
Currently more concerned about how Trump is destroying this country.
and thanks for standing up to trump. Even if briefly. Everything helps,I guess.
yah. Sounds just like Putin and trump. President Obama was right. In time,contact will help embolden the populace.time.
who cares? How about giving qitmo back to them. How about the Tuskegee experiment?
Mr. McCain you were on tv. weekly chastising Obama and his lack of response to Russia. Yet you question nothing of Trump
You are truly worried about Cuba and Obama? Where is your outrage over Trump and the Killer of far more people Putin?
What is this obsession dt has with #Putin.  This world is watching leader of the free world have a public meltdowns
@WS ....Mean while the korean nut thinks missiles are fireworks in Japans turf,iran fing british,USAs heads up n trumps ass
WE THE PEOPLE want a Special Prosecutor to Investigate Trump. OUR Country is in trouble.
well this is depressing
And yet you still fully support a white nationalist.
You are talking about Cuba & dissidents when @POTUS is in bed with Putin and nary a word from you about HIM!!? SHAMEFUL!
Hello? I've seen this before. ARE YOU DISTRACTED FROM THE REAL THREAT or do you just not care? #DumpTrump
#IndependentInvestigation
Agree that regime is fundamentally corrupt; it got that way in part because of American isolationist policies!
worry about your own dam country  and the stupid shit going on here.
Mr. McCain when a man learn to forgive and forget, is the best medicine for the soul. For  our country's sake!
gosh, that is sad.  What about discussing it at a TOWN HALL IN ARIZONA? Listen to your constituents
this happened because U would not stand up 2 Obama u r 2 busy destroying the USA
THAT is a must read?! Trump colluded w/ Russia. THIS is a must read.
that's great...but what are YOU doing. Roll up your sleeves and get something done with @GOP.
The closer we get to them, the more likely we can change them.
ur silence on #russiagate is appalling. Especially at ur age. Country over party.
SENATOR McCAIN, WHEN ARE WE GOING TO CUBA?
More pressing are Trump's lying tweets and Russian ties.
I'm not convinced you can prove a cause and effect here
You and your Republican sheep have a duty to America and the World to get rid of the moron in the White House.
WHAT? For 8yrs u were quiet, then acted out against Trump during campaign&NOW you decide to stick your toe in politics?
how many killed in #China senator?
How about breaking off relations with them? And then there is #Tibet
makes you wish you were in Cuba? Or is it war with Cuba now?
Bad news indeed Senator but what are you doing about the dissent phobic @POTUS here in the US?
Wow, this is some insane propaganda @wsj - facts should outweigh hyperbole and emotion in journalism.
why don't you do something?
so does @realDonaldTrump 's Buddy Putin.
while we are here worrying abt Cuba, why arent we dealing with our domestic issues. Its a scary time here!
Right, so it's all Obama's fault. How about criticizing the threat your current president is to democratic principles?
CS has lost touch with reality!!!
dude, this stuff doesn't change over night. Its neen decades and the U.S. so has racism... in congress... #deception
grampa take your meds.
You guys have lost so many things in the international theatre 4 the last 8 yrs , recovery would be hard ..
senator only thing I want to hear from u is that u want this wanna be fascist out of our WH.usa can't take much more!!!
NRI businessman Harnish Patel from Vadodara shot dead in South Carolina.  SOUTH CAROLINA!!
Perhaps u need to focus on a much greater crisis w/ @KremlinRussia_E sitting in ur @WhiteHouse & putin calling the shots
Why isn't continued engagement the answer? What's your recommendation?
stop it and do something about the Trump administration! Impeach him!
The Majority of Americans are calling for a special counsel to investigate #Trumprussia will you heed their call?

