You saying "great work" to a republican? You party of dems might be cross with you! You pile!
Go home
Thanks for your vote to repealing and replacing Obamacrap..keeping your promise.
Impeach Trump and get Pence in to run the country with some dignity
& yet he believes that Trump is a God-send & it's such an honor working with him...despite having totally contradictory views? We call bull
There something fetishistic between Mike and the Dumpkopff. Weird
After the love fest between Obama and Biden, you must be kidding. You kool-aid drinkers are unbelievable.
Go home, electorate tells John McCain
Pence is the epitome of the Antichrist!
the @VP  makes @realDonaldTrump look like a second rate loser.
As a USN vet I have been a fan of yours but your vote 4 Obamacare changed my mind. A yes vote would have meant a victory for Reps. Very sad
 Pence/McCain 2018 
Repeal and Replace President Game Show Host.
VP Pence is a true Republican. He supports President Trump who we voted for in a "bigly" way.
Great to see VP Pence speak outside the playpen of POTUS; maybe he should get ready to fill someone's shoes. Great job, @VP
Oh please...
I wonder if John McCain retiring to North Vietnam rumors are true?
#repealMcCain
shhhhh just go to sleep mcain.. it ok.. Not sure how prisoner of war is heroic but ok
Too late to act like a Republican now. I am ashamed I voted for you in 2008.
Support President TRUMP
Oh Michael. We need to have a chat again. Please consider the relevance of these inane missives before posting. No one is interested
What does that mean
RETIRE!!!
Traitor soo to meet your maker
Stop trying to kiss ass after no vote on ACA! Traitor in more than one way!
You are a traitor and a
 disgrace. Using the VA. ? Why not?
At least he is working for America, more than you can say, and your hate No vote on Health Care. Petty passed over for Adm
You were such a hero at one time now you're just a sellout who couldnt care less about the people and r trying 2 stay in power. Just resign
We both know that Trump will screw up anything anyone does good.
What the f@ck are u doing John! My Family in Prescott AZ insurance has tripled. Now they have to get rid of insurance and pay fine! J@ackass
Don't you hav to get chemo or something. No one wants to hear from . You are done old man. Glad to know you will go out in disgrace
Any comments on Russia's efforts to destabilize the United States and Europe?
...crickets.
This man must be impeached. His security clearance must be revoked now.
Good. Now, can you do anything about Tillerson & the we no longer promote democracy line? Or the we won't talk about human rights one?
Really? You know that Pence has colluded with Russia, right? A few platitudes is enough to lull you to sleep?
Sorry, John, you are my hero, but this lying, in the cahoots with DJT dirtbag, needs to go. He is tainted by same DJT lies, crimes & treason
What, is he telling them to go drown themselves in the Adriatic?
That salute he's giving is a pretty ominous visual cue!
Great work VP. Said no one. Ever.
You better start selling him. But so many are connected to Russian influence and I'm afraid he's one.
u  would do good to lay this matter before god and wait for his visible reply
and did they listen to u
American government is fooling its citizens regarding Russian sanctions. Never any Russian hacking on US elections. US is to dominate GAS.
Us is attempting to dominate gas throughout Europe.

Ok vp you see Russia tried to destabilize the balkens democracy but you still refuse tosay Russia elected you and trump
If you believe this administration wants to oppose the spread of tyranny in the West then I have a bridge to sell you.
Ok goodie John McCain is to get another WAR. $200 MILLION NET WORTH. WHY IS IT ALL YOU LIFETIME SENATORS ARE MILLIONAIRE?
Beer my ass.
I can't believe you a talking about good things about VP.  I understand you have change to Democrat.
Wishing you a speedy recovery. Unfortunately Pence is a wet suit with no backbone.
McCain get lost u old goat nobody cares what I think
i have un-officially dubbed you "the new titular-head of the Democrat Party"...gratz.
@vp go find your mommy!
I hope you are fairing well during your treatment. My prayers are with you.
Come on John he is as big of liar as Trump!
He didn't mention sex yachts or the electoral college or anything. So presidential!
Would be a better piece of advice if we were reliable/predictable actors.
I am not a Pence fan because of his misogynistic attitude but in this respect he acts more presidential than the one in the oval office!
@VP LIKE PUTIN IN SYRIA
PROPPING MIKKIE Waiting For
@potus Exit Hypocrisy
Erasing @BarackObama Legacy
Your Republican Agenda
Enabled

I c it all http://ift.tt/2f921Lq  

Opinion: The Trump administration takes up the cause of oppressed white people http://wapo.st/2tZTRb3 
Keeping you in our prayers and hoping we can still make Amendment for transferability happen . Waiting for return call from your office sir.
How long before trump is out and Pence occupies the Oval office?
The VP message would mean a lot more if the president could bring himself to condemn Russian aggression & get with the American program.
Go Home Mike Pence!
