Does Saudi Arabia support human rights..Senator? You love giving them weapons--in support of human rights?
Wonder if The neverTump recent Public Relations buy helped with this. Epic fail
and, last thing... can you take all the shit you're doing with you to your country ? please , thank you
Thank you for showing #TheRealDonaldTrump and his team what leadership is. They'll be swept out by the courts or our vote and you'll remain.
I am still waiting to see the senator take a FIRM stand for the people other then money  I know the dems suck but Republicans are aweful now
/\
Be gone to your true party already, #McCain >> The #DemocratSocialistGlobalist #Liars&TraitorsParty - #America is sick of you
How about we start in our own country, Senator?  Like with healthcare that is humane, training for officers, and excellent education for all
It's worth asking, tho...
dear american fellows, next time you want to support human rights, don't forget saudi medieval regime and ukrainian nazis please..
Senator, then focus on #Trumprussia b/c we can't do that w a potential traitor as president
Oh gosh if he would I think I would see if he is honest or not. would love for him to be honest but I don't know anymore
I'm def appealing to niceness b/c I'm rested. I agree w you 100%. He votes w traitor Trump
The right to life is a human right, and Americans murder people by calling it human rights.
you just like to destroy countries refusing to be puppets of the US, is that what you call human rights?  
You are such a hypocrite.
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-03-31/mccain-linked-nonprofit-received-1-million-from-saudi-arabia …
#NotMySenator
I'm sure he's talking about Human Rights in Syria or Iran (but for sure not in Saudi Arabia) And he doesn't care we don't believe his bull.
It's f-ing annoying to have people in this world pretending to represent us while all they do is create havoc so they can enrich themselves.

Senator your support of our quest for democracy in #Iran is priceless! Iranians all over the world applaud you!
outstanding!  thank you for reminder of what Americans are.
It is our duty to support human rights. Let us not forget the people living within our borders.
Supporting human rights step 1: stop bombing people.  McCain fails at step 1
We as a country need to throw out both parties. They are in too deep.
Jon mac pain is a babbling idiot. Rex Tillerson is trying to free Iranians from oppression and he's anti human rights?  GOP must go. Maga
Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iran. U murderous hack.
Says the US sanctioned arms dealer. So who have you sold weapons to this month johnny boy? What country have you destabilized. #Warmonger
You're over generalizing, you must mean "Selective" Human Rights, NOT ALL Human Rights, cos yuu sure as hell support Saudi Arabia & Israel.
SoWhenDoes HumanRightsAplyToAllinsteadOfLIPservice BeingDiferentThanHIPservice?PedoGateIs CrimesAgainstHUMANITY!Lila
Our response:
I feel like puking in your face, McInsane
Only for Islamic radicals and terrorists?
Human Right is not even worth bullshiting. Human Right Infact is mass scale impotency.
Mandatory reading for @Gop  @realDonaldTrump @TheDemocrats. Our elected officials obviously need a refresher course.
Let's investigate your role, McCain,  in arming ISIS in Syria with your CIA pal McMullin.  Thousands died because of your actions.
it's possible to be a realist and stand for principle
A terrorist supporting human rights. Is this a joke? #Hypocrite
Since you support human rights all of the sudden, are you prepared to admit that you were wrong about arming ISIS in Syria?
This sounded good until the call for Interventionism
John McCain on human rights is just like Saudi Arabia on women's rights. Both are deceitfull hypocrites.
your entire existence is a mistake
Hey aren't you the guy that made ISIS?
This guy actually thinks we don't know what he has done #idiot
Was your Arming jihadists from 80 countries to murder Gaddafi and Topple Assad part of your human Rights campaign 2011 #Libya #Turkey #ISIS
More RINO BS! What have U done 4 Human Rights in the last 40yrs? Nothing! UR just a Warmonger who bought a Senate Seat. Try a little STFU!
I Checked out after the 3rd Paragraph.  You have Lost/NO CREDIBILITY.  #Traitor
The guy supports ISIS can anyone believe that this monster can support human rights! What a sick joke 
Americans despise sycophants~We have no respect for tenured politicians who turned their backs on @POTUS while aligning w/ Progressives~Ryan
As you vote for aggressive wars that attack civilian populations... sure buddy, sure.
Oh, boo hoo. Time to hang up your spurs, John.
/\
When #Hate guides your decision making >> McCain has never been for #America & has always been a #SongBird rat.

https://www.federalisttribune.com/2017/04/21/mccain-leave-gop-caucus-democrats/#.WPwkb_-P928.twitter …
Says a man who thinks arming jihadists, Neo-Nazis and Wahhabi dictatorships all represent sound foreign policy decisions. Please die soon.
This mean ur going 2 stop supporting terrorists n Syria? This mean ur going 2 fix mess (incl slave markets) u made n Libya?
Does the despicable Tokyo Rose-DaeshDaddy-Maidan Mobster degenerate McCain mean more rights for ISIS & AZOV buddies? HANG THIS NAZI CRIMINAL
*NAZI War Criminal McCain on H.Rts akin to Sauds be-heading UN Womens & H.Rights. Obscenely Orwellean (*NeoCon American Zionist Imperialist)
Human rights? I sure hope you don't forget about #Assange-who is being smeared by our own Gov for publishing facts!  https://justice4assange.com/UN-Working-Group-Decision.html …
I want Gov to prove that Wikileaks has ever published anything false or has put lives at risk. You can't. Gov can't stand the truth is out!
Says the hypocrite who supports 2 of the biggest human rights abusers, Saudi Arabia & Israel
How about putting children's rights above sexual/slave/organ trafficking abusers....starting with the OIC, UN, its NGOs & resolution 16/18
What #Humanrights when you chill with your #ISIS #ISIL and #alqaeda friends
Part of that is health care for all with zero pre-existing conditions stipulations
Bullcorn.
Some of us already do. You sound like you're either about to OR this is a double edged sword to let rapeugees f* usa instead of protect OURS
If u cared about human rights why did u bomb Iraq? Why did advocate regime change? Why do u support Israel?your actions say something else
U can't be for human rights and support wars. Wars create human rights disasters, never the reverse.
From u,it should be why should we bomb t/helll out of another country. U bomb countries, that create human disasters, then u worry about HR
@SenJohnMcCain if you're truly concerned about human rights, please address US immigration laws and allow people to work towards citizenship
Yet you don't support Veterans. Go home Songbird.
So you're going to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia?  You're going to stop arming terrorists in Syria?  Fantastic!!
Enlighten us
You are a RINO funded by SOROS. You are a traitor.
Dude. Just...Dude.
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/52217 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALkfRP2IefQ …
Lmao
I guess you could bomb human rights into people.  That's how it works. Isn't it?
From the fraud who did this Has there ever been a bigger fraud in Congress? If Putin did this, wacko Johnny would want him killed too.
Merit Based!!!!
Damn, you have all the lefties pulling for ya, McCain. You must be proud, eh... We know what you're up to, buddy. We know everything.
Health care is human right   You know Life, liberty ...
Isn't making sure the average citizen with a preexisting condition or being a woman can afford health care a human right?  Credibility gap.
Shouldn't healthcare be a part of Human Rights? Or should the rich profit from the health of others? Should the rich profit from house fires
Read @ValuesandVoices on the US legacy of employing power & clout on a global platform to advocate for human rights
Get serious. Used to have faith in you. Lockstep voting this horrible cabinet in and then complain?  Doesn't work forme anymore. Go sit down
Well said @SenJohnMcCain
Alas, you had a choice and a vote, but you confirmed Tillerson as #SecState against your own better judgment…so here we are
Why your silence on BHO & human rights? Difference is BHO didn't TAlK about it he DID IT. Witness Syrians, Iranians, etc. How is this change
All of this flowery language means nothing when you always cave in to Trump.
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
#HumanRights are important!
By bombing them!
Are you for real though, senator?  Or are you just talking about stuff some more?
hey maybe you shouldn't have voted to confirm Tillerson idk just a thought
@MaxBoot @nytimes Isn't this kind of preaching to the choir?
If you believe this, then CONSISTENTLY act against this administration's efforts to the opposite! Put country over party! NOT just talk...
More grandstanding Senator? *yawn* Time to put some skin in the game instead of in front of a camera
This article is emotional manipulation! 
(See @MeghanMcCain for more info)
Unlike the French Center-Right which responsibly gravitated toward Macron, your party betrayed the Country and gravitated to Trump.
Awesome Senator McCain! Thanks for putting politics aside and speaking the truth.
Thank you, Senator!!!
What are you going to do about it Senator?
-- please stop your Orwellian propaganda. You're a warmongering crazy man. Stop arming terrorists in Syria
You talk a good game but you cave to the shitgibbon in the WH every time. Hypocrite. When was the last time you took action for others?
By voting for Rex Tillerson?
As a Democrat who has much respect for you, Senator, I ask that you also support human rights in the US by opposing Trump's healthcare plan.
Not more than three months ago you voted to confirm Tillerson. Actions are louder than words, Senator.
Thank you!
Starting at home.  Impeach our new dictator in chief.
Please Retweet if you want @maggieNYT to help us find this missing Trump aide she wrote about in July!
How dare you espouse human rights when you support Trump: You f'g old hippocrite
2/2 RE Tillerson “an easy call” but said that he is giving Trump “the benefit of the doubt.” Another bad call, right? You'll turn tail/run.
There's my maverick.
Too mean and stubborn to die.
Access to basic healthcare is a human right.
Sen McCain have you read the AHCA?  If you are so concerned about Human Rights you better not vote to pass this bill.
Deprived of liberty and justice, hatred of oppression & corruption can cause vulnerability to radicalization - not in our national interest.
'Unless the GOP says otherwise then I'll stick my head in the sand'
You voted to support Tillerson.  His message is your message.  It's yours just as much as it is his.  You were warned about Tillerson.
Your party is taking health care away from millions. Focus on that.
You destroy Syria, Iraq
Human rights need to start at home before it spreads abroad, otherwise it's hypocritical.
U.S. has spread the opposite of #Humanrights for decades - wars for profit - looting, killing, raping, starving people. Stop talking shit.
More talk from you.  Maybe take some action?
do you!! Questionable. Seems your just another tslker
Then how could you confirm Tillerson? You're a politician, not a public servant.
Our record of supporting human rights is laughably sad and McCain knows this and is an active participant. But it's not just him nor the GOP
We're all waiting to see how you vote on this healthcare bill, coward.
Thank you sir for thinking of country before party. We could only hope your fellow senators can move away from the Trump Punch
Thank you for your statements. I live in AZ now and have hope while you are in office.
I agree Senator so what are you doing to get rid of our decidedly anti human rights @potus?
Excellent column, Senator -- thank you.
U.S. intervention on behalf of human rights is always tricky, but an in-it-for-ourselves foreign policy is worse.  https://nyti.ms/2pVxBj7 
ditto, well said.
Impeach Trump and i might believe in you again. Now you are as culpable as Ryan and the rest of the rat pack.
Quit the GOP and go independent. We cannot lead on human rights while being led by a fool who coddles dictators and campaigned on torture.
A wonderful article. Unfortunately I think we have lost our way.
Senator, you're not talking to children. Doubt anyone with knowledge of US history & foreign policy believes the US stands for human rights.
Talk to your friends.
Sick of you putting down our Pres. We voted for him  and not you. Get over it!  #YouHurtTheParty
Big talk about Rex Tillerson in a NYT op-ed Monday. Too bad it's JUST TALK. When will you start VOTING your conscience instead of talking?
Traitor
Most Americans don't care about human rights overseas. The Right cares about 'Merica the Left about creating more victims that need gov help
Even globalists arent interested in using force/might to ensure those being murdered worldwide are defended when they cant defend themselves
Thank you for writing your piece in the nyt today. It was heartfelt and inspirational. Thank you for reminding us of who we are! Neverforget
Could you please vote that way!!! And why just in other countries? What about human rights in AZ?
Please start voting as well as you talk.
It's not courage to bitch about crap that YOU voted for and YOU are allowing. Take ACTION to right the wrongs that r occurring. Words r weak
Support for human rights starts at home #SB4IsHate #NoMuslimBanEver #sb1070 #loveislove
THEN WHY DID YOU CONFIRM TILLERSON?
@POTUS doesn't see anyone outside the 1% as human, therefore he believes they should have no rights.
When has the US not supported human rights? I'm sorry it's time retire the "maverick". He's an embarrassment.
Good!  Please support these policies at home with actual votes regardless of party affiliation.  Is healthcare a human right?
Inspiring piece. Please just don't forget we should worry about the rights of all Americans @ home too!  Healthcare, education, opportunity.
You voted for him
Hey McCain look at all the dem tweets u have.  Guess they know u for the RINO u are.  Go make Soros happy you globalist
I don't always agree with your positions, Senator, but I have so much respect for you in standing up for what is right here.
then you can't support trump or the congress on healthcare
As a constituent, thank you for making this statement.
Now go back and vote for whatever Trump wants. More war, maybe? Get out your rubber stamp!
Remind me, did you vote to confirm this Tillerson fool?
You're a Republican. Trump is a Republican. Will you stand up to your parties President or just talk, talk, talk like you have for a decade?
Of course he will stand up, he is a RINO
Our. President. Wrote. This. Tweet.  Are you honestly okay with this?!?

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/861554864542941185 …
Thank you, Senator McCain, for using your voice to remind our nation about its core values.
#thankyou #mccainhasabrain
Then support the people not the ones in power who are harming the people. You are better than this.  I know you are.
We all thought so . . . Not any more.
Good Monday, Sen.John McCain
it's just words. Where are the ACTIONS  @SenateGOP @HouseGOP taking against @POTUS who is taking away our rights?
Thank you for your insights - life long Democrat
Support the poor weak and huddled masses as you do the vets
How about the Human right of access to good healthcare for Your People!
This is comical. You have voted for men who crap all over human rights.  YOU VOTE PARTY OVER COUNTRY and men, women and children suffer
It's for those values of yours that I voted for you in 2008 and will do so again, please do not forget our need for justice in Venezuela
By sending in the Military, under command of the least trustworthy person we can find, and refusing entry to refugees.  Good plan.
We disagree on many things, but this is really good!  I appreciate that you are willing to work across party lines!
America please save #Refugees from Europe's & #UNHCR's brutality, barbarism & wildness against refugees. #Refugees lives matter.
Sir if yiu truly support human rights then quit supporting our Liar In Chief. Americans are human and have a right to a decent POTUS
Well written and powerful piece. Please stand up for Democracy and don't just roll over for your party.
I'm 100%Democrat..do not pick on Sen. McCain  compare to the swamp ,he is the only that fight  for us.we have so many tugs .trey howdy etc
Was played by their immoral & inhumane asylum system. Was looted here rather than finding refuge.
Then make sure your votes guarantee the rights of all Americans. Those who have voices and those who don't. It's your job to stand for them
