Wish you were one of them.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @CNN Result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
Please continue investigating this admin's collusion with Putin. We know it happened and cozying up to Assad has started.
Trump has made no secret of his admiration for Putin. Rather than change laws he's broken them re: the ban. Stop him.
who cares let the jihadist kill themselves
fake news made up story.
The head of YOUR party supports Putin, who supports this regime. DO SOMETHING!
Maybe some fake news to support your narrative. How many people are dead from your #WarMonger ways? #NotMyWarHero #AssClown
Sickening...what corrupt politicians do to innocent people for power.
Well the love affair between the Potus and Putin will guarantee nothing will ever be done to stop this evil.
I guess we need to bomb their country more, let ISIS take over and then invite them all to live in the EU and USA. @SenJohnMcCain @CNN
I believe nothing that comes out of both of you. Why not help fix what Obama did, you vile traitors. Your not POTUS.
WHAT DID YOU THINK WAS GOING TO HAPPEN?!? 
P.S. "Russia Claims Victory" - the headline the morning after Aleppo
Any comment from the POTUS?  NO, just Nordstrom!
they need to quietly investigate EVERYONE related to him professionally etc - something is wrong
Yes, and Russia bombed the hell out of hospitals and schools... Putin's a war criminal.
Have you considered that our corporate news media and gov might not be totally honest re Syria? @Docmorris71 @SenJohnMcCain @CNN
Please. @HillaryClinton is the definition of corrupt. You can't blame white males for everything. Bigot
Get a new hobby. We need move forward already. We got what we got both choices were iffy. Maybe if we all voted #Libertarian Dems embarssing
Sick!! All back by Putin and Trump
Obama's red line Assad crossed it Obama did nothing Obama/HRC created this mess not Trump.
And @POTUS won't criticize Putin. Incredible! Don't want US aligned w a regime, even tacitly, that commits genocide.
See @Isikoff interview @YahooNews
You trust CNN?  Jeez, where have you been lately?
470,000 Syrians killed; 6.1M displaced; Libya? Iraq? we need to stop meddling!!! making worse http://ln.is/www.pbs.org/wgbh/fro/WRERa … 
Johnny boy takes money from George soros, it was on rush Limbaugh today
, well, if fat f*** limbaugh says it, it must be true.
#FakeNews
@EllieAzadi @CNN Senator McCain Is The Real American...
Amnesty bullshiting people. Same as CNN. And you know it.
Thanks for sharing Senator.  Now what are you going to do about the Trump - Putin love fest?
..so when is killing terrorists bad?
..almost 3,000 were killed by US drone attacks ..800 of them were innocent civilians.
you believe CNN. You don't support your own citizens because of your ego
@Bopon71 @CNN new fake. Congratulation. Sponsor of terrorist in Sirya, Libya McCain.
finally! truth from KGB troll: putin is sponsor of world terrorism.
Putin don't have photo with terrorrist. McCain has
good argument. For 5 year old. 300k killed in Chechnya, 10K in Ukraine, 200K in Syria. Putin is terrorist. 
Do you need photo?
Thank you for fighting for truth and democracy, and for taking a strong public stand. Assad/Putin aren't our friends.
Another holocaust.
And, so what? Bad shit happens over there every day. What about #devos? You had a chance, but too #chickenshit to vote NO.
Just like you just hung the children of this Country. Education is a right not a privilege. Never believed you are a coward!
Also this is a civil war so how is this POTUS fault as some are suggesting don't investigate look to fix US first
I wonder if this is true that sounds like CNN should have to verify since they have been very inaccurate lately
Senator- Why support DeVos? Why condemn our children? Why?
wonder if that's the same prison we used for "enhanced interrogation"
,...the Marquess of Queensbury rules and lose our battles. They don't care about Geneva Convention rules & win.
Putin &;Assad will do everything in their power to fight to win. They play tough & dirty. We fight according to...
http://beforeitsnews.com/conspiracy-theories/2017/02/pizzagate-is-much-bigger-than-anyone-knows-and-it-is-about-to-explode-2479905.html … #pizzagate
is simply not a reliable news source. Their credibility is shot, even if they run a legit story. #FakeNews #SlantedMedia
Assad & Putin is having a ball. Will Trump join them? @CNN
, Can't you see that @realDonaldTrump and @StephenBannon are heading our country toward a Christian dictatorship. #resist !!!!
but according to YOUR parties leader, this is all FAKE NEWS, right? Embarrassing how the Maverick has been neutered
That is what our country will be like if you don't man up and stand up to this dictator!!!
pointing to other nations problems instead of talking about how you killed public education and voted Devos the donor?
@AnjiUsa @CNN If they were ISIS members who cares
They must've heard about U voting for DeVos.
what a show boat you are JM. Your legacy Will only be determined this admin which is despicable!
What will YOU do to bring refugees to freedom?
fake news,John McCain should know better,he a war monger always has been and would keep us in war till he is voted out
And millions of American kids have their future hanged, thanks to your gutlessness.
@naretevduorp we are now conditioned not to care as they are not Americans and don't contribute to our profits
@AlinaghiAmiry @CNN 
 #مذبحة_صيدنايا
how many innocent civilian arabs killed by us carpet bombing in their countries  ? 
You masterminded terror.
which is exactly why can't afford to ignore the refugees seeking safe haven
it's unimaginable the atrocities that have occurred. Stop this russian backed madness
But isn't CNN a Fake news network?!
How could you vote for DeVos?  We were counting on you.  I am a long time supporter, but no more; you sold out. @SenJohnMcCain @CNN
I'm a veteran and did not want to see US heavily involved in Syria, but this news is bad.. You were right about Syria.
Plz Mr McCain, protect us from this administration
why did you post this article? to justify increased defense spending? or is this a call to action? #resist
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Do your job. So upset you tried to be President with how you've been voting.
#WTF and we are going to ban people coming from this country? I'd flee as fast as I could. That's crazy.
disappointed in your vote for DeVos
What will you do about this? How can we help Syrians if we ban refugees?
.so why don't you go over, on your own dime, & give them what for!
and you just voted on live TV to hang our education system out
sorry that you voted for DeVos.  I expected more from an American hero
i know so much syrians, the first impression aboy McCain its he is our Friend.
You know what @POTUS says about this article? Those are alternative hangings. #fakenews #POTUS
but CNN is fake news (according to our deranged president). @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
so why aren't you trying to get Syrian refugees out?
#reasistDeVos... save our schools
- then stand up to your party.
no on devos

Please work to punish those responsible!
And yet you do nothing to grant asylum to Syrian refugees. Shame on you!
what if they were our allies turned back at airport! Vietnam Vets did win hearts bec compassion
But those Russians are such good guys...
f they hang their own people what will they do to us! You are too late to help these poor people. The world did zero!
Putin supports Assad. Stand up to one, you stand up to both. You are the leading Republican against their atrocities.
Don't let this happen to us, Senator. Our President is another friend of Putin. Signed, your constituent.
come on your leader says @CNN is fake news.
Investigate Trump's connections to Russia / Putin.  Just after his call the Russians increased fighting in Ukraine
were any of them hung by the guys you befriended over there?
Yes, heard on NPR this morning. Understand better refugee fear and crisis.  Thanks for you bipartisanship.
christians?
This is what the refugees are fleeing, and US response is to ban them and back Putin, Assad's enabler. Shame on us!
should have been Jake am john fake news
The barbarians have been doing this for 2000 years in that region. What new strategy do you have to fix it? 894/899
Please continue to speak out against Trump's immigration and refugee order.
thank you for speaking on your principles. I wish you were in the WH, I am not a republican.
NO ON DEVOS
#bull
Look who's talking! Syria mayhem is the result of these two faced criminals who have supported Isis all these years.
They should be investigating all your wars and how many deaths that the US have caused.
Very sad. What are we doing to protect people in AZ from the prison of poverty? We need strong educators, community ldrs
Putin the serial killer strikes again.
please get those Syrian refugees in the USA ASAP!
confirmations of cabinet please America 1st.
and you want them here  hell no
can't label a small group of radicals with the whole of the masses.If you lived in this would you not want out?
Banning no stronger vetting yes. Needs to be worked on with all branches of Govt. Yes Obama was wrong too.
And what will you actually be doing about this...? @CNN
ya know if you paid half as much time on the US maybe things would get done. Then again maybe not. Needs Soros ok first
C'mon McCain, this is @CNN, the purveyor of #fakenews.. no way we Americans trust this but a big concern is that you do! 
How many Americans do you think will die with this madman as President Donald #Judas Trump ? #IMPEACHTRUMPANDPENCE
please lead the no vote on DeVos. Then, we can look to you for leadership on foreign affairs.
Watch out Mccain looking to send USA troops into Syria for another 15 year war He looks out for the milt indust complex
you talk a good game but when rubber hits road, you disappear. Every time. Vote against DeVos.
It sounds like Nazi Germany
you seem smart. But Republican leaders must not underestimate us. We will not forget the vote onDevos and others
Russia supports Assad. Assad committing genocide, hanginf his own people. Trump supports Russia. Trump supports genocide
you are clueless. Assad is saving his people
You are clueless. Assad Shiite killing majority Sunnites & minority Kurds. Putin helping. The world media not lying. Just Assad
Assad is alawite. Al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups are Sunni. They are supported by the despotic Arab Kings and Netanyahu
please apposed DeVose!!!
And you still voted for Tillerson to complete the Putie Pack.
Sadly future generations may not even be able to read thanks to your support of Betsy DeVos. We said no, you didn't listen.
Will you stand with the American people and their children and deny Devos nomination? Do what is right for America.
That's for both of us TODAY; the 2,Sen John McCain
senator thank you for keeping my hope in the will of congress to do the right thing and the potential for good repubs alive
do you really give a shit? Must-read:
Senator McCain, please do what is right for our children. You know DeVos is unqualified. Please vote NO
i'm sorry , could you please vote no on Devos. I have a daughter in public school and I do not want that woman to run things.
Wait, what? CNN isn't fake news?
vote no on DeVos.
please vote no on devos
Is this REAL news?  Trump says CNN only reports FAKE news. Need to know-USA citizen. If true, OMG
it is fake news
traitor
don't believe or trust Amnesty  International
call me crazy but this sounds like something trump would do..#StopTheTyranny
Underlaget är mycket bristfälligt."Syriens regerings humana inställning till Amnesti ("amnesty")
John. What did you do with the $$ from George Soros & Hillary Clinton?
This should be the top story on @CNN but they will spend all day talking about @BetsyDeVos & how great they cover terror
was any of those the terriost you met/paid?
Wait, I'm confused, I thought CNN was fake news. Please vote against Devos. Do this one thing. Stand up to corruption.
which Putin supported and our President seems to have a far too cozy relationship with.
speak up against trump, rise up ,RESIST and impeach
I beseech you as a mother of a school-aged son; please don't let Devos through.
we embrace sharia laws here. Eventually illegals will control parts of our country. Dead people walking.
all innocent.
Congress/President that held office the last 8 yrs. responsiable. Blood on their hands. Not much different than Putin!
not FAKE NEWS.
And what sayeth @POTUS @vp @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @PressSec? Crickets #hypocrisy #ProLife
No on Devos
not sure how getting into bed with Putin helps to deal with this particular war crime. Please ask him. 
Added to those bombed & gassed! That's why we must stand up & defend Syrian ppl. Let them in on Emergency basis!
Your buddy, the so called president,  would like to do the same thing here John. Wake up.
I'm not sure McCain and Trump are 'buddies'.
If you feel strongly, convince your colleagues on both sides of the aisle to insist that POTUS rescind the @MuslimBan.
#lololol #fuckwit
just read this! Horrific! Please vote no on DEVOS TODAY! I look to you to be the voice of reason in the GOP
Someone should draw a red line.
people would respect you more if you stood up to the orange one
Which is why the #MuslimBan is wrong.  You were brave to call that out, now call for impeachment! @Arizona_Strong
This is a future potential here under a Fascist Dictator. Stop Trump Now!. We will stand with you!
VOTE NO ON DEVOS Bad for special needs - you can't buy a cabinet position
nobody has been good for special needs
Stop being such a coward and stand up to Trump / Bannon.
Who is backing you to be a pain in the ass?!
RUSSIA&ASSAD
senator please do the right thing and vote no on DeVos
It's time for the GOP to stand up to Trump.
