Deep state is BS....
Like a good sheep.
Spoken like a true Trumpette
Deep state has been around WAY longer than Trump.  But, you're doing a good job trying to divert.
Yeah by the same wackos that believed Pizzagate....
Thank you for using your voice to speak out. There is no stopping you, Senator McCain! Arizona loves you! But, try to get some rest! 
Danielle "the resistance" human liking McCain says it all....
I support my Senator. Regardless of whether or not I agree with his policies. Can you say the same?
You support him only because you are brainwashed by mainstream media to support the globalist war machine. Establishment shill.
No. I'm not. I am a Democrat. Stop telling me what I think and troll elsewhere.
Exactly my point  McCain is beloved by democrat globalists-the resistance crowd-not MAGA patriots.
@SenJohnMcCain is THE ONLY true Patriot of all of u bootlicker Republicans. You shouldnt even be allowed 2 speak the word Patriot. #traitors
Stop them!
Infatuated by Russia. Yet it's ISIS who the US is funding is causing the stress
The Russia nonsense is a big hoax.
get well but you need to retire-tired of your underhanded actions against this admin. you have always been resentful u lost.
It was more effective to restructure and organize the Syrian opposition and not to stop support
The @GOPSenate and @GOPHouse must stop #PutinsPuppet. Thank you for your stalwart service, Senator.
Shameful act ,
Get well soon sir
Mr McCain get some rest and focus on your health. We no longer need your services.
Did you forget you are supposed to be really ill?  Timing...timing...
My apologies Senator McCain.  Trump is too busy to respond as he's presently obsessing about his HOT #DaughterWife Ivanka.
I had cancer in 05,all the people that never liked me before the illness that behaved like we were always pals made me sick-u have pals now
@realDonaldTrump 
You have no idea what you are doing!
Our Potus knows what he's doing.
maybe they can cure the RINO disorder you have while you are there? Vote out RINOS!
Says The Criminal Who Armed ISIS & Sent Syria Spiraling Into Civil War.
Good to see you could take time out of your recovery to attempt to push us into another worthless war by arming another group of terrorists.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP Assad MUST GO! North Korea must be stopped, and Russia must pay for interference in our beloved democratic election!
good to see u are still on the job
Sending prayers for a speedy recovery
Wow using your health issue to further push war in ME! Such an opportunist! Using this time to incite Americans to war! Great hero u are
Still working hard 
(Trying to undermine the sovereignty of far-flung nations. Which foreign powers do you think have the right to remove the US government?)
I cannot understand why they think Assad can stay in power. He has got to go.
Stay out of Middle East Affairs, as you have contributed to millions of death and continue to peddle Russian narrative without any proof

If you view the Syria conflict exclusively or even mainly as a zero-sum competition with Russia then you're not doing Syria analysis right.
Get well, but take your time doing it. The more time you spend away from the senate the better off our country will be.
Day after your cancer diagnosis you still lust for the blood of Syrians? You are truly on a depraved mission.

You were a war criminal in Vietnam. You remain a war criminal. Long live Syria
Aaannnnd, we hear from a bot.
Vietnam, Iraq, Libya, Syria. McCain was part of  or supported these wars where millions died..
Didn't he also support the war in Afghanistan?
God i forgot about that one.
John McCain supports any war anywhere
John McCain sitting down with Andriy Parubiy. A real-life Nazi. Note his Mein Kampf-style book cover.
Hope Lindsey can keep up the fight....
Who else will carry the torch for warmongerer if not Lindsay.
War monger? He doesn't profit from war....now Trump owns stock in Tomohawk missiles....but I'm sure you knew that...right???
Then let's force him to only use them when nessesary.
God bless you, we know u will win the war against cancer!
Just stop it already. Damn.
Heal and retire. You are again on the wrong side of right.
Do you mean arming your Qaeda friends is better?! Are you going to grant them visa to visit the US to check on you & wish u well?!
C'mon.. They didn't even give most Iraqi or Afghan interpreters who worked for them a visa lol
"Rebels"
Clinton and McCain are old, tired news and a boring meme at this point of time when everyone should be negotiating peace.
Plenty more warmongers in Both Parties to take their place.  

 They love war. It's good for business. $$$$$$
I know the USA has some sick f*cks, but please don't ignore all the pathological tyrants homegrown in the ME.
Iraq, Libya & Syria were not a threat to the US. The US supports Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, UAE,. The US/UK should stay out of >
of Middle-East, all they have done is cause chaos & destruction, with their Policy of Regime Change.
Once again old news, tired memes and titally whitewashing the guilt of totalitarian madmen like Assad for destroying his country.
He was not destroying his country, they had Free Education & Healthcare, Freedom of Religion & Women's Rights. What did you expect him to
Absolutely.  Congress, not the President, that needs to take the lead on the direction for the nation.  Our President is completely broken.
Hey.  You should apply for the Communication Director job at the WH.  You are exactly what they need.
Rebel groups in #Syria are tribal factions which US cannot unite. @POTUS knows what he is doing! Get well, retire @SenJohnMcCain #TermLimits
Couldn't have said it better! #MAGA #voteoutrinos
#McCain is just a liar #Maga #McInsane #AbuMccain
Wow. Even when diagnosed with brain cancer John McCain finds the time to issue a statement calling for regime change in Syria. Obama's hero! https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/888077917007339520 …
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP, stand up for true American values. Stop being @POTUS puppets when he, himself, is a RUSSIAN PUPPET!
And return of Crimea along with sanctioning the hell out of Russia
. Senator please rest. Don't get urself upset or worry about us. You take care and get well. God Bless
The wrong people are dying @SenJohnMcCain.  YOU cause this.
It's real. His parents were devastated.
So your saying #JamesFoley wasn't beheaded?
I wish my Senators had the moxy you do. You stand up for what you believe and are not a follower. Still praying for you and the family
just where trump wants to be
You mean Jihadists and ISIS light. I thought maybe in light of recent events supporting people like this would wear heavy on your conscience
At this point cancer will be saving lives
Mr McCain.  Trump is a fraud and a con man.  Why does he get away with his bull shit.  His people meet Russians then lie about.
How about unfucking our healthcare and the VA before worrying about Syria?...a pissed off Marine wants to know.
... and directly into Putin's. Why is Congress not challenging?!?!?  #SOS
Glad you're feeling better, sir. Kick cancers ass! If Charlie can't break you, cancer definitly won't!
Thank you for your voice Senator McCain.  You are a great American.
He probably made a deal with Vlad
Don't come back to DC. Retire
Please stop the lunatic! Please!
I was thinking you weren't thinking right because of the cancer but now you go right back to slamming the President. Time to retire John.
Go @potus ! @realDonaldTrump ! Keep those savages from turning on US!
Arming Muslims in general is bad idea but arming Islamist jihadis is utter madness. U have been wrong so many times & this is 1 more example
You're battling a devastating form of cancer and still have time to call our pur @POTUS on his bullshit.  God bless you, Senator.
Look at all "The Resistance " supporters McCain has. Thank God this POS never became President.
Every time i read 1 of McCains post i realize how Skrewed the USA was during the 08 elections. A choice between Obama or McCain is lose lose
Sympathy for his current health issue, but feel the same. Sad I had 2 vote 4 McCain (from 2013ish to now). A phony & libertarians nightmare.
Hey BIRD UP.  U obviously live N AZ so heres ur chance 2 get even 4 having 2 vote McCain. Vote 4 Kelli Ward or Jeff Dewit against Jeff Flake
Even on your death bed your still meddling & trying to fund the murderers of children. You armed people who cut kids heads off.
Worry abt your health and family rather then arming Isis to get assad pipeline
failed train program. it is your program which throwing our tax money. Thank God you are not the President. USA will suffer.

When materiel assistance (weapons) is provided to Syrian opposition, those mercenaries often become fighters for ISIS!
.
Instead of preaching Christ crucified while on his death bed hed rather continue the push for more war.
.
#NoMoreWars
He's been brain dead for quite some time now.
I so badly want 2 respond to this lib prog hack, his foreign policy skills R no better than mine...but I better check with @calebhowe first
