john just retire , only reason your famous is because you failed as a soldier
As opposed to draft dodger/failed businessman(4bankruptcies)?

unsuccessful I much longer. No one in NYC will do business with him.
Morons are the exclusive provenance of the Maga's
another brilliant comment by Janice  Let me guess fine arts degree
Very funny
, you sir, need to retire. A senator should never denounce the president.
He's once again defending his nation from a clear present danger.
By trashing our President on foreign soil is never good for this country.
But it's ok for Potus to trash his country ? We are murderes like Putin?
lost all respect for you, you're now no different than Jane Fonda going to foreign country & criticizing @potus
So basically you want to be a Nazi?
it's a matter of patriotism. United we stand, divided we fall,  Fonda divided this country
so why do you only do things for white Christians? Trump divides us the most.
u don't know we or what I do I'm for all legal Americans to prosper so we can help the world
Above all else is LOVE!
I hope it was the old Maverick back!
Thank you for speaking up on behalf of sanity, the free press, & our democracy.
I ask , what for??? No néed to "watch or listen" to you anymore!#MAGA
When vandals & thugs attack people & property they aren't protesting. Tell ur "Free press"
U are doing Putin's work. Research former KGB member Yuri Bezmenov/destroy USA
You'd be better off switching to Independent since you're a lone wolf type.
. You need to stay away from liberals. Learn respect for the president, not hate
Senator!!Your "Dictator" Word is Dangerously sloppy!
John you became an embarrassment for your country, republicans and family. Have the decency to retire
@ thank u 4 you tweets in best interest of US, & not just GOP.
You who made a full of yourself. Americans love Pres. Trump and despise you
sorry John you should be ashamed, you are still a liberal Democrat!!!!
Your interviews with press UNDERMINDS American People
maybe you meant to say undermines? Bravo to Senator McCain!
American people respect you!
No they don't
No we dont respect you or any Trump supporter.
be thankful Senator is speaking out!
No he needs to support his POTUS and his party
Ever heard of Separation of State?
from what?
Thank you sir.  As a fellow Navy pilot, I'm really proud of you.
You are a traitor!!! How do you like your PIZZA??????
The Press need to be held accountable like everyone else.
they r. When u decide who to watch
Also, when you sue them for defamation of character, take them to task at press conferences and point out their biases.
Are you trying to be liked by the liberal media and democrats again?  Is that why you called Trump a dictator?
they use you since you have a need to be loved by people that hate you.
No. He's a patriot.  Those denouncing him aren't.
the left doesn't like any one that isn't lock step with them.
@whostheidiotnow @SenJohnMcCain @chucktodd @MeetThePress @NBCNews @MunSecConf Moore, why don't you just move to Canada
The interview where you compare Prez to a dictator???  Are you kidding me?  You are a Liberals best ally.
Chuck Todd's a Lying Weasel like you!
Bannon sh/ have NO role in NSC w/ his alarming ties. Security experts only.
McCain supports a New World Order. Song Bird needs to be replaced!!
You are an embarrassment not only to the RNC, but to Americans. Denigrating the USA abroad a new low even for you. #POS
No. He was denigrating the USA. He was speaking to a dangerous move by @POTUS. That IS his job you know.
With all due respect @POTUS is not a dictator silencing the media
Only pointing out misleading info
We will Make America Great again without you.  Time for you to move on
back at u
Support our president!
.@dbacch1960 @SenJohnMcCain @chucktodd @MeetThePress @NBCNews @MunSecConf 

No. Support the democracy & the constitution. Trump does neither
Nasty
your becoming disloyal to united states. You diffently need to retire
*you're
I thought it was "No-no" to criticize POTUS from foreign soil? Losing it?
1.  He didn't criticize Trump by name. 

2. Even if he did, where does it say that in the constitution?
talking abt ur own party on foreign soil. where is ur war monger twin Graham?
party does not=country
respect you for your service, that's it. Resign, you're pitting one against another.
NO THNXS.  u vilify the office of POTUS  on foreign soil then I have no respect
.@tyefam2003 @SenJohnMcCain @chucktodd @MeetThePress @NBCNews @MunSecConf 

He's doing his job.
Why not switch to the Democrat Party. I consider you a traitor and regret voting 4 you.
Until you put on the uniform and endure the pain that Sen. McCain has endured hush
I'm not dumb enough to fight in a meaningless war. No war since WW2 had any point. Just got a lot of people killed.
You will talk to anyone that puts your picture on TV! To bad i want watch chuck
Was insulting Trump part of the deal to cover up, you asking for $ n having Rus killed?
Please switch to the party you support.
don't want to revisit that again. U r embarrassing urself.
Your correct about needing the press. We also NEED an honest press.
Unless supporting Trump,McCain should not be talking with other countries
Thank you Senator McCain. You are indeed a hero!
I watched and was ashamed of you, a bitter old man.
You are a traitor to our Country & the Republican Party. @SpeakerRyan

Absolutely not!
Germany knows very well what 'bad lying fake news" press is.East was brainwashed. She's from there.
snake
Please keep speaking out as a voice of sanity in the current madness.
Thank you for exploring the Russia connection! Country over party!
Forget term limits; age limits should be imposed. Age weakens  the mind; right Mr McCain, hello, Mr McCain.
Agreed with your point but found the "I hate the press" "I hate you" comments troubling.
no thanks ur words r empty and treasonous along with the interviewer.
How to embarrass yourself and your country, by John McCain.
join the Democrat party John songbird
switchboard to the Democrat party songbird.
Trump right...YOUR wrong.McCain ..stop kissing up..NBC.
lol you and Chuck jokes
I heard enough 
Totally disgusted. How unamericam
while I appreciate your speaking re @Potus attacks on media, actions speak louder than words.  INVESTIGATE Russian collusion!
Please help save us, Senator McCain!
Thanks for being a level-headed Republican @SenJohnMcCain. America needs more of you.
Thank you sir for defending a free press. I'm so worried about what he's doing.
who cares!
Thr interview was disgusting! For the good of the country yoy must resign!
God bless you. Best tradition of the US military.  POW- broken but never bent.
Thank you Senator McCain!! Country before party!! #WeThePeople #truth #StandUp #DoTheRightThing
-- John McCain needs to shut up and retire, is getting senile just like pelosi
President Trump speaks for the people you dont, McCane is a traitor to the peps
THANK YOU Senator McCain...you are a true patriot. Keep speaking up.
. You are correct we need a free press. But we don't need an agenda driven biased press!  Wake up before it is too late!
Very disappointed in your comment. Trump is no dictator how DARE u say that
You seem to be fighting on the wrong team lately. #Holdingagrudge ?
@realdonaldtrump @foxnews @SenJohnMcCain John McCain, ok u were a war hero BUT NOW GET LOST & STOP SUCKING UP TO THE HATEFUL, LIBERAL MEDIA
McCain, @POTUS isn't against the "free press"..WE'RE TALKING ABOUT LYING,HATEFUL FAKE NEWS MEDIA!
McCain, U NEED TO STOP SUCKING UP TO THE HATEFUL, LEFT MEDIA, ACCEPT @realDonaldTrump OR GET LOST! @senategop
My gosh John, you need to go away, just fade away please
your just the gov. of Arz. you do not represent the USA, #not your job
I appreciate your military service, BUT, ashamed of your current stand on OUR President. Bashing in foreign country shameful
WHAT? And hear you LIE & insult @POTUS on foreign soil? Have you lost your MIND? You're a POS for insulting ALL Americans!
country over party!!  The true American way.  Thank you 
I pray Arizona RECALLS McCain! YOU DISRESPECTED VP Pence
HORRIBLE...you were defending the "West's" way, not OURS??
In re: Trump......in "speaking for yourself" you did so on OUR TAX DOLLARS????  Just STOP
your insane in membrane..2 criticizing TRUMP..GOP judas/closet democrats
you so sounded like a liberal. Who elected you the R or the D. Always remember
#Idiot @SenJohnMcCain
. I wouldn't watch these corrupt bias pretend news shows if you paid me nor you!
U'r starting 2 look like a petty, jealous old man. Recall whn u admonished BHO 4 speaking ill of US on foreign soil.Okay 4 u?
I WILL NEVER WATCH CHUCK TODD, CNN, OR ANY OF THE FAKE NEWS TRYING TO DISCREDIT OUR PRES.
Tell the truth for once! Youre disgusted you lost BAD to a black man! #2007
Is this the Republican Party? A party accepting treason and fascists? #Russiapublican is trending for a reason. Please help!
Sen. McCain, thank you for standing up!
shame on you John McCain!!! That sleezy report from the British dirt digger
Remember the Dixie Ckicks or as I was taught Don't air your dirty laundry across the sea
From AZ. Calling it like it is!! 
Had 0 interest in listening to 2 Trump haters. Get over it. He's @POTUS  Good msg frm Rand http://ln.is/ijr.com/2017/02/8060/PLcXu …
McCain = sore loser that did not win WH. Took $$$ from Soros, not my Republican
John, when will u learn no one cares what you think. Sit down & shut the f**k up!
Support the president and the party and keep your personal emotions out of the equation.
Happy Presidents Day Mr President. Oh I remember you lost. I think you forgot that as well.
Subpoena Trumps taxes, @jasoninthehouse what is hidden that you are protecting?
Need to tone it down before you incite violence against our President.
Im encouraged by your words,your obligation is to America before any President
what happened to you McCain? Degrade our POTUS. You are disgusting
You are how dictator start McCain !!!! @chucktodd @MeetThePress @NBCNews @MunSecConf
Thank you, Senator McCain, for all your service to this country and especially for your clarion call in Berlin.
thank you Sen McCain for speaking out!
Stockholmed POW in Vietnam Nan returns as Manchurian Candidate. He's a victim.
John "The Swamp" McCain should step down from his position, go hiking w/Clinton
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/02/20/suspect-in-denver-murder-was-wanted-for-possible-deportation.html …
FREE PRSS IS GRT BT WHN ITS FL OF HALF TRUTHS IT IS WRONG STP CONFUSSING THNGS
we all respect you because u love this country .
I am not a Republican and I appreciate you...Please continue to #resist this Administrations failed policies...thank you!!
Who wants to watch this TRAITOROUS act by a sitting US Senator?
keep fighting for US. Thank you. Free press is vital. You are a voice of intelligence and reason. And an American Hero
John McCain you have lost all respect I had for you!
SO pathetic how you don't see your words on tv show the hate you have for @realDonaldTrump Just STOP IT! #pathetic
..you two are weird and childish. TERM LIMITS!! ..please!!
..and Gramn can't find a kind word for this Administration
..forces in this Trump Bashing.8 years of Onama and you..
..it's really strange how you a Linsey Gramn has joined...
Both Yourself and Linsey Gramn are simply jealous of Trump?
time to retire
@NBC Criticizing  media isNOT a violation of First Amendment rights but an EXERCISE of that right!
Your running feud w/ POTUS is thinly veiled.  Ur an embarrassment to GOP & lost WH giving us Obama!
You raise concerns and then enable him with your votes. Party over country.
I know you like to see your face on tv to make yourself relevant. But you are hurting America
It use to be Treason to blast sitting POTUS while on foreign soil #AZPol 2022
Move to the Left J. McCain.  Your revenge on POTUS is backfiring.  Shameful!
i am voting republican,all of them, except you!
The president needs to be held accountable..the press has that role
You have proven to be just like the enemies within that America has.
so I say to you whom I have respected for YEARS.. SHAME on you John!
Heroes don't run down their Pres on Foreign soil nor accuse of foul things!
Fine, I'll say it: He's trying to be a dictator! #Trumptator #resist
PRAY FOR MAKING AMERICA a truthful country! Thanks Senator McCain!
No, I refuse to watch anything with you in it.

