#RETIRE #GTFO #RINO #DemocratInRepublicanSuit
Karma works. This guy gets his reward for murdering innocent wowem & kids then lying abt ppl who saved his stupid life!
I am no McCain fan! But you don't disparage someone who served there Country honorably. He might not be a great senator but he was a soldier
He dishonors those of us "soldiers" who fight for our country w honor and uphold American vlaues!

Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …

God Bless you always
Go away you are a troublemaker
What's wrong with the American Obamacare?  You are too good for it?  While we are stuck- being dying with Obamacare because of YOU!
Were all pulling for you John   You are my Hero standing up so featlessly to TRUMP
McCain gets best medical treatment on planet earth while he watched scores of vets die waiting for care at Phoenix VA hospital. SHAMELESS!
it is no surprize that you never became our President
It's no surprise you don't know how to spell surprise.
look it up - it is spelled both ways.
Others should've been given this chance. Sending McCain waste of taxpayer money.
Get healthy, no one is tougher,
for what u did to US Obamacare you've sentenced thousands of Americans to death.  Shortly, you will be burning in hell for your actions.
It's becoming more and more evident that McCains brain cancer is compromising his performance.
Unlike some people sir, I think you are a great person and senator. Thank you  for your service to our country. You are truly inspirational
Hope to see you fully recovered soon.
God I love this man. Prayers for a safe trip
You're a Superman! Truly amazing you have the strength after chemo. I've been thru 2 chemos & weak. Stay strong, McCain!
If only we had a president with half @SenJohnMcCain 's work ethic. Or any ethic. And intellect. And attn span. And comprehension of law...
Wishing you well. Us Arizonans have no insurance options. Thank you for your lack of support
You would have had none of the GOP had their way. Think about it.
Great can you start paying our premiums traitor. THANKS McCain. I mean Obama. Nope I mean McCain.
It's great that you don't have the same healthcare as my family.  Sir, you are a hypocrite.
Hope you recover quick. But very irresponsible of U making decisions on our country w #ChemoBrain!
Go Great Healthcare ?? We, the people got Obamacare. You need to get this right for the American people, before you leave Congress. #Repeal
He has to keep working for the #Lucifarian cabal, #NWO #MilitaryIndustrialCongressionalComplex

They don't care about his #Cancer
#LapDog
Sorry to hear you have cancer but traitors like you need to step aside.
Anyone know anyone on Chemo that didn't have mush brain. WHY is HE attending anything ???
BFD. Your health is not more important than your failure to LEAD the USA away from Obama care. Retire, get well and SHUT up.#MEGA!
Well, all the democrats love you. Was this the legacy you were hoping for?
God Bless you Senator McCain
Wishing you good health. You're ex military, and ex POW, you will kick cancers ass! Soldier on my ninja
No Obama Care for you????
No Obama Care??
I am so sorry u r going they all this .. I would not b able to afford to b sick. plz no pre-existing  I sacrifice 2 have ins. @seriouslyfit
His old ass needs to retire he is a traitor to his party and country over there living it up on the tax payers money he is a POS
Obviously the brain cancer is bad based on your comments. Hope you recover 100%. Please retire first
How about undergoing brain transplant to get you head straight?
Come on john kick that bucket 
6ft. Under!
Retire.
who's paying for your italy trip.  don't know. just asking.
PRAYING FOR YOU SIR!!!
The American people want the ACA repealed as you promised to do, liar! The "Skinny" repeal was just a first step and you failed your voters.
As his brain rots, this traitor tours the world with his globalist agenda...on our dime.
You are a tough guy who I do respect! I'm not a Republican but appreciate your honesty! #ImpeachTrump Mr. McCain you R a hero N many ways!
Step down...you are acting weird and shouldn't be on active duty....! Power crazy is a mental illness
Lifting you up in prayer Godspeed!
John McCain is an enemy of the United States. He is full of hate and already demented.
Sen. McCain do U realize ur hatred of @POTUS shown by ur sabotage of R&R ACA will forever defame your legacy? U should rethink.
Senator McCain is the toughest and seemingly wisest person in DC. Amazing.
yeah he's got better insurance than most Americans, and he doesn't give a rat's ass...
Songbird McCain...
Hey war criminal, Everyone knows about you. Time to resign while you still have life
https://twitter.com/DaneSenser/status/903847353161003008 …
Hope you are suffering..... worse than all of the Americans who, because of your pathetic petty immaturity, can't get good healthcare.
You have amazing fortitude, Senator!  All the best-
You're always in our prayers!!
In this article you stated you work for the American people. Actions speak louder then words. The Am people want HC & budget reform w/wall!!
He's not coherent anymore. Making bad decisions. Sorry for your sickness, you are 80 with cancer. You have done enough to this country. RINO
Thanks senator McCain for standing up against the bully,"poorly informed and impulse Trump!#Backbone-senator unafraid!
We are not your subordinates. I sent you money I could not afford based on your lies. I want my money back. #ClassActionvsMcCainNow.
Senator McCain please get better soon. Our country needs you again!
Maybe it is time you left politics for a younger republican that is actually out to help our country. Or are you a democrat?! I don't know
No, he does not support kkk, neo-nazis, white supremacists,alt right or white nationalists okay?
God Bless You, Sir! You are a True American Hero!! I love u and wish you a blessed recovery

Have the treatment, skip the Italy forum!
Who cares.  Hope he stays there
Is this the good Christianity I've been hearing about?
McCain loves to travel on the taxpayers dollar. Wonder if he is bringing Graham with him.

Don't come back.
