BUT WHAT ARE Y'ALL PLANNING TO DO ABOUT WACKO BIRD TRUMP'S STEADY PRAISE AND ADMIRATION FOR PUTIN? THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG!
I wish you would also include Coretta Scott King and the children of America in those you will honor on the floor.
Americans are living in terror. Help us Senator.  This thing with Putin is horrifying. What's happening?
Thank you! I like Obama, but he certainly wasn't you! NEVER VOTE FOR SOMEONE BASED ON RACE OR GENDER!
what is our president @realDonaldTrump trying to say? Does he hate America? Does he have Anything positive to say about US?
Thank you for talking out........continue to hold this administration accountable to the TRUTH ! We are depending on you
. @SenJohnMcCain and you don't honor our military who died in Iran calling him a failure? #johnmccain
T/u @SenJohnMcCain for Q’g DJT. Need his taxes, $$info to know why “bias.” Vote no on all nominees until disclosure
I'm honoring Vladimir Kara-Murza on the Senate floor - watch live: https://www.c-span.org/video/?423651-101/us-senate-debates-attorney-general-nomination&live …
- GLOBALIST!  You took money from SOROS!  You are a TRAITOR!
sorry about your Russian bro. Now could you worry about the poisoning of America by trump?
you need to stand up for the American people. Trump only wants to be friends with Russia. You knew this before the election
I recall John insisted that Ru should release a pilot from UA Savchenko. RU did, then here we go
https://dninews.com/article/savchenko-poroshenko-crudely-violates-minsk-agreements …
But not a word about how you screwed the nations public school kids.
after you dishonor American children by voting for DeVos. All talk, no action.
gaslight
You, sir, are a hero. Thank you for honoring Mr. Kara-Murza!
mccain killed more people at the Phoenix veterans affairs than putin has ever killed
Honor a brave man and cravenly vote for nominees of that "fascist, loofa-faced, shit-gibbon".  Charming, Senator.
you should be honoring the children of America instead. But $50k is hard to ignore right? #devos
No Carbon tax!
The longer an authoritarian Putin apologist is allowed to occupy the Oval Office the more we are Russia's moral equivalent.
sorry, not watching your show
I wish you would have had the courage to stand up for public education and #VoteNoDevos
you would honor him better by standing up to trump
TRAITOR
Sir, out of respect for your life longcareer, I will limit my response to your tweet and not the vote. Thanks for your tweet.
you can honor him but not our kids and education system?  So disappointed in you.
Sounds like YOU have a lot of ties with Russia. Traitor McCain.#you are paid and controlled by Sorros!
what kind of hero kisses the asses of this #CowardlyCongress #DeVosvote
nice distraction John. You are a sell-out!
you should have honored American children by voting NO today
tell tillerson that. I can't believe you went from hero to zero
I think trump was right about you all along
Here's a prediction. In the future nobody will be honoring you in the same way. #prisoner You're either all in or simply out.
- While noble, you should've honored our children by voting against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos.
would it have been so bad to ask for someone besides DeVos?  Looks bad.
, you sold out all the children's , your honoring a Russian first, scare of Trump Shameful!! All you GOP are weak minded..!!
You can do that, but vote yes for DeVos! You dishonor USA.
I genuinely respected you, but now I'm starting to see you're just like the rest of the @GOP cronies.
You voted for DeVos but all you talk about is a Russian Putin tried to kill? Could you be more out of touch?
enough with the back patting already.... America is still upset with you.
I'd like to watch you, but just can't today- the day you could have stopped DeVos.
too bad you did not honor teachers today!
Reading all these responses it sounds like you lost a few supporters!  #DeVosvote I'm not going to watch this either.
DeVos lover
no honor for the country's future with vote for DeVos
your leader thinks Putin is brilliant.
Please explain why you bored for devos, doesn't any republican in congress care about education?
get in line behind our President you RHINO your colors are showing
Nice speech, but when it's time to put your money where your mouth is, you'll back down & vote party line. Like always
#DeVos
Betsy DeVos is going to be the ruin of our eduction system.  You sold us out.  You sold the public schools out. Poor kids.
you couldn't sway one more Republican on DeVos? Did you vote for her? #depressing #ashamed
How can you continue to jeopardize our Republic in the name of partisan politics?#EnablingAMadman
how in the world could have voted for devoss.  Is being a republican that important
unbelievable.  Detracting from the senate votes on cabinet nominees I truly hope you have Americans interest in mind. GOP
need 2 explain votes supporting a administration that was ill gotten & wrecking America New conference explaining why #answer
What unmitigated hypocrisy.
too bad you didnt honor majority of Americans wish and vote no to Devos. You get no more honor from me. Sell out our children
YOU ARE A COWARD! From the bottom of my heart I believe this.  A coward
too bad you don't care this much for the children of this country.
who cates. Do 'n something about pur own authoritarian situation
How do you justify voting for DeVos? You just sold out America's youth.
too bad you couldn't honor the public school children and only honored the $$ of the DeVos family. Shameful.
http://beforeitsnews.com/conspiracy-theories/2017/02/pizzagate-is-much-bigger-than-anyone-knows-and-it-is-about-to-explode-2479905.html …
COWARD. We were counting on you to continue resisting the debauchery. Thanks for throwing our kids under the bus!!!
What are you going to do about the trump attitude towards Russia while he systematically offends our allies?
sorros list and #pizzagate
what about the guy who poisoned him?
You could have honored your constituents by demanding a better Sec of Ed!  What a ridiculous vote.
I voted for you twice this election and in 2008. Now you vote for this woman and make your son delete a tweet? Shameful
Honor him by making @POTUS  take action against Russia. They are attacking the Ukraine.
Too bad you didn't vote NO on DeVos first! Sad to see that your vote can be bought, too.
nobody cares retire stop taken tax payers money for no reason out with old in with the new!!
I had great respect for you, and voted for u despite Crazy VP choice. I find ur blind partisanship disheartening
Too bad you didn't honor American children when you decide to cast your vote for @BetsyDeVos  Appalling.
Your actions speak louder than your words! #NoonDeVos #educationmatters #devosisnotqualified
Oh Please Spare Me. You should just shine Putin's shoes while he takes over the world.  At least then you could be productive
but you Republicans like unfit people. Just look at Trump.
I honestly thought you were a man of honor...then found out you owed Devos and her family a $50,000 favor...disappointed 
I really hope they don't re-elect you. I thought you were a good guy. I was wrong. DeVos is not fit for this position.
You vote for for DeVos!!  How could you do that?
how about honoring our school children?!
All that matters right now is starting impeachment!
Then start to do what's right.  Don't sell us out to get your bills passed.
Where were you today in voting to support @BetsyDeVos  You sure as hell didn't put "Country First." So disappointed in you.
.@SenJohnMcCain No thanks, I can't even look at you. So mad at you for selling out our children for $50,600.
you should have honored your constituents by voting no to devos!!
You should be ashamed of yourself for even posting this and NOT ADDRESSING THE F-ING ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM.
sorry, I can't watch.  I feel like our public education is now poisoned.  I wish you cared about that.....
Way to toe party lines, Mr. "Independent thinker." You are a pawn of your party and we all judge you.
it's a sad day in America when the "maverick" won't stand up against a cheap trick like @realDonaldTrump
You lost my respect today. Shame on you for dishonoring American children. Guess Trump was right about you. You're no hero.
You no longer represent the American people,you have abused the trust far too long.
you mean Vladimir Putin   yow sold out our kids today
what about the future of education for millions of children?
- why didn't you honor the school children and not vote for DeVos?
AZ ranks as one of the worst states when it comes to education and spending. Yet you voted yes on Devos. Justifications?
@leonidragozin you'd better watch your own party's president and accomplices, John. Soon you'll be honoring US journalists.
Shame on you. You sold out and support #putinspuppet
Agreed! Very disappointed in you McCain!
if you want to get to John McCain call Ana M Armendarez 202-224-2235
you lost your honor when you voted for DeVos.
U r correct, there is no #moralequivelance between Russia & America. But there was also no morality in voting 4 #BetsyDeVos
I'm a lifelong democrat and I voted for you because I thought you were strong enough to stand up to Trump. Guess I was wrong.
you are gonna destroy our healthcare and it's gonna be ok. Vote NO on Sessions and Price
solid out America's children  Now you are in line with Putin
Your family must be proud
You could have honored education by VOTING NO FOR DEVOS instead of taking her $$$$$$!!!!
34 journalists assasinated, ? by Putin. Trump creating risky environment with his extreme supporters
you should honor your missing balls, now that you've abandoned any semblance of representation... #Craven
and voting for an incompetent to educate our children- American hero.
too busy watching live #GOP and #DeVos gut public education
.@SenJohnMcCain This is awesome news coming right after you threw America's children under the us with that unqualified lady you voted for.
Back from Post Office
I'm a Dem and had respect for you, sadly you have lost my respect after the DeVos vote. Shame on you sir, she is unqualified.
it's your fault he was poisoned! you voted to confirm tillerson
How much did it cost him? I hear 50k is the going rate.
No Backbone
no thanks. You should have honored your commitment to the kids in your state.
Shame on you for your #DeVos vote.  She was obviously unqualified.  Just when I was starting to warm up to you. #Resistance
But you don't care about my Child's education. Therefore, I no longer give a care about what you do.#untrustworthymccain
Why didn't you honor our educational system by voting no on DeVos?
@SenJohnMcCain your days are # 
... #Voters are no tolerating #corruption from their #govt

@POTUS @VP #MAGA 
какой же ты ебнутый
I always thought that you were a honorable man until today! You let our children down when you voted for DeVos! Shame on you!
Thank you Senator McCain for enlightening your colleagues about this hero of democracy. And about Putin. Plz keep it up!
people that I know that serve or have served in our military have a back bone, where the fuck was yours today??
Thanks for voting your wallet and screwing Az kids over.
Who killed Lincoln? MLK? JFK? MILLIONS of US Military? The USA has not been INNOCENT.
You know DeVos isn't qualified, yet you voted for her. You put party over country. Shame on you.
why did you vote for Devos? You know she is not qualified. Party over country, yet again.
Senator I am a lifelong Democrat. I have a huge amount of respect for you. Why did you vote for DeVos?
Why is such a hero as yourself voting for Trumps unqualified moms? DeVos will decimate public education. We can't afford this
I like how passionate you are regarding Russia, how much did #Soros pay? Must be A lucrative business
Please start putting a working group together to Impeach Trump. We will support. McCain 2020!
I read this morning that his organs are failing.  The man is a true patriot.
You sold your vote this morning for campaign contributions. Nobody wants to hear from you. Go tell Betsy.
that's great.  But how could you vote for Betsy DeVos?  I was really admiring you but this speaks volumes. So disappointed!
Not only are you disloyal to our President, but you waste our time with that rambling, incoherent blather.
Senator, DeVos' hearing was so bad, how could you have let her pass?
you voted for Betsy DeVos you just lost my respect for you
if you feel this way vote down Trump's cronies. Why didn't you vote #NoonDeVos ? #NoJeffSessions ?
Honor him by standing up to the Trump regime before the same happens here. #TaxReturns #FreePress #russianhacking #fakenews
#hypocrisy accuses Russia of the same things the US does
you sir have joined the ranks of betraying the constitution and the children I lost my respect I had for you
The way you honored our children, by voting against their best interests? Vladimir should PASS on this one.
You're as big a POS as Trump
sad or children and grandchildren will not get a quality education. Oh wait you are rich enough for private schooling
thank you for being a stong voice for all the people
how much did this one pay you?#SellOut
why not honor American public schools by voting no on devos?
I am too damned pissed at your vote for DeVos. Money talks. If you vote for Mnuchin, too..I am writing you off.
What is US doing??  Potus wants to release sanctions for Russia.  Thank you fir standing up. Much respect
You have no honor.
Senator.  Hold Potus accountable.   I am told by friends UK is trying to get him out of Russia so he can receive Care
should have opposed DeVos instead. Now kids will suffer. Great job!
doing something honorable on the Senate floor?  Wow. I just thought you voted against our children??
while you vote yes on #PutinPuppet? Way to talk about of both sides of your mouth. Typical congressional hypocrite
I used to think maybe you weren't so bad...then you voted for Betsy Devos!
I too thought you were one of the few Republicans with honor it hurts that I was so wrong about you
same. I had high hopes you'd have the courage to get us out of this mess. #wrong
i wouldn't piss on you if you were on fire mr sell out. do the decent thing and retire, you have no respect left at all.
you voted yes for devos?!? Shame on you senator @SenJohnMcCain! How could you?? #devos
empty gesture. You just voted for Sarah Palin  2.0 for education secretary.
oops.  @SenJohnMcCain
We'll you DIDN'T honor our nation's children when you voted to confirm DeVos.  Disgraceful.
no thanks. you no longer have my ear.
Too bad you didn't honor our country's children by voting NO to DeVos.  You knew it was a bad call.  So disappointed in you.
you talk of honor and you voted for DeVos
you have no honor impeach trump please
unless the end of that sentence is "by denouncing Trump's mealymouthed stance on Russia" I'm not interested.
He kinda did.  It was kinda awesome.  Not enough, but it's a start.
You should have honored students in the United States by voting no on the DeVos nomination. Nation over party, Senator.
sold off America's future-ie Education-for a few thou. Why, John? Your wife is rich, isn't she? Decent, too.
Well that's nice,,we the American People are talking bad about you
U lost your credibility to honor.
Shame on you for voting Yes on DeVos.
Could be great recreation
You gave up your ability to honor when you sold out American children for Betsy Devos
Imp 2b 4 kids,not lame TchrUns. Prnts wil hav power 2 choose rt schl 4 kids. 
Less $$ dwn pubschl drain
Do you frequently mix antidepressants together ?
do so by impeaching Trump.
— The same John McCain who's voting Yes on all of Trump's cabinet nominees? That @SenJohnMcCain? Don't hold your breath.
please refer to Trump as the fraud and liar he is.
