Why would Trump listen to you ? When you do everything in your power to ruin him and the GOP ?
Maybe if trump had not been talking shit about him for years just maybe he would have respect for trump.
That a two way street?
FOOL YOU VOTE AGAINST IT REMEMBER FOOL?
Too late, everything is under control. Puerto Rico long ago lost it's infrastructure due to greed and miss management
Sen McCain. He won't waive it just to spite you. The man has no soul
Nobody wants to hear from you, Senator McCain.  You've said enough. My family lost everything by OBAMACARE. You MOCK us w THUMB DOWN. Angry!
Please waive the Jones Act to help PR. @DHSgov @POTUS
I HAD SOOO MUCH RESPECT FOR MCCAIN......BUT HIS JUVENILE RETALIATION AGAINST PRES. TRUMP THAT ULTIMATELY HURT OUR COUNTRY IS INEXCUSABLE.
Old news it's been done
Waiving it does not help PR right now, and he did it immeidately when the PR governor requested it.  Stop playing politics and carrying on a personal feud. Give honesty and truth a chance.
Even with your medical problems, you’re brain is in better shape than
Trump authorizes waiver to loosen shipping regulations for Puerto Rico
Thank you for helping to get Trump to reverse course and wave the Jones act.
Thank you Senator!  Thank you YahooNews!   Please to continue to be PR’s voice.   We need help over there ASAP!
John McCain getting thanks and trump is made as hell.
Uh...I think I said that already.
BIG LOGISTICS HE HAS TEXAS CAROLINAS FLORIDA PUERTO RICO A PRESIDENT WITH GUTS YOU YAPPING FOR POLITICAL PURPOSE FOOLS
POTUS WAS MAKING SURE THE PORTS WERE SAVE FOR SHIPS TO ARRIVED
How's it feel when you want the President to do something?  Millions were counting on HC repeal too. #WhatHappened?
The only thing  ppl want is for him to do his damn job.
This guys a total idiot
Trump doesn't care because they r black & brown people! He'd help suffering Russian if he could get away w/ it. Impeach it!
Yes
@JohnMcCain_4 Puerto Rico 70 billion in debt?50 billion pension liabilities?What do they do?Sleep all day?
Mr @SenJohnMcCain Did you ever find the one that shot you down?Would you call him a hero ?Or lucky?
#JohnMcCain #HeServedHisCountry #JonesAct
Go away
Tell him, John.  Those are American citizens.  You fought for them before and you can do it now. #thestuffaheroismadeof
I am sure he has a lot of pull with the POTUS.
You advising Trump, you are laughable, you are disrespecting your constituents in Az go home and take a long nap
Drop dead !!!!!
Only if it benefits him
If those guys weren't brown or spoke Spanish, but you already know that.
The Jones Act shut be weaved by congress also a emergency bill to help PR. PR sacrifice in every war we had around the  they w/part of it.
I am confused when you &  are responsible to pass a emergency bill to help PR,  making excuses. POTUS has nothing to do with Jones Act.
The President can wave it with the stroke of the pen. he's also the commander in chief so he can send the navy but is he willing to help?
many of these laws are too old and out dated...need to be redone/reworded
McCain is trying hard to distract from his lies about replacing Obama care. He sounds like Shumer crying over immigrants
Both will do the opposite of what the other wants. It's a second grade school fight. Trump will eventually win because McCain will die.
Not soon enough
First off, this is uninformed and second, why is anyone asking McCain what he thinks. Does he have to weigh in on everything?
Trump has assigned a one star general. #SOSPR
Thank you Senator! Whatever your agenda is on tax reform, a more pressing agenda is needed to address aid to Puerto Rico, @realDonaldTrump !
Thank you for speaking out and for healthcare votes!  Hero!
Ur not a hero ur a traitor.U killed men on ur ship during ur play time&ran&hid.U were a songbird during ur capture&but sold us out Judas
Why the wait POUTUS
Uncontionable - DESPERATE U.S. citizens need aid best sent via ship and shippers' concern is big business. Trumpesque personification!!!
John he doesn't have time for that he's busy with his next fiasco his phoney tax plan
Thank you, Sen McCain!  Trump is is leaving American citizens in humanitarian crisis in our borders. And where is the USNS Comfort?
Please understand the all port are really damage therefore is difficult to allow them in.

resign
Read my lips, "WE DONT CARE WHAT YOU THINK." RETIRE!
Congress is the ones who repeal laws. President enforces the laws Congress makes
@SenJohnMcCain Help us McCain!!
Resign McCain
He already did reverse it, you're way too late. Stop with the Trump hate it makes you look bad.
Great on this Issue Jones Act; now name me 10 Democrats you personally know will legitimately compromise on Healthcare; not Bernie ideas...
How can we set better expectations at a state level to make sure our senators are representing their states and not trying to be global??
Please worry about Arizona
How are you involved in everything?
Thank you Senator! #TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW. GET USNS COMFORT & LINCOLN THERE PRONTO! BOOTS ON THE GROUND! STOP PETTY RED TAPE.SUSPEND JONES
"And a Hero comes along, with the strength to carry on" John you are our Hero.
Thank you, Senator McCain for doing right by the American People of Puerto Rico!

Seems like a sitting senator w/ a majority congress should be able to do something about an outmoded law. #DoNothingCongress
Has nothing to do with getting aid to Puerto Rico, has to do with a little pompous man trying to be relevant. RETIRE Brutus
President will if needed for PR people-something you wouldn't do for people who are suffering under OCARE which you support.
Funny how he wants something from Trump now. Where were you when we needed you @SenJohnMcCain?
I love you John McCain  You're a true leader of our country, heartless beast @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about the people's lives.
Good luck with that. 
really? Jones act is there for a reason.
Americans urge McCain to resign to reverse economic catastrophe of Obamacare.
BS! The problem is getting material off ships & to where needed. PR transportation infrastructure in ruins.
@CNN @jaketapper Can an american Shipping company lease the ships with aid for a day to allow them into port and unload?
Why should Trump even listen to what the traitor to his Party has to say? McCain is a total ASS.
Reverse coarse in What! Your a traitor liar and cheat!
2 term limit house of reps & senate. Go home old man. Let Megan McCain replace you. At least she's easy on the eye. Once u were a hero fadin
McCain you're an aged out rhino need to retire take McConnell Collins and all senators who've been there over 2 terms with you trump house T
I agree. A republican with empathy can't be a genuine republican.
Amen Trevor fire vote out of office all old men and fatso women house and senate 2 term lmt support TRUMP or get out trump house tommy 4free
Swoosh!
I have my doubts about anything this traitor says. He likes to be in front of the cameras.
You mean Der Grabbenfuhrer, honey.
Lame cover up.  US Navy & Coast Guard don't meet reqm't? Who shuttle services to gulf oil platforms? Just planning this now? No salvation.
If 45 can't act, impeach him!  Let's get on with it!
If only McCain was as concerned with our health care system, that he complained on for re- election
That would be a fair thing to do if Johnny would reverse "The McCain Act" which hurts the entire Country.
Bring it up to Congress! Do it the right way!
It can be overridden temporarily via DHS.
Key word "temporarily" make congress work for the people not k street. That is if it's a huge deal right now for Congress? 
It only needs currently to be temporarily overridden. Trump has acted aloof before, he should know better.
McCain is an asshole traitor
#AmericanGenocide #AmericanGenocide #AmericanGenocide #AmericanGenocide #AmericanGenocide
Last liar president needs to listen to. Liar liar

Your a complete Joke What about Healthcare for the American People. As usual everybody else first but America , Trump has sent aid. wake up
Why would Sen. McCain expect the Trump administration to do anything to benefit these American People. Too many are Latino and Black in Puerto Rico
hey John....you can urge all you want. Our @POTUS is way ahead of you, will do whats right for Puerto Rico without  you...go fix healthcare traitor!!!
Senator, introduce an amendment to this bill allowing help in instances like this.
Because trump unpatriotic idiot who attacked bravery of prisoners of war Congress needs to take leading role Puerto Rico
Letters of Marque and Reprisal are usually used against pirates, terrorists.  Congress could use to take full control itself of navy ships
How has @realDonaldTrump survive without  all this McCain advice until now?
Why do you think McCain would vote no? Gov of AZ and the ppl of AZ wanted it. Cuz he hates Trump. TERM LIMITS
Funny all of a sudden these politicians care about Puerto Rico .. have you seen their living conditions
Does he not get that they are US CITIZENS !!!!!  PLEASE IMPEACH HIM !!!!!!!!!
You can't impeach a senator, nor can you recall them, sadly.
These people need help NOW!  Can't Congress do this?  #ForgetTheDotard
If America doesn't have enough Ships or Sailors.....GET SOME MORE! If one Storm can strain the Fleet this bad, there is a problem
Senator, you are an inspiration and a judicious legislator on so many issues. We need you more than ever. Thank you.
I think someone needs to print out a copy of the job description for the POTUS!
He's clueless...
@realDonaldTrump Trump is busy  tweeting about the NFL and the SOBs. That's more important to him than the US citizens suffering in PR
@realDonaldTrump does care about the Americans in PR.
American people are DYING in Puerto Rico and the USVI.  WAIVE THE JONES ACT AND HELP YOUR PEOPLE!!!! Where is your empathy????? 2/2
He has no empathy, have you not noticed?  Can't Congress do something.  #ForgetTheDotard
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10155613073773886&id=27223368885 …
TRUMP dose not know what to do & don't care!
Sold out
John McCain was comfortable with the enemy in Vietnam the songbird of Hanoi bay! This guy is a menace and should be put down like a dog
Just heard Trump say basically won't waive Jones Act cuz concerned about shipping companies !!!! Wtf is wrong with him ppl are dying blame u
Thank you Mr. Senator You have always been a Hero!
It's disgusting to hear that your president is more concerned with how the "shippers" will be affected by waiving the Jones Act.  Sad. 1/2
Trump is helping 100%.  Quit calling Hillary for news.
Why don't you just call him up instead of going through the Press
oh yeah because you like that
https://twitter.com/UnamedGovSource/status/911728212455116801 …
A #president who doesn't care about #america #usa #pr #puertorico
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain !!! 
This clown has stabbed the POTUS in the back TWICE!! MAKE NO MISTAKE NO WAY !!!!
He serves the people, not Potus. Get over it. Potus and Family will be locked up soon.
DHS says can't waive Jones Act unless for National Defense purposes. Isn't disaster recovery a form of national defense?
But they could waive it for Texas and Florida to ship oil.

When are you gonna shut up McCain? Hope soon!
Puerto Rico is kidnapped by the US government
after more NFL tweets he will.
Does Trump know what Jones Act is???
Puerto Rico is kidnapped by the US government
Hope he does it.
