Hopefully we can find a real conservative to remove this RINO.
Thank you Senator for all you do for our country. You're my hero
Both campaigned on repealing Obamacare, when it came time @SenJohnMcCain  and @SenatorCollins folded like a cheap tent
Because the hc bills that were presented would hurt 20 million people instead of improving healthcare.We can all work together to improve hc
@SenJohnMcCain promised he would repeal the law, he failed.
He LIED
2 traitors sticking together. are you both going to be democrats now?
Senator McCain is one of the finest human beings in this world. He is honorable,smart,honest and has a !
Melinda did you see the smile on his face when he and Schumer made eye contact after he voted against repeal. Really scary and All revenge
I feel everyone should have heath insurance.I know a lot of people who could die without it including my son and I.
I know they all do things for political profit,but to me it was an important vote.A lot of issues I don't agree on.
Please save us before it's to late and impeach http://Trump.You  are both heros in my standing up for healthcare! Thank You Both
Senator McCain have you tried immune therapy,stem cell therapy or CBD therapy. Please search out different treatments. You are in my prayers
Two of a kind ... the worst double-talkers and shallow mental thinkers!!
Oh, the no caucus
Agreed!!  Honesty and sincere!!  Traits alien to Trump.  :-(
I am so sorry but you need to disappear. Please
Evil bitter little man
You have spent all your capital John... Sabotage is your motive now. How sad! May the afterlife spare your deceit.
That may not be saying much as the bar is set pretty low.

I whole heartly agree and I'm a Democrat..
As you are Senator McCain. We want you there for us, and for our entire nation!!


Because she's a traitor like you
Lol this is so telling!!
That comment probably just sealed her demise.
Thank you to both of you for never being bullied. For standing up to what’s right. To not being intimidated by the Fake president
We need more moderate Republicans to work both sides of the aisle.
Your a rino! Why are you behaving like this McCain?
And you're the worst. Peckernut
The lying trio of McCain, Murkowski and Collins.. Over and over they vote yes on repeal bill..Trump elected and vote no on SAME BILL.. Liars

We need more folks like the two of you in Washington.
Maybe, but like you she is on the wrong side of the aisle

Her web site does not say if she is a Republican or Democrat. She like to work with both parties. Sounds a lot like democrat John McCain
Two Senators in a dying breed of Statesmen to this Country.  Stay STRONG sir!!  May God bless you!!
Correction, finest Democrat Senators, John.
Read all these tweets below and acknowledge you are trying to devide US! Stop it!
What kind of game are you playing? I really love my country. I believe you are hurting US to get back at my @POTUS. Don't do this anymore.
Figures you would think that. I just wish the both of you would stop the charade and officially join the Democratic Party and Progressives.
Say what?!! She is abominable, a RINO, but I guess birds of a feather ...both a cancer on conservatism and need to go!
Democratic Senator Collins is a party traitor & turn coat, she'll be voted out of office come election time, we don't forget John.
first I want to say I hope you get healed
I'm not a Republican, I don't always agree and I don't live in AZ or ME but I respect the work that both of you are doing. Nicely done!
I completely and respectfully disagree.
Yes!
The country thanks you both for your thoughtful service
Just recieved NC Blue Cross & Blue Shield letter. Our catesptrophic small biz health plan is going up 100% to $1,600 / mo. McCain a hero?
Awesome!
Another fake republican.  At least the DEMs are honest about their anti-american socialist policies.
Yo John - Russia Sanctions?
Hahahhaha you mean faux republican establishment cronies - you guys are as thick as thieves
She needs to defect to the Democrats as you seem to need to do as well.
Rino wants to keep Rino
Mr. McCain..  You are the definition of hero.. Amazing.. Stand-up..  Honorable..  Solid American man
Between you and her i can't think of 2 bigger traitors to our country? Of course you're the biggest in our history by far!
If that is your opinion-then I definitely hate her. #YouAreSenile
In in maine, Collins will be gone soon enough!
#SupportKurdistan From terrorist #IRGC and Iraqi PMF attacks
Do you guys have common friends?
You need to step down McCain. You just really need to quickly. Stop the damage you’re inflicting. Geez go already....
Are you Still around? Switch parties yet?
stop supporting the failed ACA, WITH cost sharing my policy went from 67.00 to over 500.00.
It will not vote for any Republican unless tax  and healthcare reform get done. You are a fake! #PurgeTheGOP
Tractors stick together.
Must Watch 
http://therightscoop.com/islam-takes-over-american-streets-for-bloody-muslim-ritual/ … … 

WTF 
Islam takes over American streets for bloody Muslim ritual …
RINO's stick together.  Pathetic, both of you.  You serve yourselves, not the people.
You guys must have some juice on her?
Hey John and Susan; "Finest senator I've ever known". You also said we have nothing to fear from an Obama presidency. Lying schmuck!

Idiot
Really?  I’m not surprised a RINO like u would say that about a fellow RINO.
#termlimits
You both are the worst kind of politicians.  Petty and vindictive. Not make good decisions gor America only your petty revenge.
Because of your illness many try to not say nasty things to you but I'm not one, God will judge your actions and conversation, you're sad
You're a piece of shit, and so is Collins. At least you know where Pelosi and Schumer stand. You 2 are sacks of camel dung.
REALLY?

#RepealAndReplace #OBAMAcare 

@lisamurkowski
Nooooooooou two are simply the worst swamp creatures. Staying in so u can block the President. That’s helpful.
You're both delirious and a hindrance to progress.
Both of you are wormy lying pieces of s---
A McCain endorsement. That will help her
Collins and McCain have been in office for a combined 5 decades.  It's time to mop that mess up and clean house.
Like @JerryFalwellJr  says, you fake republicans need to stick together. Time for all of you to leave. Do the right thing for the country
When will you and the rest of the GOP grow a sine and impeach trump ?
If you want socialism, govt healthcare too expensive, high taxes & arrogant global elitism. Two peas of same pod. You're a hypocrite
You’re delusional
Wrong again traitor McCain. RINO's who will not keep their word, working against the voters.
Fire John McCain he's a Nazi
Dude your word ain't shi# nor your honor this vet gives ya a thunbs down
For the greater good will ya just die allready
Says more about your character than even the lies to your constituents.
I suspect you are the person who convinced her. I'm glad she is staying too.
dam!! I thought she was leaving!@
She is a Rino like you. Remember the USS FORRISTAL
I'm sad, Maine needs a good governor
Your number 1 she number 2 outstanding God bless you both @SenJohnMcCain@SenCollins @NancyPelosi
Traitor
You both need to go!!
Remember when you were President? Oh!
Never fear...2020 will soon be here!
Amen!!
McCain, you and Collins keep misspelling your party affiliation. The party you support is spelled “Democrat”.   Please correct ASAP!
McCain has sunk to the level of a cult leader no longer represents America apparently torture has taken its toll on him very sad
With all respect to you Senator, I believe you should all retire and enjoy life!  Time to pass the torch!
Please resign !
Remain in senate? Doubt it traitor. Look for huge upsets. 
PRIMARY
But not get reelected!
Collins is a plus. Now educate population on world issues and democracy.  Stop using ignorant people to prop up GOP.  Facts not spin please.
RINOs have to stick together. 
Im sure the tax bill is a no for you like you did to Bush. Traitor .Jane is proud of you .
@SenateMajLdr why don’t you exercise your authority and boot these RINO’s off their committees?  Or was it your intention to torpedo HC?
Shut up  miserable old man. It’s obvious your jealous of President Trump. You can’t even put that aside & do what’s best for USA!
Songbird retire!
Get over being but hurt and support our Presidents agenda!!!!!!!!!! You are a traitor to us Arizona constituents.
With you and S Collins Americans have some HOPE ! Thank You both for being America's first !
Great coming from someone who always protects the left....very appropriate for u.
Susan Collins should sign up as a democrat
Why r u two republicans?
You're listening to the wrong people. You will not lose your insurance or your subsidies,but you will most likely...
I feel everyone should have heath insurance.I know a lot of people who could die without it including my son and I.
Chose a better, less expensive policy with another company because there will be more choices.
If you are simply on medicaid, then you know his pen didn't affect that program. You should be mad at no good obstructionists in congress>JM
Today youtube just deprived him of the right to do live streaming. He had planned to reveal a top CCP official is astoundingly corrupted
Please look into national security eroded by Chinese government sponsored espionage in USA.  A dissident @KwokMilesGWG is revealing that
Just shut up and resign. You are a traitor to the country on multiple occasions don't need you to continue to be so.
John just go away take Collins and Flake with you , democrats pretending to be republicans , better yet just switch parties & get over it !
Scum Bags of a feather. #USuck
She has certainly stood up to the agenda. You have, too. I’m glad you lost to @BarackObama but I’m pleased with your 3rd act renaissance!
The two of you are the reason why we need term limits as voters in your state are easily fooled during elections
One of your turncoat Dems dressed in rhino clothing congrats u have down us all in w ur no votes Lying liar..pathetic legacy #turncoatMcCain
She should quit while she’s ahead. She’ll be voted out.
As are you Senator McCain.
The USA is lucky to have two stellar Senators, such as yourselves, watching out for Our Well-being!
THANK YOU!
I am so very appreciative of you both.  Very happy Senator Collins remaining in the senate, we need you both. PLEASE PLEASE fix hlthcare 
Do the Country a favor and retire now!
Hope you are out
Birds of a feather....y’all deserve each other. 
Bec of ppl like her and u gop will lose next year remember that songbird .

You were the hero you always thought you were by fucking hard working Americans. Shaking hands  with shitbag Schumer was disgraceful
I will never forget the sheer pleasure on your face when you colluded with Schumer and Pelosi by sabotaging bills just to stick it to Trump
It’s time for term limits for all you congress and Senate politicians!!!!
Oh be quiet. Smh
Why is your friend playing Golf on tax payer dollars with a man he should be calling on his party to start impeachment proceedings? Help Us!
We always ask to much of our hero’s, but even with poor health we need you to get Republicans to take action against Russian Elected Pres!
Funny, cuz you're 2 of the worst senators I've ever seen. And you're both on your way out of a job. Bye.
Senator please do something to push back against the most unfit and flat out dangerous person in the world ! We need Rep to take action!
Song Bird 
Oh Piss Off
Karma my friend,  gonna come for u two. Whn your on that death bed. We'll be glad God will get his justice on you* you angry bitter old ppl*
You manipulated voters to get reelected but your obstructionist attempts will fail after 2018 elections and more REAL GOP Senators voted in.
Yeah and I'm sure she was given plenty "incentive" to stay in the Senate and "be your friend" and fellow obstructionist RINO.
Mcaine words ring hollow after HC
Ugh!  Please go ruin Maine or wherever instead!  Don't need another RHINO ruining #MAGA further!
John your like the nephanim jews that claimed to be levites a liar on Satan's behalf GOD knows your works and you'll answere

You are a C U Next Tuesday.
its ok you and Collins and flake will be voted out when its time to vote again,
A recommendation from a traitor Well that confirms it. I will not  be voting for Collins #RHINO
Too bad. Needs to go
An enforcement from old songbird isn’t something to be proud of.
SO SAD 2 READ REPLIES. UNEDUCATED PEOPLE PLEASE READ:
You're a Barack Obama ass puppet!
Should we read something into that John.  Did you resign yet.
