We're having our own crackdown here! Do something! #25thAmendmentNow

Anyone who is disgusted by Weinstein, but voted for Trump can jump off a cliff.
Next
This is the same senator McCain that told peaceful protesters, protesting H. Kissinger: "Shut up or I will have you arrested!!"
That’s just he judiciary...
Total numbers are tenfold... if not worse...
@potus is trying to intimidate freedom of the press here! @realdonaldtrump would like to be more powerful like @PutinRF
Let's tackle @realDonaldTrump's attack on the free press at home! #FreePress
New islamic republic of turkey and its jihadist dictator erdogan hates Americans. It's time to kick off their ads from NATO.
This is where we r headed with Trump, please keep USA  free. Protect our constitution
Well, thanks to your buddy #Erdogan. Your Twitts don't do any good, why don't you take a serious action?
All of you fake Republicans need to step down you are not helping Americans tell  we do have a lot of fake Republicans  get out of the way
Pay attention sir, our President is heading down that same path.
Retire McCain! Let a real Patriot drive! Your tired and we're tired of you!
Yep I hear nothing from you about Trumps assault on the free press.
Sounds like the President is watching and taking notes, we're heading that way very soon
There are no independent judiciary and rule of law under the Erdogan regime!
Think that verdict with this table:
Airing a #PKK terror org propaganda video is considered journalism  Showing a #PKK terrorist setting up a RPG-7 is freedom of speech 
We need to shine a similar magnifying glass on 45. He had been attacking the free press and private citizens his entire tenure.
Really What are you saying ?Free press ha 
They killed the people in my country and press should say that they are good people shouldnt they
The free press in America.
Katie life is the best of the world 
The people are killed for money by your country and like it 
example ha ??? Do you want
I'm just going to reply with random words my phone chooses.. We all can be a good day for the boys and girls. I don't have a process on how.
You're done in this Country sir. Why don't you do what's right and resign.
Yeah, John? How about you pay attention to the orange face Shit Gibbon in the White House who is trying to crack down on the free press.
And the US? Any plans to thwart the same here?
SongBird
PKK is recognized as a terrorist org by the  Supporting PKK terrorism in any means is unlawful & contrary to counter terrorism efforts
Turkey is disturbed by detention of its citizens allegedly violating embargo on Iran which doesnt bind Turks. Will Senator protest that,too?
If it doesn't bind Turks, why did Zarrab paid millions of money to Erdogans Ministers???
I also hate crack downs on Free Press.
You own your Party until you take a stand and call for impeachment.
Since Ayla is citizen of Finland, Finnish MFA calls in Ambassador of Turkey in Finland for discussion.
Is he taking lessons from da prez??
Turkish peoples never massacred Jewish for 1000 years living together but many other nations did even Jews, Pls friendship against terror
Our freedom of speech is in danger.  A free press is the cornerstone of freedom.  DJT proposes revoking broadcast license of major networks.
Yes and Trump is trying to trash the First Amendment-violating the oath he took to defend the Constitution-This is not Turkey or Russia
What about Trump’s crackdown on our free press?
#SupportKurdistan
Our @potus is cracking down on press freedom in the USA.Yet you say nothing, do nothing. We need you to once again defend our freedoms.
we have a sultan running Istanbul and not a president.
U have let your petty personal feelings 4 Trump dictate your voting to the detriment of American people.
Sadly, Turkey isn't the only country where the leader is supporting crack down on free press. You are right- its disturbing!
Did you see what our President tweeted, really really did you see, and Turkey you worry about. You guys better come clean about ours.
Senator, Trump is trying to undermine the first amendment here. Something needs to be done
The American people are more disturbed that you ran a campaign on repeal & replace and you spit in the eye of the people who elected you!
, please Senator, be more concerned about freedom of the press in OUR country! #Resist and #ImpeachTrump!
Same thing could happen on your own doorstep soon
PKK is recognized as a terrorist org by the  Supporting PKK terrorism in any means is unlawful & contrary to counter terrorism efforts ...
You ought to know Disturbed when you see it. You're one of the most DISTURBED persons I know of!!!
The link seems not to work 'no permission'  or may it be connected to me being located in Turkey?
My Finnish friend could open it, I could not, so I guess we are blocked also from that..
Well...you mean Sen McCain is blocked in Turkey - one of tenthousands of www blocked. #FreedomOfSpeech
@SenJohnMcCain Please stop POTUS from limiting expression of free speech and free media in this country, too 
What about Trump wanting to revoke NBC license and tell people the first amendment is disgusting
Please save us from Trump, he is unfit.

President Trump: "It's frankly disgusting the way the press is able to write whatever they want to write, and people should look into it." 
How long until this happens in America? 
Loyalty to Country & Constituents—NOT Dictator Trump. 
Please GOP ... DO SOMETHING!
Call "Command" to send in the black ops team to rescue to Ayla! Get em John!
Yes. TRASH him
You mean like @realDonaldTrump’s attack on the American Free Press? Why aren’t you outraged for the Americans you represent?
Ajanlariniz bakalim nasil kaçacak
https://www.voanews.com/amp/3869789.html …
Looking forward to both a similar tweet about DT's attack on the free press here and you no longer rubber-stamping his unqualified nominees.
That's what potus wants to do.
Our POTUS is trying to do the same in the public "opinion" court - stop him.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS questioning #FreePress is crazy as an #American I need your support to #ImpeachTrump and stand up to his bullying!!
While Trump wants to remove NBC license and attacks other press outlets who have negative coverage. Do something about it instead of posting
disturbing you are still my senator
You may want to keep an eye on our President. Spoke and tweeted about taking Press freedom away in our country.
Dang.  We falsely reported about u.    Now we are trying to remove u
Worry about our own free speech at home, Johnny Boy
And now that Moron wants to do away with NBC. What a childish power trip he is on. Please help rid us of him before it is to late
Not good. Scary world
Sir what about the attack on #TheFreePress  @realDonaldTrump is pushing here at home? What about THAT Sir?
Yes. Sooo.... our POTUS would like to do the same. What does that tell you?
I think it is McCain who is disturbed, why doesn't he just resign.
Sounds a lot like what our electoral president is trying to do.
You know who else would like a media crack down, right?
How about doing something about those in the US cracking down on the free press?  Namely Trump
Online terror content must be removed Senator McCain. Watch WSJ concerned #PKK video. It is a pure call to youth self radicalization 
Don't forget @POTUS today talking about investigating our free press and threatening to revoke media licenses. It starts somewhere.


Just shut up and go away dude.   Seriously.   You are an enemy of the people of the USA
This must be where Trump is taking his cue from!
How do u know falsely? Stop using journalists to do ur dirty jobs! Bring democracy to USA first n stop ur dirty politics in ME.
in view of ur tweet, any comments on president's tweet threat against USA 1st Amendment? #coolerheadsprevail. #NoNukes
How about you worry about the clear and present danger to democracy in your own country. #impeach
And now trump is attacking OUR PRESS! #25thAmendmentNow

Shut up half brain RINO McCain
What about our president being falsely accused. Please retire. We need term limits in the congress
What about trump's crackdown on the free press?
We need your support to prevent the same totalitarian tactics from taking place here
Sounds like they learned from our president who believes he is the only one who can say what he feels the rest of us must obey.

When will you guys stand up to 45 trampling on our free press? #ImpeachTrump
Sounds like we are next with trump...... hang in there senator!
Yea well your buddy in the WH is trying to do rhe same thing!
Fake news sucks.
You aren't doing anything for the American people so I guess it's okay for you to comment on another country.
We need to make sure @realDonaldTrump doesn’t attempt the same.
Thank you for standing up for the press.,
Echoes our own situation and yet you and your party refuse to remove a crazy, unfit prez until tax breaks come through.  NOT American sir!
Where are you Senator McCain on trump threatening the news media in the USA. Come on Senator.
I agree we should be disturbed. However, this will soon be our press if this administration isn't brought under control.
Turkey’s war on free press??? Look at your own party, Senator. Your ‘leader’ is no better than Erdogan. Has no understanding of Constitution
That must be why Trump made his NBC comment today... trying to emulate Ertogan!
That will be us soon if trump has his way. Hoping you beat you battle with cancer, sir.
Turkey's NATO membership needs to be suspended.
You are a lying dog democrat!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Kick em out of NATO
Our U.S. president is trying to do the same.
THIS can't happen in US with out-of-control Trump. Please do something!
Disturbed John McCain today was whisked away to prison for treason against the American people
U should be worried about trump and his trying to delegitimize our press with his “fake news” bs
How about a comment about Trump's crackdown on free press?
What will Republicans do to stop this from happening in US?  Trump is trying to take us there!   He MUST be removed to save our democracy!
Have you seen @realDonaldTrump latest tweet about @nbc? Where is the @SenateGOP censoring him a la McCarthy? #TrumpRussia
DJT admires Erdogan.
Looking at how 45 treats the press we aren’t far behind them
And the President's attempt to muzzle the free press?
Ah, the  friends! No surprise
Yo. The president seems like he wants to do the same here. Will you stand up to him if he does?
And Trump would like to do the same in the US
It seems we are on the same path
If you look a little harder you will see a lot more that should disturb you in Turkey.
Our President would very much like to crack down on our free press.
Please pass this tweet on to fellow GOP Trump
Somewhat like Trump is trying to do with the US media
Sounds like trump. Falsely accusing the press and the desire to punish them.
Save us from Trump and nuclear war followed by dictatorship. Please.
Trump likes Turkish presidents thuggery.  He’s constantly attacking USA free press. DANGER!!!!!
Yeah trump! Exactly as he wants.... don’t worry John, your about to retire I’m sure.
Worry about tax code and forget Turkey.
Please pay attention to Trump - threatening media to pull licenses?
That can happen here w/#MoronTrump Anyone watching #DotardTrump at the new WH Adult Daycare Center? #TrumpRussia
Your president is cracking down on free press right here.  What are you going to do about it???
Look at what our president may be trying to do in the coming weeks. Den. McCain, hope you are doing well sir.
What happened to repeal and replace you promised? What about the peoples tax cut? Please get your eyes on the peoples needs!
You mean the court under Erdogan’s thump whom Trump apologized to and said he was honored to meet? Didn’t hear ya speak out then though
ErDOGan the killer thug makes Putin look like mother Theresa!
Senator please talk to your colleages, he has did so many things that are not presidential, i dont have to list them. Repubs unite
Trump is getting close to CENSORSHIP in this country!
Hmmm with Cheeto-in-chief around we are not far from it here in the US as he threatens to pull licenses.
Pay attention...if @realDonaldTrump gets his way here, our only approved source of information would be Fox, Breitbart and Trump TV.
Tell that to Trump please.
It's happening here, too, Senator.  What will the GOP do to stop it?
Did you see what Trump said today about the press?
This is what 45 wants to do STOP HIM
To hell with US rules on free press.
You guys won't allow anyone to talk abt ur national security issues and want others to flw hmn r8s.
Go away already
@SenJohnMcCain - YOU are a #STAIN & everything you touch is tainted. YOU CANNOT BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY
Then say something about POTUS, the media and the First Amendment. Your country will listen to you.
Disturbed.... yes... yes that IS another word I can use to describe you, songbird. I'm more content with knowing your prognosis.  #MAGA
Sounds kinda like 'Merica under the rule of #fuckingmoron - #MAGA #pleasedosomethingaboutit
Since you think you're one step down from God, why don't you go to Turkey and bring home Albayrak? Or do your gums flap with no sound?????
Sounds like that gizzard in the WH. Take him down Senator!!!  The Vietnam generation stands with you. He ridiculed your heroic service

Sir, can we do something about dotard in the WH threatening the same today? I mean what else can Vlad’s puppet say or do b4 we do something?
Hey, man!  Your Alzheimer's pharmacist came out today!  You're Freeee! #ComingOutDay #DrainTheSewer (YOU!) #LockYOUUp
Sounds like what @realDonaldTrump wants to do
That is exactly why Trump admires and praises Erdoghan only out of all these great world leaders !
Your constituents agree, you are disturbed! #MAGA #DRAINTHESWAMP #MCCAINMUSTGO
Kinda sounds like your boss! You all really need to band together against this idiot in oval office before our country looks like that!
That's your flipping President @SenJohnMcCain
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Blah, blah, blah. We Republicans don't listen to you anymore since you screwed us and stuck us with obozocare. I hope Trump UN-EXEMPTS u.
Sounds like USA is next by Trumps tweet today...
It’s happening in the USA today, POTUS has publicly threaten to shut down NBC,a major network How can we condemn Turkey when we are doing it
DJT's fantasy
Why don't you do something to help Americans?
@WhiteHouse @StateDept @NATO
@brett_mcgurk @PentagonPresSec

#Erdogan's #Idlib scenario; the target is #Afrîn !
►►
Kurdish commander: "We would like America to remain.
The American forces here want to remain as well"
@amberinzaman►►http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2017/09/turkey-kurdish-commander-says-us-should-stay-in-syria.html#ixzz4vEQEFdph …
@nytimes @lemondefr @AP @BBCWorld
@welt @cnni @washingtonpost  @ForeignPolicy
@Independent @guardian @ReutersWorld
“I think there’s nothing more important to this government than silencing evidence about #corruption.” 
 http://almon.co/2xog  #Turkey
@UN @Europarl_EN @EP_President
@Number10gov @CJTFOIR 

Turkey’s post-referendum fury exposes armed ‘volunteers’
►►http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2017/10/turkey-post-referendum-fury-exposes-armed-volunteers.html …
@ARTEfr @ARTEde @TV5MONDEINFO @France2tv
@CBSNews @ABC @NBCNews @elpaisinenglish
@euronews @Europe1 @parlament_cat
How helpful - #Turkish artillery fire on #SDF forces on Jabal Barsaya (northwest of 'Azaz, Aleppo). No #ISIS or #HTS in the area. 

Enough is enough !!
Stop the Islamo-fascist Erdogan's Turkey
and its jihadi proxies aggressions against #Afrin NOW !
https://twitter.com/mutludc/status/884127828236808196 …
How about u plz stand up to Trump's latest tweet regarding Fake News revocation of news  licenses FREE PRESS must be allowed to speak!!!
Please protect America from the same.  SOS
Ahhh...  that explains why trump seems to like the Turks.
Sounds like we have our own issues with free press right here in the US.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
#25thAmendmentNow
with all due respect sir why then continuously let @realDonaldTrump attack  the press and our free speech. sounds kind of hypocritical.
Was @realDonaldTrump on that bench?
Ayla Albayrak supports the terror organization PKK.  If a journalist supports terror organization el-kaide in US, Do you say free press ?
Stop Kurdish genocide u fulls of big turk race racists. You support all terrorism. Isis is yours army
Deash is a terrorist organization with foreign warriors. The weapons used by pkk and deash are US-branded. you know nothing.
Half island.U want the government.why don't u give rights to indigenous kurds that u occupite their homeland?U only Take? Thats bad TERROR
because Israel will be established in that region. the Kurds do not understand that.  our problem is not Kurds.
Your problem are your Racists leaders that their big Turk race should kill everybody but nobody them.we should surrender as dogs.NEVER
Our leaders protect every innocent people who escape from the US war. we are protecting the Kurds from the West. you have to understand this
West countries have millions turks working there.They give u money jobs schools mosques freedom but u hate CHRISTIANITY.U want to kill us
You enabled a man who will do the same to the US. Impeach him now before it's too late
This is the real case in Turkey now, not only one WSJ reporter but also 75k people arrested due to use Bylock, an official Google Play app.
Disturbed American court gives paedophile a child - those in glass houses shouldn't throw rocks
Kinda like 45?
Turkey is not fit to be a member of NATO.
One Vote Johnie all u are trying to do but can’t is being like POTUS.  Idiot. Ste down.  RINO
Song Bird Tell the American people why you don’t deserve the title “Hero” Tell them how you sold our boys out https://youtu.be/4hr37eE0nO8 
And we have a president who warrants to crack down on our free press. Please move to IMPEACH!
What was she doing in Turkey? Reporters take risks going to places like this, why? It's not worth it, is it? Is it on America to get her out
You need to be in jail Senator
What about Trump's here at home?
You might want to take a look at our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump proposed crackdown on our free press
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
All these college students yelling yes we can!  Dang.  An uprising
Guy came out of nowhere!  Who was he?  We still don’t know where he’s from.  Yes we can.  Hope and change.  What was that about?
Stop being negative.  You made it clear in 2008 you weren’t going to run a negative campaign.
Let’s go to war with Turkey then.
How many reporters have been killed in Mexico by the cartel? To bad you can't focus on securing our border. Traitor
your #AssholInOffice @realDonaldTrump just threatend to revoke @nbc license. Yeah, the Turks are fucking their shit up, but so do your people.
Don't give 45 ideas
You are disturbed at how Turkey is cracking down on free press????? What about here with Trump????
