If you people don't get serious, Russia will indirectly recolonize America.
They are already doing that
Go home & resign!Stop this foolishness about Russia! We know lobbyists and special interests are running your agendaret. Special Agent/vet
Russia Russia Russia, isn't it time to think about domestic politics, you have it as deplorable.
You're no better than Putin so stop the BS.
Time for John McCain to do the honorable thing and resign. He claims to be honorable let's see if he is
You are a TRAITOR TO AMERICAN'S AND I USE TO SUPPORT YOU BUT I WILL NEVER DO THAT AGAIN.
Prayers for your health. May God heal you completely. You are so needed in congress. We love you!!!!!!!!!
CONGRATULATIONS ON RESTRICTING THE POWER OF TRAITOR TRUMP WHO SOLD AMERICA TO RUSSIA.  HELP US GET THIS DANGEROUS PSYCHOPATH OUT OF THE WH!
Congratulations Senator on choosing humanity over politics and showing the world your integrity and caring nature  We admire you
Of course DIVA John wants people to "See the Show!" You make me sick!
A donkey wearing a rhino skin pretending to be an elephant... https://twitter.com/ManMountain78R2/status/891158963319824384 …
It is about time that we began taking action against the Russian influence in Washington.  We should root out the #Traitors and hang them.
I dig me some Senator McCain, what a Great American. You should have
been the President. I wish you all the Best you are Great.
To bad it's not a farewell speech, you need to retire.
What a crock!
@SenJohnMcCain is so dead. Just attend his funeral. He is done
He is "stolen valor" Hanoi Hilton 'squealer' on fellow POWs.
I saw a documentary about  u and  ur life!! And I love u  thank u  4 not taking away Medicaid from millions of people
I'm scared about that!!
You are a fraud
Wish we had this type of leadership in the White House. Well done!
why.??? What are you going to lie and F*(& us over on this time?
probably be a real good idea to step down..,,,especially now....traitor and a hypocrit - join the Dem party - you will fit right in.
disappointed in you days ago and I felt bad. Today is a different story and you are my HERO againTHANKS FOR YOUR " NO" VOTE.
What a horrible thing 2 say. Do u think u are going to live forever?
No,but when I die I won't have been the problem like these libs
You do not know what the future has in stores  4 uou.
"the Senate should return to regular order, hold hearings and receive  input from senators of both parties..." 1/2
"..., and produce a bill that finally  provides Americans with access to affordable and quality health care..." - John McCain
AND THE MAVERICK COMES THROUGH!!!

THANK YOU!!!!!!!
Maverick my nuts. A phony hero
The operation didn't work john, your brain is still lame
it's going to get vetoed then the truth about who really interfered will come out.Fusion gps has played a big part in this.truth is here
Why would we want to watch a liar we can't believe what you say any longer. You're a known liar
I'm less concerned about how the Russians will screw us over than I am about how the U.S. Senate will, particularly John McCain.
Please retire
#LyingBastard on the senate floor.
These bills are stupid...nothing has been proved.  Really John, get a grip.
please don't

John McCain is a hypocrite.  
Watch you lie and lie some more?  NO THANKS, resign traitor.
@POTUS @Secy_State_US  The congress does not dictate foreign affairs. The bill should be VETOED!  I don't see a treaty McCain do you?
Thank you, @SenJohnMcCain for your unflagging strength, resolve and passion! Our nation needs you!!! Praying for your health and well being.
Your rhetoric and speaking means NOTHING, proof in a tweet below.  You pontificate to cameras for your special interests not Americas.
I understand that you prefer presidents who weren't captured… By Putin
Who cares traitor
It is wonderful to have you back @SenJohnMcCain. We will continue to pray for you and your family.
Democrat Sen McCain. I'm ashamed to even call you a fellow veteran. You don't speak for the people that voted you in.
I don't care about anything you have to  say anymore!!!!!!!"
Well you aren't done with healthcare yet. So why don't you go work on something real? What a waste!!!!!
Change your party already Lefty.
That's all you are is talk! You are a sick man, regire, let this country try to mend, with NONE of your help!
Give them hell, glad to see we have a few Rep. Senators that are standing up against a weak president.
Typical you...in retrospect? You said one thing and did another, ENTIRELY.
Why don't you change your party affiliation to DemocRAT????
You've made the GOP and republicans sick enough for one day. Not interested in anything else you have to say...
How the hell can we evict this total anti american the hell out of our government. Disgrace to America, GOP, our military, our president.
The McCain legacy: go out of your way to make political statements.  Lie to your voters again and again.  Pure politician who did nothing.
Thank uSenator McCain, thank u 4 stopping this health bill. Now please make sure they don't take Social Security away from us or Medicaid
You ready to speak on your role in the #FusionGPS fake dossier?
What ever happened to hiring good diplomats to dela with other countries?
Thank-you John McCain for your vote on Healthcare!
Glad you had your 15min while knowing u HAVE healthcare! How about we trade places with you & see how you vote? #SkinnyRepeal
Then you will screw the American president people and vote the way Democrats told you to. You have real healthcare.
I hope Pres Trump does Not sign it!!
If I had a vote, I would most definitely send Senator John McCain into retirement.
Don't forget the part where the EU responds with sanctions on US

Once again John McCain has stood up and defended our country.
Can you line up enough senators who want to bridge the partisan gap and redesign our healthcare. What's wrong with low prescription medicine
Thank you for saving the republic. If 35 of the top countries of the world have an established healthcare system is copying such a crime....
It took place during Obama admin and he looked the other way and you know it Senator , why not invetigate that ???
RINO Republican In Name Only
Thank you for voting no Senator McCain. I am one of your many Democrat constituents, and we will not forget this.
#repealMcCain
Senator, you will soon agree and the United States will become even region of the Russian Federation and no more!
Thank you John for being a man of  character !!!!
Maverick!!!!!!
You are a democrat!!! Please quit! Which democrat is buying you?!
Thank u for your dedication and service to our country.  I rarely agree with your policies but vote took guts and history will not forget u.
Who cares about sanctions. You now have Medicaid health system,. You can annex with Cali.
You came back I read what you said , I heard you then you turned on thousands of Americans not being able to afford  OBCare you betrayed us
Wish you well. But time for you to go home you've done enough damage to @GOP @SenateGOP !! So sad for you! Voting to continue OCare is Shame
Keep chasing that  smoke screen Like you gladly paraded around with the FAKE DOSSIER
I saw you make history tonight sir! Now it's on to face the new Russian threat. Thank you for your service! @Tatum_Oneal
And please get better !!!!!! 
Please who cares what you say. Just retire already
Good work tonight. You are a good man.
Thank You so much for standing up for what is right and opposing the skinny repeal of Obamacare. You are a man of integrity.
Do us all a favor and stop speaking! You're a LIBERAL
Thank you senator McCain!
Thank you, Senator McCain!
Worry about FALSE russian scandal and desert your country on health care!
Thank YOU from the bottom of my heart for your NO vote on "skinny" you saved lives.
Thank you, sir!! You stood up for America like you always have!!!
I cannot thank you enough for doing the right thing. The courage to stand up for all will be remembered
Awesome John.  Love  u
So glad you spoke. So few ppl are old enough to understand Russians.thank you, we need your clear voice.
Sir,  I thank you for your no vote #TruthandTransparency #thepoormanspresident2020
Thank you for your vote NO!!
No disrespect....allow some fresh ideas whether from the left or right to flourish in your seat and walk away with some dignity and respect
Sir, I ask you let your words be your actions don't vote for this bill!!!!!  Please
@SenJohnMcCain please stay strong lets do this right. Thats get this right not let the Dems off the hook! I pray for you
Lastly we watch you from your seat and listen to your arrogance Im saddened that your service has been service to yourself its time to go
JOHN Mccain you should be remove from the senate because you are working  for George soros to undermine president trump
Seriously I'm not upset that you have done well for yourself I'm upset because you've not done better for everyone else, it's time to go
You've made a handsome profit from taxpayers work and yet you still stand on our throats so your hands are free for HANDOUTS Its time to go!
You now lack the backbone and understanding needed to represent todays American, we're simply tired of career politicians you must leave now
At one time you were most likely valuable to the state of Arizona but at this point you are invaluable to the idea of term limits, please go
You are a hero either way.  Just that you would consider standing firm gives us hope. Please take care of yourself. 
Please do not vote for this health bill! You are a hero! Please do what is right for America!
So you voted NO on "regular order" to send this murderous bill to Committee. Way to follow up with the bullshit speech you gave
You should've voted NO on the bill. Taking away healthcare from millions of Americans is ridiculous. Yet yours is covered by taxpayers
We don't care about Russia!!  Keep your promises to America!!!
Please do not let Trump corrupt our country!
How much was your hospital bill? What was your deductible? How about Scalese? How much was his hospital stay?
Save your breath, just cause you've been there thirty years does not give you any credibility. The country knows your a war monger #reject
Dont pass skinny repeal!! Do the right thing man!!
if you vote yes to the "skinny repeal" you're a  hypocrite  after your speech on the floor the other day
What Frank Rich said. You are now Trump's POW.
#vote no #SkinnyRepeal #bad bill will forevermore be called #Trump's McCareless plan if passed with your help
I want to hear you speak about healthcare, sir. You must stand up and ensure we have decent healthcare and you're not pulling the rug out.
Senator, a chance to cement your legacy of independence.
Please vote no tonight
John--do NOT support Skinny Repeal. @SenJohnMcCain PLEASE JUST SAY NO.
Remember many Americans need access to affordable, quality health care.
And what will be done when Trump vetoes to protect his pal Vladimir?? Must impeach!!!!!
when you die I believe alot of people will be celebrating !!
I don't get ?
I just told ya how to save billions...plus create more health care jobs.. It's already goin down smell the roses, drink the coffee
Get back to the GOP...seems like you are now a democrat.  Support Trump and GOP or resign. At 80 you should be out anyway.
Legalize Hemp, legalize Cocaine and pharm the opioid?  How difficult is it to understand? Simple...yet we have opiod crisis? Huh?
In 2017 we want mankind to wake up, it's time to move into new era?
Now, tell me, one nation under who?  Sillies who have a futile hope of taking over adult discretionary issues?
So you have taken religion out of schools?
America looks bad... Hemp isn't legal in 2017? There is no paid maternity leave? No pub healthcare?
We don't need to superiority we need world equality
Pretty simple, so why and how could our modern day leaders not understand....Gen MacArthur has spoken...
Look, all North Korea wants is a face in the international community and means of growing their economy so as to improve standard of living!
The world is tired, everyone is tired, so give it all a rest
Finest example, how stupid would a man have to be to carry on fued like a hillbilly, arguing about what happened before they where born?
Oppression only makes hardened enemies more determined to  break free of said oppression
Get rid of obama care.or go to a full government run healthcare like Venzualia and Russia have.  Health care will become a joke
You want to be a savior for this country?  Them be it and save millions of people that won't have healthcare. VOTE NO. This is your legacy.
In other words, and the practice of sanctioning in order to build relations around the world..You can attract more beeZ with honey than Vin
Time for john to resign nothing more than a hack for the democrats and a war monger
Sen McCain, listen, it's time for a new era of world peace and unity...I have said it before..give up these acts of playground bullying
#killthebill #NoSkinnyRepeal
Vote no on #skinnybill. there is no reason to continue this, you know it's a load of crap. this is no way to treat Americans. #Shame
Read the comments below, please.
Are you going to tell them to include Trump?
VOTE NO on #skinnybill this is not a return to #RegularOrder
You're a hypocrite if you vote for the skinny version
be the hero we know you are; vote No on skinny health care sham. Bring back regular order. Save our Senate!
You tweet too much, it's all politician talk McCain! Why aren't you trying to raise the SS benefits. You will get a raise and we go without!
Remember the UN Res CrimeaAnnex by Rus? "Adopted" March 28, 2014? Passed 100;Rus using Trump for UN rollback. SEE:  https://www.un.org/press/en/2014/ga11493.doc.htm …
What you say and how you vote are two different things. Remember Waterboarding? Your big speech on voting no on healthcare  then vote yes.
Your family must be so happy that your medical condition can be treated by a healthcare system you get free. Go vote for the skinny plan
One has to assume you are happy with Obamacare
We don't want them president to sign it! Your setting hem up to limit his power! You are a snake John McCain!!!#
I watched. Really? No sense of History here? Once you vote for it they  don't have to keep any promises. You don't like it, vote no!
