Get the Russians out of office McCain and that includes their bestie Tillerson....#whitehousecoverup #Trumprussia
proper brainwashed. Switch your TVbox for a moment and THINK. @SenJohnMcCain
Russian bot huh
There's lots of us. Only we all know the truth. You're all thick
Not enough evil one not enough. You stand with Russia and Putin 
Sandra your standing with isis
Really how so?
Because if Assad is ousted isis will undoubtedly assume control. Just as they did in Iraq. You do know what I.S.I.S. stands for don't you?
Meanwhile, on Planet Earth, Flynn is about to tear down the Presidency.
You are beyond pathetic! Wow...
Republican snowflakes refuse to recognize merits of Koch.
Koch? The capitalist family from Nebraska??
We are all capitalists.  So?
I don't have any ill will toward anyone who makes the best of themselves! That's what makes America great, only one holding you back IS YOU!
And end fed funding for all research, universities, & non-military.
That's not true, if you are referring to cuts made by Trump
You're the one who voted to confirm Tillerson. You're partially responsible for this major foreign policy change.
Major? Lol, Trump is only honest about it, but the US never wanted to remove Assad under Obama.
Who paid you for this tweet? #PayToPlay
Free of charge 
Just exactly what is your solution the Syrian problem? Let the Syrian rebels (Islamists) take over? You've been wrong on everything so far.
Assad isn't slaughteringthem! #ISIS is and you funneled money and weapons to "moderates" who gave them to ISIS you're a disgrace
up really don't think Assad hasn't engaged in the slaughter?
No the accounts cited by McCain and others are from 3rd party sources who aren't in Syria relying on info from rebels, who r ISIS its nonsen
3rd party sources or not, assad has slaughtered his countrymen at an alarming rate.  Evil man
In Aleppo they cheered for the gov troops taking the city, Assad allowed the rebels to vacate the city w/o molestation & w their weapons
while he laid waste to hospitals.
Yes apparently Assad destroyed the same hospital every week.
or just brutally gas them
You are deeply disturbed McCain 
Careful!  It's party over country now sir!
So now your bashing Nikki Haley- our UN Secretary and a WOMAN. Shameful sir
Almost anything is better than what has happened on your watch.
Exactly.
The 'Senator' should be tried for #WarCrimes.
That #NeoCon #GOPe #RINO is a disgusting #Traitor to all #AmericanPatriots
U sponsor war in Syria&Yemen, u meet with "moderate rebels." You are a war monger & McCarthyist! I hope you lose your next election.
you are right to be concerned. I could never have imagined so many ignoring your wisdom and experience. Only fools rush in.
So it is OK for US to interfere in other governments but all he'll breaks lose when one tries to interfere in your country?
Meant hell,  not he'll! ! Sorry
We need to stay out of Syria. Enough already with you and your war mongering.
A war criminal like you has no lessons to give to anybody. Assad is an angel compared to you.
Yea by your so called "moderate rebels" aka Al Qaeda you sir are a war mongering sell out
do u think u can do something here sir? We have to help these people. DO SOMETHING.
Insane Rino John McCain claims world is begging for New World Order and MORE intervention from the U.S & E.U
https://euobserver.com/foreign/137376  #RINO
Only good guys in #Syria are Christians and Kurds. Al Qaeda, Islamic State, Turks Sunnis vs Shia Iranians, Hezbollah, and Syrians. All bad.
We will never deserve a seat @UN as long as we instigate covert war. @CIA
about Syria. US have done a lot of damage by removing regimes which US don't like.Your time has GONE.Mind your own business.
Syrian ppl will decide the future of their contry. It's NOTHING to do with you.Look after your own country and don't worry
Deeply disturbed YOU armed ISIS and have been a driving factor behind untold human suffering in Syria. 

what's disturbing is you are too senile to know which side you're on.
YOUR POLICIES IN SYRIA LIBYA IRAQ FAILED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  TIME FOR U TO GET OUT OF THE WAY.
You're still alive? 
#respect
Millions killed, families displaced all over Europe and USA ..and you still want war, Syrians don't want Assad ? we don't want U, go away
Too bad the Hanoi Hilton didn't keep you. They probably realized you would do more harm to the U.S. than they could ever dream of.
Your sympathy for Al-Qaeda is nauseating. You are a traitor.
You think You R more Qualified instead of People? Just like our Recent Election - You know Best??? Do U want another IRAQ or LIBYA?
The Christians actually have protection indeed Assad. Your "friends" aka ISIS kills them all. #retire #TermLimits
Don't you think it's more important to always get along with Russians in all foreign affairs? That's what Republicans campaigned on
You gave Fucking ISIS the arms.
You just need to either 1) change your R to a D or retire. You are not helpful on anything, and I voted for you.
Let's look at your foundation that kept all donations, and only gave U of AZ half a million $ for something, and kept the rest.
John, you're completely out of touch with reality.
You are the craziest person I know. You are a traitor to all of America.
Disturbed because the war might end. How will you get your income is what you are worried about #loser
Well yes they are being slaughtered by American-financed mercenaries! 
Could you just retire for the sake of humanity! Go home John go home!
STOP supporting ISIS Traitor -
Your president, your party, everybody's problem.
Many of them are being slaughtered by ISIS that you and the Democrats supported.
Shut. Up. 
I'm more disturbed by your actions over the past 8 years. #resign
Time for you to retire!
I'm more deeply disturbed that #ISIS is being blamed on Assad in @NYT. We can thank you, HRC, & Obama for that. Such lies. 
Is O´Bagy still working for you,Senator?;) How about REGIME CHANGE specialist, Mouaz Moustafa?YOU are a mastermind of the Syrian slaughter
Grandpa, please, stop pretending to be a senator and come home.  They have amazing new treatments for your condition. Please!
Tell us about Razan Shalab al-Sham,
the field director of the Syrian Emergency Task Force, who arrenged your illegal trip to Syria! ;)
who's the other country who wanted to keep Assad in power again? It's on the tip of my tongue. Maybe @realDonaldTrump knows.
The US/UK/France, Turkey, Saudi Arabia & Qatar, backed AQ/Salfists/Jihadists under the guise of "Moderate Rebels"
Remember ?  Former US Ambassador @fordrs58 & FSA Colonel, same FSA Colonel calls ISIS his "Brothers" http://youtu.be/piN_MNSis1E 
We're getting into deep trouble.  I'm afraid our president will start a war soon.  And I don't think it'll will be with  russia first. Pray
You and Hillary built this. Now get the hell out of the Senate.


Syrians are being SLAUGHTERED by the very same Al-Qaeda terrorists you have backed for 6 years now. You have no moral high ground Johnny boy https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/847608533306626049 …

Syrians are being SLAUGHTERED by the very same Al-Qaeda terrorists you have backed for 6 years now. You have no moral high ground Johnny boy https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/847608533306626049 …
You've only had 30+ years to fix it and you've done nothing. Shut up and let the new guys take over
I see you have a lot of Democratic supporters. Do the republicans a favor and switch sides.
What do you want warmonger? Another war like Iraq? Remember your WMD /slam dunk BS you and the neocons drummed up?
You're a f***** Neocon. Why don't found a new  party called Islamic Globalists together with your best friend Miss Killary Clinton?
Deeply disturbed you're supporting al-Qaeda.
You have been wrong about everything. Literally EVERYTHING. Liar....
After 9/11, and now Syria, I'm not sure if I'm more upset with your international terrorism or your domestic terrorism.
The whole world is against you - Crazy John... go away
So speaks The Songbird himself! The traitor that threw fellow POWs under the bus in Vietnam then wrote the fantasy lie "Faith of My Fathers"
Go fight alongside your jihadi friends if u care about them so much. If Americans agreed w/ u, they'd have elected HIllary. BUT THEY DIDN'T!
Well maybe you should stop funding all the people slaughtering them.
shut up McCain. Syrians prefer Assad to AlQaeda and other jihadist criminals US backed for years.
Syrian people are deeply disturbed by John arming terrorists.
You're deeply disturbed. Full stop. Quit pretending you actually care abt Syrians more than you love war.
So you kindly offer to decide for them ignoring the 10m people supporting Assad? You're a joke.
Stop supplying the "rebels" with weapons!
Your hands are red with blood for the Al Qaeda rebels you have pushed in Syria. Shame!
Syryjczycy doskonale sobie poradzą bez amerykańskich bandytów.
Doodh ka jala, chhaachh bhi phook phook kar peeta hai
google it .. John! 
its in urdu.
Esattamente
McCain is upset Trump wants to end neo-con perpetual war policy in the Middle East & start focusing on rebuilding American infrastructure.
Deeply disturbed that you are still in office. You're anti American who is bought by George Soros and special interest A traitor to the flag
The "slaughter" was fed by GOP putting up the weakest candidate EVER, against the "shiny object" Obama, in 2008:
John McCain!
RETIRE!!!!!
Yes by your f'ing terrorist proxies. Stop using neo nazis & Islamic terrorists to overthrow sovereign countries!
They are being slaughtered by terrorists that YOU support!
YOU are deeply disturbed and that is a FACT.
Let Syria alone and let Syrians decide what to do in their home country. Pls put your nose out of Syria
I think we should just arm all sides in the conflict. That usually works, right?
Leave Syria alone!!! Let them deal with it the way they want to deal w it.  Assad isUN regonized gov #AmericaFirst maybe dont fund terrorist
Stop Being a globalist and leave other countries alone!!! #AmericaFirst
Thank you for a sensible and humane statement. Don't always agree with you but I appreciate your objection to Tillerson & Haley comments.
You are deliberately slaughtering Syrian people for regime change and resources..man up..have some fkg guts and STOP
I think the world of you, kind sir. Thanks for everything you do for our country. Thank you, dear Senator.
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain still pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria like he did with #Iraq for #ISIS http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ … #GOP
Israel, Saudi... Anything but rational, peaceful, democratic solutions.
You voted to confirm Tillerson. Live with it
i knew McCain!.... just a pro ISIS
when lose ....easy to say shit
Enjoyed watching RuAF bombing your "intimate friends" in Syria #Nusrah 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=h2iw4z57c6Y …
NO ONE voted for you when you ran for president because this is the way you think.Everyone knows your mean & rude If you don't get your way
You need to retire. Take your buddy Lindsay with you
Get the hell out of there and stop arming the rebels. Let Syria deal with Syria
Deeply disturbed by you being pictured with ISIS leaders..
Senator, as a 22 year Army vet disabled, I honor your heroic duty in Vietnam. However, do good for the country and Pres.
Your afraid of truth Syrians support  Assad not yor lies crimes against humanity mirdering civilians using rebels to murder innocents.UR SIC
This almost made me sick. How can you say that and sleep at night.
How can we possibly recognize Assad? Stunning defeat for us and victory for war criminals.
@52fairway John,we need a HEROU could b that personLiteral criminals&traitors r destroying our democracy.DO SOMETHING NOW
You're just upset that we're not going to warn sending a bunch of our men over there to get killed you need to retire
I'm deeply disturbed by your propensity to supporting #SaudiArabia and telling us the "rebels" are "moderate". Repulsive.
agreed. @RandPaul was right about him. We seriously need term limits to get rid of establishment “hold overs” like him. He serves no purpose
Why did @SenJohnMcCain promote Rus. Mob Corrupted Monenegro 4 NATO? IS IT BCAUSE THEY HELP SHIP ARMS TO SYRIA???? R THEY 4 those in PIX?
you are honestly asking me to get into the mind of an insane person? Ask him yourself if you care to know that much.
Are you concerned that Hillary and 6 aides kept State Dept classified access AFTER she left office and while running for pres?
Deeply disturbed by reports that you're thinking of making deal w/ Dems. Please don't jeopardize our ability to confirm future nominees.
if that surprises you.... you haven't been paying attention. McCain is a RINO who did everything possible to derail Trump's campaign.
@SenJohnMcCain get's #Triggered when he can't have another IRAQ in Syria. Stop the regime change, John.
How long is congress coming to let this madness and circus of an administration go on? Right in front of our eyes, trump becoming dictator
I venture to say that there would be much less slaughter if Assad regained control. Opposing him may be prolonging the agony.
Why isn't the result of what the Syrians experience not of their own doing?  We had a "revolution". That was our choice. Leave them alone.
If Russia and Iran didn't support Assad, he would've been removed, and didn't the French help you in your revolution?
Thank you for bringing some logic to these two... can you please find a way to step in as our President PLEASE!!!
.....by terrorists you support.
JOHN, BE DISTURBED ABT THE WAY YOU DO NOT GIVE POTUS A CHANCETO MAGA
Please retire!
Look WMD unleashed. Why is entire world impotent?@DeptofDefense @GermanyinUSA @fhollande @nikkihaley @VP @exxonmobil
Organophosphate used by #Assad regime against civilians in #Hama
#Syria #Orient 
Do we only care about Europeans?@DeptofDefense @GermanyinUSA @fhollande @nikkihaley @VP @exxonmobil @NATO @markrutte
S.O.S. 175 patients with symptoms of exposure to strange chemical agent admitted to hospitals north of #Hama after #Assad jets attack @CNN 
Wait doesn't he know that the state dept works for RUS now?
We are as well sir.
I live in AZ how about some information if we are going to have 1 heath care provider here next year sir.
what are you going to do about it, senator?  you voted to confirm him, now do something about this mess.
absolutely,I&my beauty @margbrennan discussed,strange differ in policy between WH & state department,could hurt US interest,& Trump admin..
you just want our soldiers slaughtered.
Exactly correct, "Assad is not the Solution in Syria":
Hmmm. I believe the Songbird Globalist truly wants to rule the world. No you're not the POTUS.
TrumpTillerson are working for Putin, Senator McCain! It is clear! I don't understand how you all have been in politics for
so long and can't see this. I'm no politic guru, but it is very obvious. Russia is helping Syria.
McCain takes millions to his foundation from Israel & Saudis who want Syria's land & oil, but Russia supports Syria. US gets? @azcentral
I am deeply disturbed the you are called a republican. I am deeply disturbed people voted for you#Veterans for McCain recall.
And wouldn't the voting results be all so predictable? Assad wins with 93% of the vote!
Come Clean: "Latest WikiLeaks release shows how the CIA uses  computer code to hide the origins ...'"
I am a Democrat. However, you are my hero. Navy all the way. Thank you, sir, for the service of our country. Let's get to the bottom of this
yea and the United Nations sits on their asses and does nothing.Assad should be arrested for murder and war crimes.
Glad you finally realize that you're deeply disturbed period. Get help.
I am disturbed you're still in office.
Do you think it's because of @realDonaldTrump's involvement with Russia? @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @marcorubio
Be more deeply disturbed that the change in tone is because of Pres Putin....now DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT or u suffered for nothing
You know, the Syrians and Ukrainians on the ground don't care when you tweet your outrage. You voted for Rex Tillerson. You own this too.
The Syrian people LOVE #Asssad  a fact you seem to leave out
For once I agree, u R disturbed!
Pleaseeee Sen McCain. You can request Trump's Tax Returns.  Today more than ever, we need transparency. No more Alt Facts!
@jeffflake
This is what happens with a rubber stamp- the decisions of this President can be questioned
no matter what Stephen Miller asserts
**I'M** DEEPLY disturbed by the sudden and flagrant flaming of flames you are provoking with Russia and China - You are a disgrace, sir
Well the current strategy is working so well we shouldn't change a thing.
more war is exactly what they want
You and your puppet master Gorge soros can decide for the Syrian people!?!
So you can decide for the Syrians? Who are you to say that?
it is not your job ! Syria is far from America ! Please built four walls all aroud  your country and let us free
No one's fate is decided. Every action has a reaction. It is time to make decisions to protect people who need help. Now. Right NOW!
#Trump's priority appeasing #Putin not removing #Assad
#Obama's priority appeasing #Iran not removing #Assad
F-off, MI6!  You failed!
by you, lucifer
That's Bannon talking, you know it and I know it.
Free Syrians are fully capable of organizing and have demonstrated self rule. but impossible to sustain while constantly being carpet bombed
Bye bye FSA!  Bye bye Al-Nusra!  Bye bye Ahrar Al-shaam!  Send my regards to Erdogan.
old donkey
I've been deeply disturbed for the last four months. What's taken you so long?
syrians r deciding their fate, they dont like u entering their country illegally and meeting alqaeda @sahouraxo @walid970721 @BarbaraMcK42
Under Trump's generals, 200 Mosul civilians blown up in their homes, men, wmn & children. Dropped flyers saying "bombing," go to your homes.
Better to let other countries do their own, we cannot be self appointed world policeman
Basically a bunch of amateurs are running the country...worse actually, amateurs who think they know what they are doing...
Hey thanks for voting in favor of having our internet privacy sold to the highest bidder your career is done. #Internetprivacy
Well said sir
Stop tweeting!
