The US should never b party of any organizations that are anti-Israel EVER.
Technically it follows U.S. law, but also sounds more like a way to renege on $550 million in late payments. Very sad. A bad development.
On Obamacare certainly, you betrayed voters. High premiums don't seem to matter to you; they do matter to voters.
Lame
Support the Palestinian people who are being persecuted. Please
I Call for the Impeachment of the Donald Trump+all Trump's WH GOPs Conspirators (@Cabinet)! The USA is in RUINS since UnClean Hands Trump!
Thank you for your service, honesty and integrity, Senator McCain! 
So, you took money from Hillary to sabotage Trump? Can you say Benedict Arnold?
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
Where is the condemnation of GOP President for his actions on Healthcare today? You cannot sit silent!
His actions corrected an illegal money transfer by going around congress. Obama was a slippery fellow.
Israel screams about the holocaust but made a ghetto for Palestinians. Israel has nuclear power. Why support their rape of Palestine?
Mr McCain: Trump  is worried about Iran’s nuclear weapons, but yet threatens N Korea almost daily. What am I missing?
A brain
UNESCO only deepens rifts between Israel and PLO. Stay only to be there to remind them they are wrong but i oppose any funding. Anti-Semetic
It’s past time for Congress to act.  The Republican Party may be dooming itself to becoming the Trump Party.  Roy Moore is scary & crazy!
John Agree always well thought out, Keeping in prayers in SC
We shouldn't God said I will curse those who curse you bless those who bless you God bless Israel
Just a thought Fake War Hero I dont think America should of been financing ISIS like you do and did ! @realDonaldTrump 2020 gonna Win Huge
JOHN MC CAIN Like Carl Hayden and Barry Goldwater refused to be kicked around By Ego Tripping Political Types  VETERAN BROTHER We LOVE JOHN
Trouble makers huh?
Mcain vote no on gop budget u said regular order and vets are getting cut on tax reform please vote no please vote no on tax reform ok.
Only Republicans can stop #traitortrump 
Please choose your country over party. Be our hero once again sir
Trump is a patriot... McCain is the traitor.
Nor should we subsidize Israel. Just like America they should take care of themselves. #getofftheamericanteat
No problem. Stop funding our neighbors who want to kill us and we'll call it a day. (BTW,  military aid to Israel is spent entirely in US.)
If Israel stops the aggression against Palestinians UNESCO wouldnt be an issue. We support Israel to keep a point of control in ME for oil.
Who is this  John McCain?  Traitor!
Pssst! ever read Dilyana Gaytandzheiva?... Mr. fake "brain cancer'..... Bulgarian Chemical Weapons sold to Terrorists= our enemies
https://twitter.com/JulianAssange/status/919247873648283653 … #eatshitgrampy
My deepest thanks to the US government, Senator McCain and Senator Lieberman for pushing Visa, MasterCard, Payal, AmEx, Mooneybookers, et al, into erecting an illegal banking blockade against …
The Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: 27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President Hardcover – Amazon
And he spends his time with this B.S. #FAKEREPUBLICAN
No we should! #ProIsrael
.@SenJohnMcCain if you torpedo the tax plan,  you may get Schumer approval but will prove again you're an anti American, RINO. Vote yes
@VP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump i saw news at least 3-4 hours. SKorean deceive you- i saw 4-10 min news, i interested the news n person.
Gifted to China.
No,.no..no
What are we going to do about trump ? He’s crazy.
The world is aware of Israel illegal actions and occupation except you. The UNESCO sees what you turn a blind eye to. Put USA interest 1st.
Mr. McCain please know I admire and respect you, you are a hero in my lifetime. I will always stand in your shadow
UNESCO does amazing work...wrong!

#TraitorMcCain #songbird

It's been 10 days since 4 soldiers were ambushed in Niger. Not 1 word from WH. It was never about patriotism. Or the flag. #SaturdayMorning 
When are the Russian sanctions going to be imposed ? Hope your doing well
John McCain needs to be committed into the funny farm. Purgatory awaits you.
You're right about UNESCO. See what happens when you tell the truth?
John, you need to back Trumps tax plan or take a hike. So far you appear to be part of the Resistance and not serving your constituents! SMH
He will never support Trump, no matter how much it hurts the country. Trump hurt his feelings.
McCain is a Fake Republican, he is against tax reform.
Nice on the international front nice on Israel but not nice on HC
John what are you doing on Health Care?Looking at 6k deductible from Obama’s Health Care now.
With all due respect you sir are a rino and a traitor
It's true.
#IrinaBokova, is a Bulgarian with a Communist past who ran for U.N. Secretary-General with the backing of #VladimirPutin.
#UNESCO
When will we stop kissing Bibi's ass? He is using the US and does Not want peace. He wants US to fight his war.
Always been a political football rather than what the organization was founded to do!
We should stop sending money to an apartheid state, who has not regard of other human beings.

Senator, u & the Dems need to aggressively oppose this latest move by crazy Trump to destroy the affordable act! TY 
Must-read McCain Lies.
@csieman2 Trump Israel & Saudis hate Obama & Iran the three musketeers now readying for 3rd world war
John you’re a #fakerepublican

Must-read.  “Obama did that years ago and now the U.S. shouldn’t finance the terrorist Israeli regime.”
The senator’s recent behavior suggests he  should not be a credible source. Would rather he do his job than to give opinions on this.
So why not work to fix the problem? What happened to the US leading the way?
If GOP won't protect AZ residents then its time to dump the GOP in AZ #dumpthegop
We also should not support an apartheid country
.Did McCain just tweet something that makes sense?!?
We must support Israel whether we agree with their policies or not. They are our forward base in the middle east.

DOPE  YOU CERTAINLY QUALIFY



Resign you FAKE!!
So, what happens when China takes the keys to this gigantic organization? #nojoke
According to the article Russia has always held the keys.
When are new Russian sanctions going to be enforced?
Back to the 60s. Turn on tune in drop out. Wasn’t good than won’t be good now.
Come on John you can’t support...this didn’t go through “regular” order
We haven’t funded them since 2012. Go figure huh? Of course if your not involved you can’t help make a change. Common sense right?
how many palestinians are dead ? how many more colonies ?
OMG, out of UNESCO ??
So your must read said Trump did it wrong but he was still right? Sounds like the contrarian octarian. RETIRE Brutus
I think we need to make sure Israel wants to create peace in the region as well.  They seem to be against any policy that would bring peace
So israel is supreme than international organisations?
Why do you say that after the POTUS takes action? Where is your Support before he takes action?
You are wrong
are u senator of arizona or isisrael dear goyyim john
Trump doesn't make deals, he breaks deals. #TheGreatDestroyer
Actually John, what Isreali policies concern what you call the anti-Israel UN lobby?Any legitimate abuses that have the world upset?
Je ne comprends pas!
The US needs to quit providing aid to Israel.  If we can’t assure HC for children here....
John, you are greatly mistaken about Israel. Read Jimmy Carter's book "Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid ".
Seems like we have a whole party of @GOP who completely ignore their constituents and do exactly what they like
Israel has costs us trillions in money... Refusing to deal with Palestinians after stealing their lands after FDR promised to abide by UN
Could you share why Israel is in UNESCO if it is so anti-Israel?
You're still on that?
Go away John
Israel is part of UNESCO.
They are pulling out!
Trump has to teach you Senate Cowards how to be Americans again.....
You could benefit from UNESCO
He drives me nuts a lot these days but when he's right he's very right
Maybe that's his technique...
Did you read Art of the Deal?
Its all in there
