this is a prisoner of war http://ppl.You  should treat him as such.have some respect.  he could of been killed
and if he wasn't here now, the last 40 years or so would have been grim. Very grim ppl.Very different
You mean Moonlight?
Move to Hollywood with The Haters of our @POTUS
Yeah, this is the price you should get from voters, winner of LaLaLand, john mccain
Obama Jr! Sucking up to celebrities! What they done for our vets? Nothing like you!
while you're here- we expect you to SUPPORT  Planned Parenthood. Thank you.  You're better.
Seriously?
So, that means you will vote for NEA funding, right?
YO! JOHN! HOW DID THE RUSSIANS CHANGE THE CARDS SO "LA LA LAND" WAS FIRST ANNOUNCED BUT THEN LOST?
Only Marxist Leftist Socialists listen to the Oscars these days.  Showed your hand, didn't you!?
Senator McCain cant even get a Hollywood popularity contest winner right, what a waste of my tax dollars.
We're the Russians involved in the #Oscars ending? We need an investigation!
#maga for Arizona sir
fund the NEA

and now get to work...support our President.
I agree. Stop stabbing @POTUS in the back and support him. He is YOUR PRESIDENT, Show some respect.
got it wrong again. Looking on your timeline for a congrats 2 President Trump on a great speech! Nothin
nobody cares, they are liberals, oh, but you are a RINO.
Gee pay much attention?!
except they didn't win
Lmao no offense but if that's true then help me get the film industry back here! AZ used to contribute, time again!
Oopsie! Price Waterhouse messed up the envelopes sir, Moonlight actually won Best Picture.
Stop watching the oscars & investigate Trump's ties to Russia & release his tax returns. Stop fascism.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
Congress has lost credibility. You cannot be trusted. Nunes is crooked!
Hopefully this helps you realize the importance of the arts & motivates you to protect NEA spending.
it would be nice if you get on board
please support the call for independent committee investigation into Trumps illegal ties to Russia. America needs your help!
Big Deal! Why don't u give an accolade like that to the POTUS. Or focus on health, taxes, etc.
but we are not proud of you John McCain!
NOT!!!
John?....John, snap out of it! There's gotta be something else you could be doing! LIKE HELP TRUMP!
yes the arts sure are a great thing you should fight the budget cuts to the NEA
poor liberals...duped by the Russians, again 
shouldnt you be standing up for democracy?
How about finding out about Russian connections in the White House? WE WANT TO KNOW!
Well how was you latest trip ?
Got your next target lined up ?
if you truly love an appreciate the arts, don't let Trump slash the National Endowment for the Arts.
honor her and other artists by saving the National Endowment of the Arts.
Go do some work McCain!
Congrats to Sen McCain, whose feature film "Bootlegging Arms to Nut Jobs" won him critical acclaim across the Middle East.
How about Trump saying American soldiers don't know how to win? Proud of that? I'm ashamed of him.
Same here! Now lets get started on russia 2find truth &precisely elimin8 any threat 2 US @DevinNunes
John who?
:you retired now!!
RETIRE
and you got your start in Hanoi...#traitor
#termlimits
Doubt she'd be a big fan of someone who accepted a bribe to vote for DeVos, who will ruin kids lives
You do know the movie sucked, right?
can you please focus on important stuff ? I mean- you know RUSSIA?? Healthcare?? or have you become a puppet too

Lovely! Emma deserves the Oscar. You will too when you insist on Special Prosecutor for #russiagate
Russiagate?! ROFL #libtard
Ok. Oscars are over Senator.  Now focus on getting this TRAITOR out of the White House.  NOW!!
There was a mistake.  Wrong winner announced.  Seems oddly familiar.
Investigate This Now! #TrumpRussia #Treason
I really don't care what you think, Mr. McCain.
Oh come on! You didn't even watch the Oscars. Moonlight won . . not La La Land. #Oscars
Obv you didn't either, Emma won best actress
And don't forget La La Land for Best Picture
C'mon? Sports and movies are cool, but your job is to protect us from foreign intervention in WH!
La La Land didn't win.  Moonlight won.
this isn't about Best Picture
See what happens when people support the arts?

Now take note and step up to  @POTUS
