To bad you won't say the same about what they are doing to Sheriff Joe .... just retire, everyone knows what your about.
And your answer to get him free is what? Talk is oh so cheap.
You should have gone to prison instead of pardoned as well.
Him and over 600 more
CNN. Fake News
What about all the people in his country imprisoned by war on women, poverty, and no healthcare? Prioritize your time n efforts!
This regime has little time left.
False concern is obvious! Platitudes to Hispanic people's mean nothing.
Sen. McCain this rebellion should have started in 2002 when Chavez started & US could/ should have helped. Hondurans fought at the beg.
What about the Jones act keeping PR under house arrest? Let us free. That should have never been.
We will trade you for him...we agree...finally!
How about worrying about your job here? How about supporting your president? How about that healthcare repeal? #TraitorToTheParty.
All that is a team work he's doing more than u and me Everyone should do their job.
There are so many things that never had to happen. Vla is becoming a new Cuba and you sir could help us recover democracy.
Amen!
The Trump Administration is trying to undo all of the programs hard fought and won  over the last 50 years.
Yes he is and I love it
Oh sorry, you're one of those cult members.
Actually there's alot of us constitutionalists around
Well now that McCain is asking....
Right! So what are you going to do about it. You're all talk; no action. That's why Congress has a 10% approval rating.
"first place. Madura..." (You're missing a period). #spellified #punctuation
You must be imprisioned, trending millions in weapons to Ukraine and Sirian Daesh
Why don't you stop wasting time commenting on this BS and start doing what you promised the voters? Repeal & Replace Obamacare!
McCain are ready to start another war? We all know you never saw a potential war that you did not want to commit American soldiers in.
Don't pretend to care and be nice you're a HACK!!!!

Your word on who to trust is kind of suspect!
Retire....!!!!!
Thanks Mr McCain
Leonard Pelliter has been imprisoned for over 40 years and it was never proven that he killed the agents. You need to help him !
Thank you for speaking up for these injustices you see..
Stay healthy we need you!!So does your family
Worry about America and stop screwing us with your ignorant votes
I VOTED FOR YOU. WHAT A FOOL I WAS.
Who is responsible tweeting in this account t
Deal with American issues like what you promised, Repealing Obamacare.
Hmmm...YOU should NEVER Have been in the SENATE-TRAITOR..but..you are!
Please give Lopez nuclear bomb so he can nuke South America
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
Empty Gwantanimo ye prick
Would be nice if you were as conceened with the citizens of the U.S. Sadly you are not.
Interfering in foreign countries internal political matters ????
If you could die from brain cancer before the end of the August recess so you could be replaced with a Republican, That'd be great.
mind your business senator, and advise democracy to your gangs of saudis , ukraine nazis  and so many ))
Are you wondering off point?
Who would believe anything JohnMcShame would say???

traitor mccain talking?
Thank you.
Mr McCain why is a lacking leadership in  the Senate to kick this thug out of Venezuela. It's time to bring Mr Oliver North to the table.
Now let's bet back to trashing #POTUS and more #RussianCollusion 

Ты больше доверяй CNN - народ над тобой больше смеяться будет
I agree.  Let's immediately bootleg arms into the country for the freedom fighters?  We need a def contractor tho, perhaps you know some?
Пердун старый, тебе на пенсию пора.
Would you, or our Government actually be satisfied w/Lopez were he to take control?  He is related to Simon Bolivar.  And US didn't like him
Our ideas are dangerous, if you disagree even with clear arguments you're lost. Dont let this continue, it'll affect the US directly.
Venezuela.  North Korea.  Russia.  Phillippines.  

Did the world completely ignore human rights when US used to behave as an example?
Or did the threat of being humiliated on a global stage serve as disincentive to abuse your own people?  For decades?  Before this disaster?
yes! Free Leopoldo!
RETIRE!
It's true but please pay attention to you job first in senate
Just go away Traitor !!!!
Very Fake News !
may u find happiness......Flake !
Very well then........and may u stop melting
