why have you not broken off from Trump's agenda? How much does he need to insult you and our military before you wake up?
You don't understand how a country works. Too spoiled and entitled.
You have no idea what a dictator is like. You're just spoiled. Trump is protecting you and you're complaining.
right out of the how to create a fascist dictatorship playbook. Please, go educate yourself on 1930s Germany. Thx
if you were treated like the rest you couldn't have stood it. You would have jumped to get out of there...lol
You have been in office the entirety of the conflict. Trump just got there. He will square it away. It's obvious you can't!
You aren't a hero. The way you disrespect our commander and chief shows how pampered you really are.
I'm a Desert Storm Vet. My grandfather a WWII Battle of the Bulge Infantryman Vet. My Dad a Vietnam Vet.
Why are you a democrat?
16 years of war based on lies ending with the mess we all see and still discussing on further engagement?!!
We Must Stop Meddling on other Countries. YOU are 1 to blame by wars on innocent people. MURDERER!
We have been in Afghanistan for FOREVER. We need to bring our troops home. End these wars.
how?
it's shameful for you all to sit by and watch our country destroyed. Is it for more power and money. SHAME. We won't forget
All the people in your comments are liberals... That should tell you everything you need to know about your behavior.
Why Don't you go and personally get the intel needed to accomplish this. I hear you were very good at communications songbird
you need to pay attention to the VA and get that running correctly
I'm from the hills of Tennessee. I'm tired of your act. Daddy and grandpa were Admirals. You were treated special as a POW
It's time you move on to the pasture. You have milked the POW bit long enough.
International War Criminal!
You started this life a spoiled pampered person. Been a career politician. A hard days work and cold glass of h2o would kill.
I hope trump doesn't enact the draft for his personal war
how is this Trumps war? He's stuck with the Obamas negligence. Wake up!
War Maniac, STOP INVADING OTHER COUNTRIES! Murderer! Mentally unhinged! Your crazy interventions destroyed the EU!
what heppened to you? When did you stop careing about America?
When are you on the Right going to stop defending Trump, and stand up and do something about him.  You're a hero, he's unfit.
You laying on that sofa looks to be the only one unfit. Trumps trying to fix all the mess Obama and the left left him
interesting twitter recommends Obama and Ryan from your page, I bet they are blocking Soros' though right traitor????
war monger need to be removed from any and all government offices and lose all clearances.. Traitor to the people.
how about admitting the election was stolen and give us a president and cabinet  that knows what their doing.
agree with your statement re:Afghan stalemate.IMHO Pakistani perfidy is as much a contributing factor to region's instability
there are many veterans in this country that did and seen more but didn't have the silver spoon in their butts....
why do you want to hurt our country?
why do you take money from Soros?(?
Ya should go in and win or get out period and stop spending billions of dollars there.
toll
then get out if your worried about casualties which we should be
why should inget out I served 9 years in the armed forces I paid my dues!
You really sold out our country.  Only way to redeem yourself is to resign. Your services are no longer needed.
You've been seating on your hands for years, all talk no action.
@realDonaldTrump @seanspicer Your mission over Vietnam was a failure. You bailed out of a plane that crashed. Cost of plane?
only difference in my family and yours is we started this life having to work for everything we got
cuck..fucking retire.. #PresidentTrump has this.. #MAGA
Know your role.  John McCain is a war hero.  Pay some respect.
McCain was a pow yes, tortured etc. A veteran deserving respect. Now he's a paid for sen. Corrupt
All politicians get a little dirt on them.  Your fascist leader is Pigpen.
@morgfair how will that effect the cost of oxicotin on the street?
sure you acting like president warmonger again
maybe you could show them how to "turn the tide", you seem to have ALL the answers
we must send you out to pasture, you delirious old fool!
I really wish you won the Presidency.
I trust you considered the word "quagmire" before you said this. A Vietnam vet.
Yes we must....stand back as usual and let the POTUS do it.  You had your chance and blew it.
POW part of Mcclain's history was awful and we owe him out appreciation but we do not owe him the ability to damage USA
John Mccain is just like the lead a clown Sen Schumer.  No integrity and believe they are royalty and not representatives
Voters in Arizona need to wake up and elect a Sen who will work for America not Soros and Special Interest.
John Mccain could easily be one of the most corrupt elected officials in Rep party of all time putting Nixon to shame
This is about the military industrial complex and Mcclain's commitment to feed them as much as possible and not freedom
Sen McCain is out to promote one person and that is himself.  He despises Trump even though he wanted his endorsement
I agree
if you can do your job and let the generals do theirs without calling people to circumvent our president we can get it done.
Where the hell were you for the last 8 Obamanation years!? Soros told you to speak up or you won't get paid right?
Why?  How much more blood and treasure should be spent on this tribal wasteland? It will never embrace democracy.
Where was all this concern under Obama who actually created this #Afghanistan stalemate? You totally ignored it.
by sending 200k troops on the ground?
Just have the guts and come out and say it: Obama lost the war we spend blood & treasure on!!!!
Centuries of guerela warfare have shown that eliminating "sanctuaries" is a necessary condition for winning such a war. (@SenJohnMcCain )
Pakistan is the biggest sanctuary
What's the big deal?  You once said that the US may have to stay in Gaffe-anistan for 100 years.
Senator, as a fellow Viet Nam vet..we don't want that repeated, do we??
pull out all the stops and drop the world on their head
As a highly respected veteran of the Vietnam war clearly you might see that after 15 years there is no winning?
I heard you saying our troops mission was a failure I was saddened for troops & shocked you wld bash them like that SHAME
Agree, we had a better chance before we chased that squirrel known as Iraq.
Please find some dignity. You were in the military so I know you have the will to do it. Stop letting another man walk on you
bring our troops home, this is madness, repeated deployments must stop..If you want to continue, bring back the draft
Honorable Senator, no one has succeeded in Afghanistan in history beginning with Alexander The Great. Eng., Fr. &USSR failed.
please stand up to bully trump. Our country need a brave man like u. Stop being so afraid of a twittering fool. U know A NAZI
First could you concentrate on turning the tide with this disgraceful "president" #WhatADisgrace
I so wish you and the president could work together for the good of our country. What a team that would be.
I'm a lifetime Democrat. But I am heartened by you and Lindsey Graham.
you need to support Trump! Reminder we put you in office #epicfailure
Still waiting for the pronouns to stop.  Define what is to be "WON". Obama is gone.  Eyes should be on windshield- not mirror
no need for your remarks against POTUS stop making mainstream media happy with your anti WH remarks
you need to vote no on Gorsuch!
Yeah, but the way Mr. Trump has trash-talked NATO, we're going to have a hell of time getting much help from certain allies.
McCain talked to much and alot of confusion
hey RHINO your colors are showing. You have lost our respect,sit down,retire already!
thanks to the two warmongers bush and obama with ur help we r in this mess. Thank God for Trump
where are our patriots in Congress? And why are they not standing up to the entrapment of Trump? #trumpPuppets
Sir,there is no military solution to that conflict.U should strive to bring the Taliban to the table.
I think you like putting our troops in harms way Songbird. You and Schumer should get a room.
War mongering Soros puppet. 

#BoughtAndPaidFor 
#Turncoat 
#RINO
#NationalPizzaDay 
#MuslimBan 
#SorosIsUSAEnemy 

There's only ONE CHOICE:
#UsaFreeAgain OR #Soros
get the man out of there that's actually trying to start the apocalypse pls #PresidentBannon Afghanistan isn't gonna matter
is a true hero and honorable man.  @POTUS - stop attacking him- you hurt only yourself.
I voted for you in 2008.  I voted for Hillary in 2016.  Stand strong.  You are my hero!
where were you for the last 8 yr Senator? Playing video poker?
Even if you turn the tide, it will always be temporary just as each success was in RVN.  USA cannot defeat terror in Afghan.
made enough Soros money yet traitor???
@POTUS Why don't you and Lindseed parachute in old man. Do your WW3 strutting up in the mountains with the 'ban...
Trump is going to unleash the dogs of war. YOU MUST STOP HIM! Enough! Trump is insane. You must know this simple fact.
I'm concerned about our military men having to look the other way while Afghan men rape children.
does it not concern you at all that you have lowered the morale of the military by what you have said?
It will NOT be TURNED until THE OBAMA RULES of ENGAGEMENT are REVERSED OBAMA'S POLICY of Fighting to hold NOT to WIN! WRONG!
you need to stand with President Trump and we need to put these neoliberal Nazis in their place
Nothing has been done in 8 yrs and under your guidance nothing will be. Stop playing politics & do what you were hired to do.
Neocon
if you want to be a Democrat then change your party & stop pretending to be a conservative. Sick of your non-actions. Resign.
despite giant spendathon, Phoenix VA prbms persist. And that is in your backyard, Senator. MIA http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/arizona-investigations/2017/01/10/office-of-special-counsel-warns-obama-congress-phoenix-va-woes-continue/96366462/ …
. To turn the tide we must win, a concept you do not understand
after 10 years this country is no better. Withdraw
Solve the problem we have in WH first. You know he's incompetent. Stop enabling #illegitimate @POTUS before he destroys us.

Why do you let this piece of cheap trash that said screwing women was his own personal Nam and dodged the draft insult you?
can you get me in contact whit george soros? i need money asap
why would u as a Vietnam vet would u call any mission even if there was a loss of life & a  a failure when a navy seal
knows what they are signing up for the mission was complete they got intel although 1 gave his life for US. His family &
friends deserve an apology from u for treating their loss as a failure instead of a heroic mission where a life was lost
"He's been losing so long he doesn't know how to win anymore" - why are you supporting this man's woeful Cabinet picks?
is not what you said equivocal to not being a war hero and doing exactly what you found offensive to this situation. Come on!
@USb4russia The Nominees concerned us All too.  Why weren't you there for the Majority of Americans??  WHY???????
Glad to see you are standing up to the man who shows you no respect at all given what you've done for the country. Oh wait...
If you go away and shut up we will, It seems you need the POW gig to get noticed. I was in Vietnam also, dying of cancer. R U
mccain your just a leftist in disguise why not leave the gop and follow your heart and join the dnc you know you belong there
you represent the SANE Republicans . Don't let the manhattan con artist walk all over you and your legacy. Stand up for 
turn the tide in your own house!
#beBetter
While I don't always agree w/ you Mr McCain, I have the upmost respect for you, & the highest level of gratitude. DT=idiot
than you can imagine. stop using the POW gig to get noticed in the media. U R only showing how ignorant U are & self centered
Shame! My husb is a Nam Vet. My dad in WWII, Gramps in WWI. To say Yemen a failure to family of Soldier that died, heartless
come on man chose your words . That's what about trump.
You need to go back to Arizona and crawl back into your hole, shut up, and fade away. I was in Vietnam also,saw more evil
You slipped through this time, but you'll never be voted in again. You are out of the Soros closet. #traitor #Soros$$$$
What concerns me is chair of AS tells Americas most elite fighting force in public they are failures. Act like leader jerk
Explain why U took money from Soros to fight President Trump?People should check out ur antiVeteran antiAmerican behavior
McCain is a jealous loser because trump did what McCain wasn't smart enough to do he became president
LOOKS LIKE MCCAIN MORONIC TWIN LINDSAY GRAHAM HAS FINALLY SHUT UP. NOW IT'S MCCAIN TURN TO SHUT UP AND SSIT DOWN
You're a TRAITOR to USA-have been all your life. You're told by Obama to shut up and you gladly did. Now we tell you-SHUT UP!
How are you feeling about your president taking you down on twitter today? Are you going to speak out against him...ever?
STOP trashing President Trump.
I feel the need to say you did not win in November the country did!  Respect the voters
how dare you say that about our dead navy seal f---you
you need to be part of the solution not the problem
why don't u tell people why the Cong gave u nickname " the prince". Ur pathetic and a canary. U claim to ba a hero. Coward
your just feeling butt hurt because of that law trump passed about term limits this is your last term thank god for that
You need to respect your service by respecting those serving now and giving all for this great county
u don't have the right to judge whether or not a mission is successful, you r hurting our military men, encouraging the enemy
you should resign we know your really a democrat, remember the people did not pick you John you lost. Wish Az wakes up
I like the way you turn the tide in Egypt? Dragging the Muslim Brotherhood back in to power? You sir are a fools fool.
You need to stand down and stop your trying to overthrow the President of U.S.A. ! He won deal with it! You want kaos. End it
. You are a has been. Barely won your seat. Get behind the president or get out.
yea get a gun and go getem
do you ever come up with a " positive" message? Ever?
2018 is looking really good for Dems thanks to your apathy. Thanks for the help. #Democrat
mc Cain it's me
what I find the most telling is that you have all these dems asking you for favors..why? It's obvious even to them UR not GOP
starting***
Should have stood strong over the last 8 years. Wouldn't have the problem today. 894/896
Please, do not undermine Trump's new policies AGAIN. Give him time to get it moving.
Should Retire...Becoming Irrelevent!
investigate Trump/Russia while you're at it
#devos #shame. $50,000
Sir, I am a hard left liberal & don't always agree, but NEVER doubt your service & patriotism, Keep Standing Tall against DJT
Senator McCain (democrat)Stop obstructing!
Please help us with this outrageous and disrespectful President
