The larger question is: are we now actually at the end of the age of manned combat aircraft?
a much more productive and professional way to challenge the cost of programs
DoD 5000.1 is a good process if it is properly executed in the beginning. Trying to fix in LRIP will always fail...fix before
Sounds as if Sec Mattis will be the one adult on the cabinet. I thought maybe Tillerson, but not after what he did at State.
you give NO mention that Trump did weeks ago-why not-I voted for you for prez. I am now questioning IT
you MUST STAND W/POTUS
because @POTUS had nothing to do with this? You are laughable, omg, your @realDonaldTrump hate is on your sleeve
WE ARE NOT GLAD FOR ANYTHING THIS PRESIDENT HAS THROWN UPON US. SO GLAD YOU CAN FIND SOMETHING TO BE GLAD ABOUT.
Error in article. SW dev for @thef35 is not and never will end as long as it flies.
Was trump....
who really cares what you think. You had a chance. And you blew it with flying colors. Sarah Palin saved yer dignity. Not!
we still need the VTOL version of this otherwise our carriers will be useless
Businessman (not politician) Trump asked for review to cut costs, where were you & your buddies when expensive Program was sign for?
Last Several years ?
please do something
John McCain Make Believe Maverick by The Rolling Stone. A must read for every Texan. Vote McCain OUT!
It's nice to have a @POTUS who cares about how the citizens' money is spent!
Unlike last idiot in the WH who asked 4 advice then ignored it & had his Intel officials rewriting reports 2 match his rhetoric ISIS JV TEAM
Where have you been? Already started by the one(potus) that you seem determined to stab in the back.
if you recall it was trump who fired the first shot with comments about liking soldiers who don't get captured!
The irony is, McCain is probably the only one to have actually been pissed on, being a POW and all.
he's also the only one between him and trump who actually had the balls to serve his country.
Well then let's anoint him king.  There are plenty of horrible leaders who served with distinction.
Trump is the one who initially pointed this out while still the Prez-elect.
something u never could or can do
I'm glad we have Mattis. After the way Tillerson treated career professionals at State, I say vote no on him.
You can fool a great many people but not all. @POTUS set this in motion and you know it.
Now you speak up! Where were you when this disaster was negotiated?
Russia wants it cancelled because it is better than anything they have
@PinalGOP why the he'll didn't you do that a long time ago.
Where have you been all these years?
Trump did that" Along with Tanks,Ships,Subs, and so on. You never did your job on expense to the tax payers. OMG" The Truth.
please follow Press Trump's lead - he's trying so hard to do the right thing - stop bucking him!
.@SenJohnMcCain tell the real story. Lockheed & Boeing are good American companies. Trump (keystone oil) wants to give it to foreigners
in case you forgot. Canada awarded keystone pipe instead of us company under trump -Keystone pipeline:TransCanada’s
You barely won John. Get on the train of change in America or be run over by it #PresidentTrump #draintheswamp
how many years have we been over paying without oversight? #TermLimitCongress
please stick to your convictions. We need you.
You did nothing for 8 yrs. SHUT YOUR STUPID MOUTH! OBAMA enabler!
really John, whose idea was that. And who pushed it against all criticism! Thank you president Trump. Grab hthose coattails!!
you don't even have the balls with your high morals to even admit that this was due to Trump's insistence in reductions SAD
Vote No on Tillerson, Russian/Exxon puppet. The world is watching. Do the right thing.
omg. You are a rhino. Prez did that at beginning. General following it up
Order more of 'em! Just in case things get out of hand with China! I don't like Trump, but he is right to worry about them!
We have a traitor as POTUS Senator stop hoping it will go away.
He will do a great job for us.
: u McCain stop costing us $$ too. Strange guy
F-35 has been in under microscope.  Nothing new.  Sure  would like to see F-35 cut.  Priorities!
Actually it was Trump who called in the CEO after his win.Vive credit where's it due,what have U ever done in the srnagy.
Love my Maverick & Mad Dog
speaking of expensive, how do we resist a $13 billion wildlife disaster?
Это судебное дело с полным фактом по делу.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=225470837894560&set=a.115621568879488.1073741828.100012949360728&type=3 …
Riding coattails? Should have been questioning the cost years ago. ? Wasn't Trump talking about this weeks ago?
Bravo - that is pro USA and pro republican. Please get behind @realDonaldTrump . Love it ! Go JM
GET THAT SENILE PEE-PAW OUT OF THE OVAL OFFICE!! He is a DISGRACE! And those curtains are TACKY!!
you would still be shot down in the F-35
John Great News we have a strong CIC who is conscious of tax payers money. He started it as president elect.....
#DrainTheSwamp #HRC @LindseyGrahamSC Why haven't long time politicians done this to save millions of tax dollars? Bribes?
need to make sure it doesn't toast135 if it lands on Enterprise
FINALLY, someone who cares. Congress does not give a hoot.
Don't you have some piss stories to peddle?
Yes! Understanding Sen. John McCain
Didn't Trump start process McCain.
Remember the idea came from @realDonaldTrump @POTUS !!!
Please review the $15Billion wall. It will make us worse off http://www.bushcenter.org/catalyst/north-american-century/benefits-of-immigration-outweigh-costs.html … #NoWallNoBan
We don't have a problem with immigration.  Illegal border incursions by undocumented aliens though..
...wish had thought of it?? Guess the evil empire consumes your thoughts!! Think about ISIS from now on.. @realDonaldTrump
YOUR Congress hasn't done much in years AND TRUMP is showing WHAT can be done, quickly.
none of this is normal. please don't lose your head.
si es una piedra en el zapato
#ImpeachTrump NOW! Emoluments & Nepotism violations. #Treasonous collusion with Russia. #illegimate

For a little more fun, they should throw Rafale and Gripen in as international benchmarks. Not for the US to buy, obviously.
where have u been?Why haven't u or anyone else done this before now? Stop being a hypocrite John.U could've done this yrs ago
how's it feel to take orders from a #narcissist #pathological #liar #draftdodger who doesn't give a shit about #veterans
I think President TRUMP has already. Boy your so smart?
Wake up McCain... you've been under your tree too long!
Your party's president approves of #Torture while standing with @theresa_may? STAND UP SENATOR! SPEAK UP SENATOR!
He's working feverishly to concoct a new story.  This time it will be a scat fantasy instead of piss.
If you read the article, you would thank President Trump for setting the culture of saving money.
The question we should be asking is it an effective fighter craft ?
You are about 10 days late #POTUS  is already working this! Way we need #TERMLIMTES
F-35 is a great machine but incredibly costly at $94 million+ where the F16 topped at $24 million.
The price will go down and don't forget to adjust for inflation.

Where are you?I thought you were heading up the Russian investigation. Have a spine Dude. Speak out for America. Not this BS.
One that you have championed for years.
When are you going to get to work on amendment 25? You know good and well our POTUS is out of his mind
time to give Trump some credit maybe IMO
We're distracted so we don't see the war game Trump plays w/ Russia & China to become dictator. Putin's plan to end democracy. #saveFreedom
#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
.@SenJohnMcCain most of the horses already left barn. Where were you ten years ago?

