Thanks for update.  ISIS is evil dark force can't be reasoned with.  Good people in world who take care of this darkness. God bless goodness
Flashback when McCain killed 133 navy sailors on USSForrestal deck, then ran like a coward.
If we ever DO get rid of them, they should all go to NATO's Easternmost members...
Why? A slow flying jet would be knocked out in an instant.
Choking the Fulda Gap with burned-out Soviet tanks more or less the scenario they were designed for, so I might be missing your point.
Modern SAMs is what I was thinking.
But again, I think the invading tanks would come before the SAMs.
The SAMs would come with the tanks.
The BUKs do look like they could keep up with blitzing tanks, you're right.
Yes, Thanks for saving the old A-10. Think of building cheap new ones instead of costly new design! @nighttides @pepperm4n
A flying tank. They don't make them like they used too. It has a titanium bathtub and can fly with one wing. F-35 breaks after sneezing
Thanks, again.
because "XYZ Jet Drops Most..." doesn't have the same ring to it...?
Too bad we spent billions on other worthless new planes.
Truly a formidable asset!  Long live the A-10...
I, too, am real glad you helped save the A-10. There is no other aircraft that can do the job of close air support as well as the Warthog.
#IslamicState result of Israeli Oded Yinon neocon plan vs #Iraq & beyond pushed by @SenJohnMcCain http://america-hijacked.com/2014/07/13/the-unfolding-of-yinons-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east-the-crisis-in-iraq-and-the-centrality-of-the-national-interest-of-israel/ … #neocons
An incredible plane! Yay science and engineering!
In other news: Sen McCain continues to bomb middle class & small business, putting lobbyists, special interests & personal vendettas first



Thank God we saved the old timers like the A-10 Sen McCain & me. My prayers are with Senator John McCain for a speedy recovery.
Yea me too sorry we could not save hours of all those cut from 40 to under 30 because of Obama Care or the food it took out of their mouths
Retire the A-10 warthog and yourself
McCain https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/903294913986666496 …
BAM
SUPPORT @POTUS
I've heard for decades that troops on the ground were always happy to see it.  I got to spend a couple years as an engine mechanic on it.
You only got a 2 year reprieve, what then? Maybe some new airframes? Always point out problems never have an answer. RETIRE Brutus.
Are they going to bury you in an A-10? You'd probably like that.
Best plane ever
Oppose Brian Benczkowski - no way this guy w/ Russian connections should be taking Mueller's old job in the F.B.I.
We agree on this.
Guardian Angels of groundpounders everywhere!
Mr. Mc Cain, have you heard? Texas gulf area experiencing horrible natural disaster. What are YOU doing to help our southerner neighbors?
Primitive medievalists like IS are the only people we can use obsolete systems against.
It might be slow but the name has meaning
One of the best defensive/ offensive weapons forclose ground attack. U see the white of their eyes
Thanks 
Retire McCain,  you suck
Traitor! Stay home where you belong!god help us if you return to congress!!!!
Just like the Browning. 50 cal...just because it is an old design, doesn't mean it's not devastatingly effective
Yes I'm certain you made a lot of money on that move! If only us regular Americans had inside info like you! #SwampScum
Me too!
Taking on the role of the Skyraider. Another great aircraft.
Low and Slow. Tank killer. Troops on the ground rely on the A-10.
a flying tank.
And murders thousands of innocent civilians.

Yes, the A-10 is a beautiful and badass warplane. But I wonder how many dead civilians that article is conveniently ignoring. 
Agree. saving A-10 was very important. Also appreciate your vote on health care. However your continued support of illegals & globalism :-(
i served when we had F4 A6 A4 and A7 and E2A's all good planes almost forgot the A3 whale
Replacing the A10 makes as much sense as replacing the deuce and a half.
Urgh please retire or support our presidents agenda.
You save the A- 10 and Obamacare you should be really proud!
Or you should take your cash filled pockets and retire. So America can get the medical coverage they need!
If I retire, who is gonna pay for your free insurance?
Why is it, every time I see a tweet from McCain I get nauseous? Maybe the nauseous feeling of seeing thumbs down on O'care will never leave.
BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT!

The picture in the article isn't an A10 BTW...
Looks like an f18
Give um the BBBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTR!!!!
LOL
From one Senator to another, our votes to save the A-10 are absolutely irrefutable.  It is a wonderful aircraft!
Here! Here!
I second the Gentleman from NY's motion!
Now you have to worry about the kkk killing more innocent Americans.
Because dropping bombs is the most important thing America can do as a country? Not shelter & feed the homeless or provide mental health svc

The average age of a Warthog in the wild is 15 years, or, if you factor in the expiration of US imperialism, 15 minutes of fame.
Don't be a cynic- The A-10 is the most cost effective and mission critical airborne nutcracker we have!
Its a flying garbage can
add the word impenetrable
Just like this guy. Highest survivability possible.  With enough conflict and aggression, humans might be lucky enough to evolve this way.
I think that's my 1st cousin...but interesting point..
Yes, the A-10 is a beautiful and badass warplane. But I wonder how many dead civilians that article is conveniently ignoring. 
I'd be willing to bet there isn't a single person alive who cares less than he does
Everybody loves the Warthog (apart from people on the wrong side of its guns)
Its not nation building, its not a police action. What question is being answered there?  US exercises a veto?  Nothing but victims in wake.
How about you save the tax reform bill, Healthcare reform bill-something THIS term you lazy RINO? Just retire and quit screwing us...
You don't shoot your Workhorse if the a 10s are worn out to replace them with new  a-10s
Now cancel F-35 and get planes dedicated to missions
Back to your GOPutin self so soon celebrating war and deaths huh?
so is the infantry
Absolutely LOVE the #A10
Death and Destruction, YAY!
It is a well designed plane.
We are misusing it, along with the rest of our military,
making things worse.
Blood, gore and veins in your teeth?
I wonder now that @SenJohnMcCain is a Liberal crybaby democrat maybe he will want US to throw rocks at the bad guys from a noise free blimp?
Acts 2:38
Then #Peter said to them, “#Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of #JesusChrist for the [1/2]
#remission of #sins; and you shall receive the #gift of the #HolySpirit. [2/2]
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the #grace of our #LordJesusChrist, that though He was rich, #yet for your #sakes He became [1/2]
poor, that you through His #poverty might become rich. [2/2]
On the lighter side of things yes, they can save your ass in video games. 
Up next? Saving you! Prayer warrior on a mission for you and your family! I'm a 19 year survivor.
* civilians *

