never speak negatively about US while on foreign territory.  You owe the country an apology
He did it in Vietnam so why would now be different. He is a traitor to his country. McCain is not a hero!!
he will always be a hero..and a damn good man
lol you should research his actions in Vietnam!! HE IS NO HERO!!  Educate yourself
honey my husband was in Nam too n Mccain is a hero always will be. Educate yourself child.
if you read previous article which is FACT you would not be calling that traitor a hero
fact is he is not a traitor and you should be ashamed saying it.
just so you know vung tau was a place soldiers went for R&R
nobody taking notes. Was is that interesting?
yesterday!
Your speech was brilliant. Thank you.
that's a Christian response. Well done.
You're going to really convince me of your point by insulting me. That's always the way to go. 
Hopefully weren't bashing the @POTUS while you were over there
Thank you, John McCain!  You are a true American Patriot and statesman!
Hope you raised the question of Afghan soil being used by Taliban to launch attacks inside Pakistan.
grow up and think outside the box that which soil is used against what from the last 4 decades...!!
The answer is implied in the earlier comment. You don't need to name sponsors.
Unless supporting Trump, McCain should not be talking with other countries.
...Radical Islamic Terrorism!!!!!!
GO AWAY @SenJohnMcCain!!
BIGGEST voting mistake I ever made was voting for you...again! #Shameful 
Arizona & vets deserve better
#TeamWard
He's lying again! https://twitter.com/Deplorabelle/status/834760426441285636 … #treason #Traitor
#Syria is kicking #ISIS ass while @SenJohnMcCain illegally enters Syria to help ISIS. WTH! https://aml.ink/vBWLR  via @thearabsource
Trump's Russia connection--and Felix Sater-keep coming up.@TimOBrien has context http://bv.ms/2lGPW1Z  via @BV
From the man who never saw a conflict he didn't want to turn into a war. Dodged that bullet in 2000!
is being blackmailed by the Old Obama regime or is being paid by Soros.
it would be nice if you showed respect to the @POTUS as he  is the president of your country. #shame
, POTUS is golfing and dining at Mar-0-Lago and spending tax payer money on building his ego with rallies.
Where have u been last 8 yrs? Obama in Vegas during Benghazi, spent $M lavish trips wake up
- Trump spent $11 mil in 1st month.Obama spent $10 in 1st year & everyone went nuts. Including Trump.
...96 mil. in 8 yrs
Thank you for bravely and eloquently speaking out against the tyranny of our administration!
you are delusional
Only conversation should B how many yrs does it take 2 train your army.What a crock time 2 leave & their men defend country
fire the leak
McCain has become a poor representative for this country with his inflammatory remarks of the POTUS.
I am embarrassed to be from AZ. He's has to go. Dear john: RETIRE PLEASE.
...he's become a disgruntled old man
Talk is cheap. Actions speak louder
You should be removed from anything having to do w/National Security & fighting terrorism Traitor
UR CLOSET LIBERAL AND ASHAMED I ONCE SUPPORTED YOU
You said terrible things.
yes.
Regrettably you have been asleep for two or three years. How many people has been killed ?
not ur job to go and speak for all Americans.  You are to speak for your state.  RETIRE
Start having a "Good Conversation" w/Trump! Country needs all (R) on same agenda!
so you can talk nicely to that President but have nothing but HATRED for OUR OWN chosen one?  wow
JMC and L Graham are very bitter and everyone knows it.  Oh and you can throw in Rubio!  #CryBabies
The 'terrorism' is in the White House now. #IMPEACHTRUMP
You really work the press that you seem to think is important and they are just losers
Traitor to Country + shill for Liberals Dems. Attacking POTUS is attack on USA. Resign immediately!
You disparaged @POTUS overseas. No excuse. Bad behavior.
Ur a traitor to be a globalist & part of a #ShadowGovernment  an obamanation to our country!!
The disciples came to Jesus, saying, “Where will you have us prepare for you to eat the passover?” Matthew 26:17
Does Sen. John McCain run his own foreign policy now? I thought he lost in 2008.
maybe you should out effort in talking with POTUS rather than trashing him on foreign soil.
How dare you go outside the USA and act like a fool. This is why u needed george soros to help u win
The Free World sees you as the Adult in the room Senator McCain.  Keep your mind and country strong.
does he know you funded and supported the terrorists? You are not our representative
Ashraf Ghani is a terrorist you idiot...
U r the senator of 1 state. You couldn't win the nat'l election. Stop bashing @POTUS & be a team player. Btw - GOP team
Do you realize non of your constituents like you? Too foolish to see the hand writing on the wall?
Stay home and keep your mouth shut,do your job.
dude, you're shot. Retire. #johnthedemocrat
McCain is a turncoat
Your main problem is that you are senile and can't get over the fact that you lost and Trump won.
RETIRE John! You are nothing more than a traitor to the Republican party! Disappointed in you!!
is Soros really paying you? Shame on you.
you are all talk...and traveling on our dime. Get back home and whip up some grits.
- Johnny Wet Start is a deceiver.
Pakistan is the real terrorist country and trouble in the region.
get out of the way of our pres..you lost your chance
oh yeah.. you can good conversation with everyone in the world but with YOUR PRESIDENT. Shame on U
.@SenJohnMcCain You do not speak for the American people. You only care about globalist agendas. Stay in Europe. Bow to your masters in EU.
You just can't get it in your mind that you represent AZ and not the entire country
Globalist, elite traitor. We all see the truth about you! Retire!
How much does it cost us for McBlame to fly all over the world?  What do WE get from this? Any value? What are his motives?
Maybe you should TAKE THE TIME to have a discussion with President Trump and clear the air instead of backstab
you have provided no teamwork for this Administration. You crotchety old man. I don't get you!!!
McCain you should retire you're a bumbling old man that has become an outside irrelevant Rino
I see the responses you're getting from the public in Twitter, you are not liked, get other job!!!
u guys always talk but no results.. why ? Is this just to do formalities ?
I could not believe you would forsake your country to make yourself feel relevent. SHAME ON YOU
Did you ask him to do something about his soldiers treatment of little boys?
Jonn put a towel on your head and go to Iran and stay there.
How are you on any committee regarding foreign policy? Twenty years of proven foreign policy failures!
Seriously!!  RETIRE before you kill us all!!
Did you slam our President, Johnny boy?
You are the worse representative of the people of the United States. Obama in your pocket?
you need to go away song bird
Shame on you!  Trashing @POTUS while on foreign soil.  You should know better. #unamerican
9 Senators globe trotting with McCain.  Yet, they can't get to health care and tax reform.
should not pose as a "representative" of POTUS or The United States on ANY matters, foreign or domestic = RINO fraud
Love you @SenJohnMcCain! You are what this country needs!
Great, stay over there permanent.
Your trying to act like your the president! Grow up!
You aren't the Secretary of State. Face the ongoing battle veterans in your backyard face every day at the VA. Help Them.
Disappointed in your words about President & country. Don't even think about making apology speech!
Making "Deals" John for your own agenda?
YouDogOnServicesOf FamiliesBushClintonAndObama.ItThroughSoAsYouAphganistanIsSuffering,Iraq,Palestine
Why did you call President Trump a dictator?He is not abolishing the http://press.You  are a disgrace.
I must say Sen. your behavior is quite disturbing.
McCain is a war hawk.. he must get paid by defense contractors
Who needs Democrats when we have you??? Support our Prez!
<~ #Obama's overseas #America bashing was pathetic, I thought you were smarter. ;(  #TechNews #news @ashrafghani @MunSecConf
you're senile and resented, doing disservice to your country. We elected Trump, you had ur chance go
by the way your big words "ISLAMIC TERRORIST" I haven't heard you speak since WE WON! Why?Fake you?
Same thing when they had #fakenews about your WONDERFUL running mate! Dictator? Really? SHAME ON YOU
The Media! He is holding them accountable! BIG DIFFERENCE! Maybe you would have won had you done the
On their side? What you said sickened me because it's not true! Our @POTUS is not trying to shut up
A tragedy! Yes your a Wonderful Vet! But really why is the Veterans Having it so hard while you are
Apology! We love our @POTUS And you even considering saying what you said much less saying it is
Did you bad mouth Our @POTUS ? Mr McCain I HAD great respect for you for many years but u own us an
Shame on you
This Man is the biggest Terrorist Threat to our Country. #DictatorDon #PutinsPuppet #DoYouJob
You of all people should resign for Badmouthing our President to a foreign Government your Pathetic!
McCain hurts our cause. Get out of the way. You're part of the swamp that needs drained. Retire!
how embarrassing you are to this country. How much did Soros give to your campaign to sell out
Jealous senile fool must go
Your words spoken in Germany were disheartening.  What were you thinking??????
he was thinking "what's the best way to get my name in the media without worrying about facts." #dramaqueen
POTUS needs to find a way to jail you for interfering in foreign affairs. GOP turncoat. MGEDYAY
u people know batter then us about terrorism but no thing doing.again what s ur promises 2 afg gov ?
Are you the leak in wa???
Time for you retirement. Your Brain is disfuntioning.
People love our great president. The liberals press is dishonest
McCain is a TRAITOR of his own country!
Mccain you are a lying snake...We The People want you GONE!
You are not the @POTUS John! Remember you lost? You don't know how to win anymore. #MAGA #TRUMP45

sir u need to retire! U r leaning to much to left! U r hindering Pres.,cabinet!
you show 'em Senator...stand up to that un-American illiterate in the WH...real Americans are with you
@MunSecConfactually say something and promise something and then actually do it.I'm 28 and that's a first for me
you and every other politic never keeps their word it's actually refreshing to see a politician
you need to be reminded that you work for We The People! You are a national embarrassment to USA trashing our @POTUS!
How dare McCain speak against R Country.He's in w/corruption who want globalism & NWO. He's disgrace
I don't trust or admire you anymore. You sound good then turn around and vote for what you condemn.
Where are the ladies at?
@karachi_post Lost 15%  this year alone #Afghanistan=Never Conquered, just ask around #PENTAGON
THANK YOU for putting country above party!  Sad so much anger coming your way. Stay strong!
Baloney. We need to have term limits and get rid of these 80 year olds.
How much are you selling our country for?
Love to be a fly on the wall at that meeting... "You gotta hide all evidence that we created ISIS!"
McCain's efforts are counter productive .. trashing the president around the world. Run as a Dem.
Who do U think U are. You are not President or Sec of State. Get back to US & stop wasting my taxes
TRADER  GO JOIN THE DEMS
Well, I think its kind of obvious who our white house rat is.
:Yes, but no good conversation w/ our President!
Thank you Mr. President!
I now regret voting for you when you ran for POTUS.  What are you thinking?  You have lost your mind!  RETIRE!
YEAH..TRASHING OUR POTUS! YOU ARE A TRAITOR!
YAWNING...
love you sen.mccain...please start working for the people. President Trump needs your help
are you still upset because you lost the presidency? Do us a favor john switch parties! You don't represent republicans.
Too bad you offer more respect for leaders of countries that wish us harm, than you do our own POTUS. I regret ever voting 4U
how was your conversation with Ukraine PM. talking to a Russian comedian DA
You need to stop, we cut the grass to see the snakes, don't be one of them. Americans are watching.
I think you support Afghanistan Pres before Before your own.  You're a CNN hack.
