The longer Trump is an office is the worst it's going to get for vets
right cuz Obama did such a bang up job in the past 8 yrs v. Trump in the past 37 days
Liz, just so you know, Congress - not #potus - set VA funding
first we need your help to impeach Trump. Then we can worry about vets.
Just words as a career politician- when will you act to save Americans when so many hv died at the CORRUPT AZ VA?
. Them do something about it!!!!!! Quit talking, action now.
yes we want our veterans to have theproper care.  Don't fight the  president,  which side are you on? You &cconnel?
, why haven't you worked on this before how long you been there
Shelia, McCain has been a constant advocate for our Vets.
,well then how long has our President been in office,give him time then,  he has a problem,so does graham
you get your care there?
you don't care about anyone but yourself! Stop using Trumps lines.
Really John?  The remaining POWS have been waiting for decades for care, but they don't get anything thanks to you John "The Prince" McCain!
Then close the VA and let them use any hospital they choose.
agreed, so please keep up the good fight for the veterans choice card program
If we can afford to send our your men & women to war, we can afford to take excellent care of our #WoundedWarriors
McCain 'wants our veterans to have immediate care...' THEN why hasn't he done his job ensuring veterans immediately get care!
maybe you aren't paying attention but Mr. McCain has been working pretty hard to straighten out the VA
Stop Bashing Potus so he can help Vets. Shame You did not do more from your office. Took outside @POTUS 2care 4 Vets
Even though you are VET you know you don't really care. You and your puppet need to retire. Choice Prog not the right choice
especially after they're hurt by weapons you provided to terrorist groups in Syria? 

@YouTube
Go fix the dangerous parking lot!
too little too late John. U should have gotten something accomplished years ago. You've been a senator 4 2000 years
how many years have you said this and how many years have they been?
THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE VOTED HILLARY!  TOO LATE NOW. THIS IS NAZI ADMINISTRATION
Do something about it, Senator!! Actions speak louder then mere words! Action!!!
Your a sell out. You can preach but you just can't do.
I agree. Neither should the children in our state. Keep our health care
Big difference. The gov't OWES this to our Veterans. Don't owe anyone else.
I see, don't talk to about children and their health.
I'm a parent. It's MY job to provide healthcare for my children. Not the government.
And if you can't afford it for some reason?
Should have thought of that before you got pregnant.
The answers are never as simple as people try to make them.
What happens when someone who could "afford children" lose a job or a working parent?
YOU MAY THANK PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP FOR THIS! NOBODY CARED PRIOR TO HIM!
shouldn't this have been fixed YEARS ago???
where you been for the last 8 years with your hero obama doing nothing? Oh, that's right. Trying to start a war.
@AmericanLegion @YouTube What have you done for our veterans? you need to resign
You go suck on a lemon. @realDonaldTrump handed it to you last night. You just whine while he acts. #Savo Island
on idea would be to create a 'take care clinic' type office in the Va.  A place that takes walk in appointments.
get you've never had health care in the real civilian world.  They have to wait too
how many years you been in office and this is still a problem, democrates   communist party against American people
Have you wanted it for the past eight years you've been in office, or just developed a case of concern since 110816?
THEN WHY DOES YOUR PHX VA CONSTANTLY FAIL VETERANS???
You have been in Washington forever and have done NOTHING to help vets. Also, the campaign is over, quit undermining Trump
I agree. My son broke his hip while training and over a year later still waiting for appointment to VA.
Senator McCain, My brother did 2 terms/ Vietnam. The VA in Harlingen Tx., treat him like a 2nd class citizen. Sad
and what are you going to do about it? Do u think it's going to get better under trump? You are such a disappointment
AGREED . Vets fought for US. WE must fight for them.
if so why haven't you made it happen in the million years you have served
I nobody but nobody should be on a waiting list, unless their insurance doesn't cover the procedure!
How dare you post this Tweet after doing NOTHING for vets EVER! You're a disgrace to America! Go away forever!!!
,senator I lost all faith in you, where were you when vets needed help before the VA scandal.  You are Fake news
why didn't you do anything about it before?
how about we overall the bureaucracy in the VA
how about instead of being a leading democrat against president & trashing him you act like you care & work with him
Senator McCain, I am not a republican but have voted for you in senate races.   You are an honorable man.  Thank you.
There are no providers in the community to see them, wait is longer outside that at VA. Employed there x 25+ years
Veterans and ALL Americans Senator McCain!  #FixNotReal #WorldWarACA Be part of the solution, extend a hand
Where have you been the past eight years!!!
you've been in office for years and haven't solved the problem you SOB. Our veterans have been waiting because of U!
GOP turncoat. You could give a sh--!You been on the public dole for so long you wouldn't know what a line looked like.MGEDYAY
agree 100 percent
do you really mean no one?  Nah...didn't think so.
The VA care in AZ had the worse in the Nation. Where was McCain? He was travel across the World badmouthing the POTUS.
This treatment for our VETs should have never, ever, ever reached this dilemma...immigrants receive better benefits! shame!
investigate follow the money
Ok, I agree. But what are u going to do about the criminal in the WH? He could inflict harm on us all!
unbelievable that YOU would even mention this now...how long has this been going on and you just now feel its a priority?
.what? have you been asleep for the last 8+ years? You have allowed the gov't to treat VET's like second class citizens! sad
Well what the hell are you doing about it boss?
faux outrage.  Where your boots when vets dying in Phoenix.  Not here in Phoenix.  Get real McCain
Thank you. My veteran father spends months at a time waiting for them to do nothing helpful. Time to be fixed!
PLEASE urge @SenatorSessions to look at FACTS regarding marijuana use. It saves Vets' lives! Have him check w/@drsanjaygupta!
u r right!
universal healthcare for all!
Thank you!
disgrace that we have allowed this to happen.
Wouldn't it seem that hiring more staff would at least be a step towards shortening the long waits?
Of course, this mess happened ON YOUR WATCH! Too bad you couldn't be bothered back then.
Then why do republicans vote down every veterans bill?
They need action more than talk
Then get to work on it, Johnny, & quite badmouthing OUR President. Sounds like you need a "project". MAGA
you're a grand stander. You've done little or nothing for us vets.
it won't matter since Russia has invaded us and you don't seem to care.
You haven't done shit for veterans since you've held office-#s increase for vet homelessness, suicides and poor health care.
then why have you set on ur ass all these years while it got there? You are shameless.
So delighted to have #TheMaverick back in D.C. Thank you.
I'm 100 percent VA service combat vet. No CONTINUITY of care at VA even if you get an appointment!
VA let's us die before we get care. VA's way to cut costs!
You've been in the government for decades. You are the problem!!  Thanks for nothing
yes. Yes. Yes!!
you have been in office how long? As a vet this should be your priority rather than spending time dissing the Pres!
I was at the South East clinic in Val Vista last week with my combat veteran husband. Many heroes waited and waited.
Am with you on that!
, it's been years now you care?
why R U saying this now? Obama was "taking care of this" years ago!
If someone serves our country; our country should serve them. Take care of those vets!
yes it's reprehensible how we treat those who fought for our freedom.   Get Russian Spies out of WH - NOW
All Americans deserve to have healthcare. Improve whole system. Know you know it is right thing.
GOP voted 60+ times to abolish Americans #ACA. Now Trump says WHOOPS, "I didnt know #healthcare so complicated" 
@coton_luver @SenJohnMcCain Senator, your voting record says otherwise.
so where were you before? Why did you not push why now to get liberal tv time. Joke
you are a waste McCain
A soldier is now dying from prostate cancer bc he couldn't get a timely appt. My husband is a cancer survivor bc he did.
I agree!  Thank you! @JeffFlake @RepAndyBiggsAZ
Then don't cut taxes for the top 10%, and fund it! Pretty frickin simple. Except you're beholden to your big donors!
they should be  able to walk into any hospital of choice and choose a primary care physician just like you senators
you have failed miserably in past now you want to obstruct our president as well. Swamp dwellers like you very sad
it about time u said something good when r u going to arrest Jane Fonda
where have you been for 8 years....get a job
well good luck with that.
bring our troops home..If u insist on continuing these endless wars, bring back the draft..
Trump has done more for vets in 40 days than you in 40 years. John What were you doing in Syria for Obama ?
ya what is he doing there?
agree vets deserve top notch care provided in a timely manner. So do WE! Comprehensive affordable ins. Fix ACA.
I think this was what Trump was talking about for the last year,
give them your place at the gold plated congressional clinic. U only care about yourself. Fake republican
please answer question? What r u afraid of
VETS & ALL! MAVERICK u must request investigation. It's right thing to do. So disappointed in u.Time to unfollow u. I Giveup
. Why didn't you do something about it
veterans fought and many died for this country. It's only right that we should take care of them.
we need urgent care facilities. A clinic that is open 7 days a week in case of an accident or sudden illness.
Excellent idea!!
VA money going to build a wall. What a joke.
Talk - Talk - Talk - Talk... doing your job John entails action...
what's stopping you senator? The party and president you supported are in power. This complaint is against yourself
@Potus Instead of building more bombs that the world doesnt need, how about using money to take care if our vets at home!!!
That includes people who aren't vets right?
Why White helmets do not work in Mosul? There you and Obama killed thousands of innocent people !
no one does in my area. I don't want it privatized.
Vet funding won't increase until @TheDemocrats are majority of Congress! Reps are responsible for cuts! 1/
Obama tried repeatedly! Only funding packages passed in 2009/2010!Look it up! Several bills died in Congress.2/
what do you know about it? When was the last time you had to wait on anything? Just retire already!
How long ago did this become your idea? No investigations or concerns for 8 years.
!!!
Then do something about it! You've had lots of time. Vets are waiting (and dying) for you to take action.
No, veterans first!   We sacrificed, you chose not to.  Now live with your choice.
John UR complicity while this administration is devolving is CRIMINAL! U are now part of the cover up. We will NEVER forget.
I agree. This needs to be fixed asap. No one should have to wait for health services, especially Veterans.
I want to know where you've been for all the previous years Senator? It is atrocious the way our vets are treated!
retire rhino! You don't care about vets!!!
all you care about is your politics and colluding with the enemy!
You say lot of things but your voting record doesn't match your words.  Wake me up when you take action.
Step side for Trump & have some respect -U lost UR election because U were to polite, a coward, & to politically entrenched
the first decent thing I have heard you say
Frankly you are full of it - WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN FOR ALL THE YEARS IN THE SENATE?  Maybe it's time you resign-UR not helpful
I was once republican, you are the only sitting republican that I trust at all
, no one believes you.  You're part of the #deepstate.  Nothing more than a globalist tool.
and Phoenix VA in your state is the worst. Less talk more action!
do the same thing for all Americans Sen John McCain, not just for Vets
why is your party ignoring this? Open your eyes! #TrumpRussia #DoYourJob
Since you support spending half our taxes on defense spending, why not give every citizen immediate care?
fake outrage from a fake leader get @SenSchumer so U both can cry fake tears. Y didn't U do something while Obama was @potus?
u have been in the Senate how long? Why IS the VA so messed up? It's all about u isn't it mccain!
I  agree Senator so what are you doing to stop Trump's madness?
did u just wake up loser?
and the rest of Americans? Will the USA be the only major country in the world not caring for its citizens? SHAME
where and when have you helped...have to pay for ambulance
@AmericanLegion @YouTube you voted against the WWII KOREAN and VIETNAM Caregiver Expansion. Shame on you
Reality is far different isn't it 894/899? Where have you been?
SHUT UP!
I work hard every day to provide medical care to patients in northern Arizona.  Save the ACA!
Thank you for advocating for our veterans. Now please advocate for the ACA to keep Arizonans insured. A constituent.
then don't spend billions on a wall. Use it for better good like on veterans & mil families
Senator please have review of endless paperwork and mail only VA communications. WWII vets families are drowning.
Our POTUS talks a good line but comes up empty. No legislation passed! Get to those ties to Russia & impeach!
please show same for repeal & replace &a cut to domestic bedget
whether veteran or civilian, but especially veterans.
Like they do in Canada where the waiting lists are long for everyone.
Your CnC @potus campaigned for that. Illegals get welfare amounts more than Vets assistance & u never fought it. #TermLimits
Munitions Specialists suffer  Infectious Onset of Autoimmune Diseases, including Rheumatoid Arthritis. Investigate
, then fully fund the VA, sir.
wonderful speech.My dad went to Phoenix VA, much needed tests were delayed more than once.Purple heart decorated WWII
So stand up to trump. The new larger military spending should include care when soldiers are home,not just the war machine.
