Nalvany is not pro Russia.He supports anti Russian propaganda Nato ,extreme Islam in Russia.wasn't just arrested.he broke law. McCain lies
"He supports extreme Islam in Russia??!" What are you writing about???
Wish @SenJohnMcCain would stand with POTUS!! 
He's all bribed .why does McCain support NATO when Warsaw Pact taken apart 25 yrs ago? Or terrorism ? He's not for USA so is not for trump
REALLY SICK of watching you Grey Old Pr**ks NOT wanting to get to the TRUTH about Russia. SHAMEFUL!! History will NOT look kindly on you
REALLY?? Didn't HELP getting to the bottom of Russia in 6/13. WTF is it with you interrupting Sen. Harris AGAIN!! Too tuff on your buddy??
I'm more disturbed by protestors & leftists denying freedoms of U.S. Citizens because they don't agree on agenda.My freedom of speech denied
Somewhere on the internet, the sound of a Nazi baby crying in its cradle...
Russians take home 87% of earned wages while Americans are left with just 60%, and they get FREE healthcare. So yes, let's discuss freedom.
Russia has Presidential & Parliamentary Elections. You fail to mention Navalny is a Far-Right Racist Islamophobe.
Disturbed by your blatant misogyny sir with #kamalaharris! As a veteran, stop it!
John may have more problems than the Russians...Try to work as Senator to resolve our problems
But your ok with freedoms disappearing in MY country? What is going on with you anyway? It's very confusing figuring out what you're up to.
Mcains so dumb he supports Russia Sanctions then pretend he cares about Russians who have more freedom and less tax than US now
Even more disturbing I noticed you posted no condolence for your good friend Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi killed by US forces
the same Mccain happy to back violent protests in Kiev 2014  http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-u-s-has-installed-a-neo-nazi-government-in-ukraine/537155 …
Disturbed by your disloyalty to your party, president, and the recent election result.
the same Mccain happy to back violent protests in Kiev 2014  http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-u-s-has-installed-a-neo-nazi-government-in-ukraine/537155 …
I'm a staunch Dem who's defended you a lot against your own party.  I now see you're no different. Party over country. You & Cindy sold out.
Corrupt supporter of #alqaeda in #syria
the same Mccain happy to back violent protests in Kiev 2014  http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-u-s-has-installed-a-neo-nazi-government-in-ukraine/537155 …
i strongly believe that you donot know the real background.....
Far more disturbing is your open support for destabilizing Russia. 

Can you imagine if Putin backed regime change "protests" in Washington?
Do your job John.Stop criticizing and talking about Russia and Putin.Try to resolve our problems ...We  may have more problems
"Freedom"  
 
You supported the Fascist Coup in Ukraine in 2014.
GET OFF TWITTER. ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU SAID ABOUT TRUMP?
You are delusional and need to be put to pasture.  #justsaying
John McCain went there: longtime Arizona senator says the U.S. was better off with Obama as a leader
What does that tell you?? 
Moments like these where we need your full and thoughtful voice against the Russian efforts at compromising our democratic institutions.
McCain has become irrelevant . He reminds me of what they called  a 5th column during WW 2 .
Is America on the path to same authoritarian rule?
why are you pushing this fake Russia narrative so hard?  you are the one who got donations from Russia. treasonous weasel rino
We know you can stand against tyranny, you can be strength and reason.
Please advocate for what is right.
Putin and trump are the wrong ones
#brainwashed
Mr McCain. If we loose this presidency we may never again be governed by Republicans  please stop what u are doing

This is how #US treats peaceful protesters who oppose #DAPL poisoning the water supply 
Oh please ..you are speaking crap as usual..everyone knows Navalny is your pathetic stooge.. its not going to work ..
Senility is not aging good on you. Please get help soon. Meds available.
-- Navalny tried his best to get arrested by holding a rally in an unauthorized spot. Stop your anti-Russia propaganda!
Mccain loves the F word..but what he really supports is not freedom but Fascism
Far more disturbing is your open support for destabilizing Russia.   Can you imagine if Putin backed regime change "protests" in Washington?
Hang it up McPain!
STOP INTERRUPTING SEN HARRIS!!
you no longer represent the will of the ppl, dems and republicans all hate you please retire already.  Rino warmonger
Where's your compassion here in our 
Trump WAS right on ONE issue
You're NOT a hero
You USE 2b
Pathetic sellout at the expense of our 
McCain you disappoint me as a veteran who served 27 years in the military you are letting this Administration undermine our democracy
https://twitter.com/davudov_34/status/870813554072530945 …
Did you not support Ukrainian Nazis/anti semites?.
ask your pal Trump to tell his boss (putin) to stop it! John!? By the way.. isn't money great!? History will tell your story
If you stood with "all Russians" you wouldn't be supporting a tiny pol minority that is trying to destroy the govt elected by the majority.
Were you disturbed by the arrests of Occupy Wall Street protesters ?
Your support a Russian Narrative, but not President Trump a true Republican. Pathetic.
I am more concerned about waiting line for our vets to get proper care under your watch as Senator!  Do something!
Occupy Wall Street was a peaceful protest, it didn't take you long to squash that US movement that threatened your cushy seat!
And what senator would you say of the peaceful Occupy Wall Street protests and how those protesters were treated. Or Standing Rock protests?
Disturbed by your senility and support of ISIS.
Russians Fighting for freedom..I hope they are not fighting same as those AlQaeda moderate terrorist you back in Siria for years.
Freedom from who can you tell us?
P-off, warmonger.
Thank u for saying that! Can you make sure we stand with all Americans and others fighting for freedom too?
You should have ended the tweet at disturbed...it would be more genuine
Navalny is America's effort to destabilise Russia, he only wins 1% of the vote if that. The Communist party is the largest opposition party.
Putin uses barricades against peaceful protesters.
You're a hypocritical little man. Mind your own business for once you trouble-making warmonger. Look closer to home, McCain.
You are a globalist stooge McCain, a supporter of ISIS terrorists in Syriia and a real threat to World peace.
When our "friends" in Saudi Arabia allow peaceful protests with geographic boundaries to protect everyone's rights, I'll take you seriously.
So you are colluding with the RUSSIANS!!!!!
He's Washington's poster boy…
Where are the sanctions? @LindseyGrahamSC
Move World Cup 2018 out of Russia. @FIFAWorldCup
please remember, Trump deeply admires how Putin operates. America is in trouble. #godhelpusall
I would be suspicious with Navalny when you give support to him. We must remember that McCain met with the syrian democrats(Al Bagdhadi)
Do u speak 4 Trump? Not a word from him
Can someone come with a camera and interview you on this in the Senate hallway?  Oh wait, your Putin loving party went and banned that today
Why is your wife joining the Trump administration?
Yeah, your all talk.
Please keep on. Don't let this die.
If the current Republican Adminstration is left to have their way, it will literally be Russia here.  Please, I'm begging - do something!
John, wish you would show the same distain for the ugly protesters on the left we have in America.......
That why you asked Comey those hard-hitting questions last week?
They are brave, and we wish them success.
The time for you to be "disturbed, troubled, worried, concerned" has passed. Time to step up and lead a call to action. #ImpeachTrump
Traitor John!!!!! Obama lover......
I am deeply disturbed by your mental capabilities. #comey hearing
Selling out this country and human rights mission for your wife to get a job. Expected better Senator. So freaking disappointed.
I know you really, really want to be the Scoop Jackson of the Republican Party. Get real McCain !
disturbed?
Does it?
Dear @SenJohnMcCain .. You cant twitter, you can barely speak.. So to the 23 year old tweeting for you.. If youre a conservative.. Run!!
Thanks for being presidential.  Anyway to help the current president learn?
Do you know the muffin man?
Now we understand your loyalty to Trump!Your wife is going to work for the State Dept!It was bought with wife's job &Russian$

This is disturbing too. #complicithttps://twitter.com/ShawnSRocks/status/874467210944761856
McCain has helped to keep wages artificially low for 50% of US workers. He is the US version of corrupt Russian pols.
Heard you spoke to pranksters that claimed to be Ukrainian Ambassador!  The audios all over the web! Retire nut!
JOHN  YOU ARE OF NO GOOD, IF YOU ARE OBSTRUCTING THE PRESIDENT, WHY NOT JUST BECOME A DEMOCRAT. YOU NEED TO BE VOTED OUT.
Senator, here in America we too are fighting to keep our constitutional rights. Please join in.
Many of us are deeply disturbed that u cannot or will not support the president and Republican Party... the one Americans voted for! :(
Were disturbed by your nonsensical comments. Please seriously consider retirement. Your elevator doesn't reach the top floor anymore
How about standing with Americans and the base of your party Ass hat?
#unclejoe time to retire and take rest 
Live with family ! 
#TermLimits is major fact ! 
Thank you for the service !
Wish you were sincere  like hero @vkaramurza +you were. Sure our kids are important but you harm US all by defending #treason
Disturbed by why there's no arrests from when erdogan's thugs beat the shit out of US citizens.
I'm disturbed that a psycho like u is still in the Senate . That's what's disturbing..
And not by the things that are going on in your own country your POTUS is doing? Shame on you, McCain!
Russia today is a Christian nation with values that we once had . President Putin is greatest statesman in world today.
@Reince45 @LindseyGrahamSC @JoeNBC @ericbolling Why isn't Trump commenting on Putin crackdown on peaceful protesters? Does Trump support it?
No word from @POTUS. You made your bed by defending this man John.
once again, you are the reason we need term limits for Congress
You sold your country & principles to get your wife a job in the Administration. You are a traitor to America.
So anyone thinking McCain was a good guy, can now drop that fantasy. https://twitter.com/InSpiteOfTrump/status/874463185541181440 …
Impeach the president, and save the country.
Sorry Songbird, but it's time for you to retire.
Im worried about the freedoms and decorum and traditions and pieces of America we are losing. Do something
Thank you for saying.
How do you say 'none of your business' in American?
Where is Trump on this? Not a peep? Should be surprised & suspicious!

John McCain. You are a traitor to America. Traitor in Vietnam. Traitor now.
RESIGN
Well here you are backing up Trump and his russian involvement so you are indeed backing russia behavior, we are expecting more from u
We have enough problems with the Russian in the White House; can we "fix" Russian elections? No. Elections don't count in Russia or here.
US needs to stand with Americans fighting for America. Need leaders, not manipulators; can't help from homeless shelters, bread lines, ERs.
Normally you bomb countries into peace John.
US? #POTUS is fighting the free media in the US, using propaganda and #fakenews to shape the reality! #democracyinaction
"Disturbed".  You don't do anything, though.  You never do anymore.

Same goes for here
Ok Senator. Let's do this!
Trump's friend at work.
You need to be more disturbed by potus
Too bad Trump is in bed with Putin
i would wish this statement coming from the president
I agree , you are disturbed.
More disturbed that you are Arizona's senator. Soros puppet. Stand with the President or step down. RINO.
so why were you so incoherent at the #ComeyTestimony
There's a person in the Whitehouse unexplainably enamored of Putin. Please, get your shit together, McCain.
If you are disturbed, quit apologizing for and rolling over for Putin's puppet in the White House and demand ANSWERS in #TrumpRussia
No you don't. You stand with asking James Comey why he wasn't meaner to Hillary Clinton. The Trump/Russia connection gets a pass from you.
Senator thanks for being a champion for the rights of the Russian people.
John McCain has gone insane.
Sure Trump liked what happened in Russia. He wishes he could do the same in the US...
Best description of your concern brows but then realized your wife is getting a job in the trump administration, how sick you guys are!
So Trump finally bought you out?..Shame on you!!! ..Now we know why you pulled that crap with Comey!! ..For your wife's new position traitor
Retire it's time
Senator, please stand with Americans concerned about democratic principles. But is much easier to advocate for rights of those far removed.
Based on the hearing it seems like you are still more worried about @HillaryClinton's emails than Russia's interference with our election
Good to see who's side your on,  please support Mueller
You got part of that right McCain...You are definitely disturbed
Please stand with all Americans peacefully trying to save our republic...please, Senator.
You clearly have dementia and lack the ability to string a coherent sentence together unless you are spouting democratic talking points
Senator, you've given a lot for this country. It's time you and Cindy enjoy some retirement time. Any affiliation with Trump will harm you.
Nice words but you vote in lockstep with the rethuglicans. And you'll vote to murder people with the new health care bill. #complicit
Hate McCain
John McCain thinks obama is better this old traitor needs to go
Stay out of this.. Its not our problem. It never was.
Have you ever thought about that the protests as other things could be also falsified, especially in Muscovy?
Disturbed you are still a senator
As distinct from most of us, you have the opportunity/obligation to make a historic difference. Stop staying up late and get going!
@SenFeinstein @BernieSanders @SenSchumer @SenWarren @KamalaHarris @maddow @KeithOlbermann DON'T FORGET #Trumpcare there R #13ALLwhitemen 1/
2/? NO WOMEN ALLOWED deciding the fate of our Health, our LIVES. And NO HEARINGS? WTH? We are NOT a #kleptocracy! Do the jobs we hired you
Your wife is going to work for trump? OMG the payoffs just keep mounting. Rich get richer Poor get poorer
Dont be disturb, senator. He was arrested for breaking the law, not for freedom fighting. I think, you know the truth) Pls, dont lie to ppl.
You post this but when given the chance 2 expose Trump for who he is you grill Comey like he is the traitor It's GO TIME do the right thing
