D
Should have voted yes.
If it weren't for @POTUS this bill would not be a reality!

You & your fellow #Dems & hero Obama let our brave Men & women everyday

#Shame
Our lives move in the direction of our most dominant thoughts. When you prejudge, you show how narrow your mind is.
You've been in office as long as I can remember. You should have been fixing these issues when you enter office.
Thanks To Donald Trump!  NOT U John!  @fox
Yes - Thank you @POTUS for taking care of our vets since these lifelongers wouldn't!
Medically retired veterans deserve their retirement pay S.66
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake : Senators: ITS STARTS  WITH "YOUALL" BEING LOYAL TO THE PRESIDENT, Disgraceful!!!!
No credits given to POTUS, cancerous one?
Please go away your time has pasted.
do you use the va? why not?
Exactly Potus is taking care of them now
But you sided with Obamacare traitor. When will you join your pal Ted Kennedy?
The POW is a fake Republican and do us a favor and switch to the Dems.  He is useless in helping Vets, Americans, and America.
You sir are no friend to our vets! Retire and leave our party please. The left are waiting with arms open wide!
Thank you for serving
John voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, hardly votes. voted 4 nafta & Obama bills.  John loves the media camera. Showboater.
Our bill
John you've been in politics 40 plus years - why haven't you done more for out vets???
He only talks about our Vets when he's up for reelection. When he wins, it's crickets.
Voted down raises for military and has the state with poor Va services!
I'm sorry Senator for your health problems and I hope you get well soon. BUT sir, you should retire from the Senate now!

Nope, looks like privatizing to us..we deserve better
Half the VETS you left behind in NAM then covered up along with the ones burned on your daddies ship deserved care! https://youtu.be/gPjOzzPgwA0?t=14 …
"Our bill"?  Laughable. You're a let in the @SenateGOP, why didn't you do something b4 now? For shame war hero, for shame.
and now it's OUR bill? Shame for taking credit
Yeah right, too bad about your ACA promise
Did you go to the VA for treatment?
Good work, Senator!  Wishing you a speedy recovery.  We need your grit in D.C.
Retire songbird!
McCain sides with Commies.
Physically wounded PRE9/11 #Vets deserve the #Caregiver Stipend that young Vets claiming PTSD receive
I've provided RN level care 38 Years
A legend in your own mind.  Look over there John! a camera- better run to get in front of it. Even better, it's your favorite,  CNN.
Taking points! You don't care about vets!
Thanks to potus for signing !
I really don't know what are you standing for. It seems like you are having personal problems with the POTUS. It's time to put it aside.
They certainly do, but all Americans do as well.
But the left attacks are Okie Dockie right?
Too bad they aren't afforded the same level of care as the DC royalty such as yourself.  Talk's cheap Senator, but that's your specialty
Thank you POTUS
You don't deserve it!
No thanks to the traitor McCain didn't need his vote & for 30 yrs he's been backstabbing Vets never did a dam thing for them took Trump to
Our Veterans deserve better healthcare than congress has.
Why are we stuck with one expensive Obamacare plan in Maricopa County AZ - because @SenJohnMcCain (D) failed us! @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
And we can thank Trump for that!
As glad as I am for all the help we can give vets, i can't really enjoy the news coming from you. Sad!
Time for u to retire or switch to the democratic party. U r no republican anymore
Vets support the POTUS, why don't you McCain?
I agree
Thank God for President Trump!
McCain u fucked the American hard working ppl. Karma babe karma
Says the songbird that should be on Obamacare.
Yes, but why do they need to keep control. They should act more like Medicare. Patience need the freedom to choose and V.A. should pay.
Wish you wanted the rest of the country to have flexible, quality care. #RepealObamaCare
Hey John McCain. Why did you support Nazis in the Ukraine?
Ok john. Are you going to give @POUTUS credit for that or not.
How great for our president to recognize and respond to this need!
Great. You will definitely create more wounded ones in pointless foreign conflicts.
Hey  John.. Why did that take so long?  What have you been doing for the last 3 dacades.???
Nothing took long. This is an extension of a program implemented under the previous administration.
You mean the program that was started by Obama. You forgot to mention that.
This works!  My 92 year old ww2 vet dad has utilized this and it had been a win win for him and his doctors and the system!
You didn't do anything for the bill. Replace ObamaCare #DoYourJob
Bannon, Trump and the GOP have steered America down a very dark road....

....and this is where that dark road ultimately leads....
who will be Bannon/Trump/GOPS first Anne Frank? Who will be their last?
U have been a senator for how long?? U didn't do anything for vets until Donald Trump became president.  So lame
Didn't see you go for treatment at the VA, guess the care isn't quality enough do you. #RINO
We are glad you are glad ..... dear god go away
No thanks to you Johnny-  where were you all those years? You just sat there secure and pretty- advocating for more war and casualties
This coming from a man who is the Senator which has the distinction of having the worst VA Hospital in the USA. Absolutely no creditability
Congress needs to stay out of the health Care system the American people will be better off.
Why don't you have the same health Care that all Americans have? I respect you but the American people deserve better

And where were you the last 30 years? Took POTUS to lite your tail feathers. Quit acting like it was your idea. Give credit where it's due.
Wow!  I can't believe President Trump did something right in your eyes.  Glad to see you are capable of commending him.
Thank you. RR- never one to mince his words.
do they deserve same healthcare as you?
Can they go to the Mayo Clinic like you?
Who doesn't deserve healthcare?
Our vets are older ( god bless them) we have bigger things going on... maybe elaborate on nazi's & Russia.
What about the rest of us now?
Mccain the bill sucks u would know if u used it ohh if u did u would still be waiting on care or stuck with the bill. I know im a vet
When will you denounce Svodoba @senjohnmccain ?
How about 134 sailors you murdered that would have been vets today that didn't get to have a life because of you. You got off cause of dad
Hey.. I have a great idea. REPEAL OBUMMERCARE! TAX CUTS!!
so do all Americans
Especially in Phoenix, ground zero for long wait times, yes it happened under your watch
Yea and so do all the other am. people. Too bad u screwed us all with ur vote not to repeal aca! Screw u mccain!
@Potus says "you're welcome". God knows you didn't do shit for all those years #VETS  suffered from your inaction.
When will you disavow this Svoboda Nazi you support in Ukraine? Hate much?
When does #IMPEACHMENT commence? Asking for MILLIONS of friends.
https://www.sott.net/article/272680-Ukraines-fascist-Neo-Nazi-color-revolution-backed-by-US …
When will you denounce this Nazi leader SVOBOTA?
And so does our country.

Yes, now get rid of Trump before he kills servicemen to deflect from the Russia investigation & increase poll #s
President Trump has done more to help us in 6 months than the senator has done in 30 years.
Speak for yourself, Wrench. He's done nothing for me.
You should have already done this!
That was good but I'm sorry he made those Vets stand there for 30min while he tried to decide how to speak about Nazis and not offend them
#Putinbot
We deserve a POTUS who is not a Natzi
Yes they do. Thk u also for standing ur ground with the ACA vote. Repeal/replace.. ridiculous. Sabotaging.. unAmerican. Improve..good sense
Our bill?Aren't these bills Americans bills?Our Presidents bill?Obama didn't care about our Vets. Trump does! His signature deserves credit!
Vets have had sh!t care under your watch 4 decades. Surrender your millions and get yourself on Obamacare - THEN tell people what they need.
Great!  Now fix healthcare. Time to void   Senate/Congress exemption to ACA . Live within laws they pass. (OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01)
Lots of choppy water. Thx Senator for your steady focus on what matters...serving others.
Just wonder John, when will YOU condemn and denounce Svoboda? #Ukraine #Racist
Many Vets don't agree that Vets Choice Program works.
Do you think soldiers should work in an environment that encourages rape by providing weaponized Viagra?
Go ahead, John, now say Thank You to the @POTUS Let's try to be nice!
John, every nation except the US believes ALL citizens deserve flexible, quality care in their communities!
Why is she rearing her ugly self?

Thanks to Trump Admin. You've betrayed vets for the last 30 years. Were where you when VA a mess. You're a traitor.
Actually it is an extension of a program started under the previous admin.
Could you please place the very accurate "D" beside your name?
Potus is helping veterans
Where can we mail our overpriced healthcare premiums that keep skyrocketing Senator? What's your address? You were so please with yourself.
John worry more about chemo and stop gumming up the works nobody cares anymore what you have to say. You're a saboteur and a RINO
Yes all Americans do
And we all deserve a better president.

Get crack-a-lacking!
I agree obama sucked!
Oh shove it John..let the adults work..u go for a walk in the desert
Senator, where is the Tax Reform Plan? Middle class needs and small business need a break. Thanks!!
Mr McCain: we need to be done with o care and you are killing us! Please pass legislation to end it now. Praying for your healing!
Great! Thank you! Can you get rid of Trump next? - asking for our Nation
1246 days to go.
Crazy you haven't said one fucking word about Heather Heyer and the hate that took place in Charlottesville. SHAMEFUL. U FAILED YOUR OATH
You realize not all vets can use these service's!Only if you where injured in service and can prove those injuries are causing a disability!
Thank you sir. As a vet I appreciate your veteran support. I do wish you had voted for the repeal and replace ACA it is important to us too
You have bigots in your party.
bigots on the left too
Wonderful news! Our veterans deserve all we can afford to give them.
Thank Trump to right?
Thank you Senator
Now start doing right by our president traitor
The POTUS deserves ur loyalty also, not words bemoaning him.
mccains loyalty is too his wallet

I think White Christian Males should be banned from this country until we figure out "What the hell is going on"!

Man arrested after attempt to detonate what he thought was explosives-laden van next to Oklahoma City bank, FBI says http://cbsn.ws/2vC8AKN  

THX SENATOR, MY HUSBAND DESERVES THIS AFTER BEING A PEACE KEEPER
Senator @SenJohnMcCain you are my hero...I hope you're doing better everyday. Godbless you Sir
I am astounded that you didn't ruin this also. It's infuriating knowing you are a vet.
Hope you and your family have a Blessed day! Hope we make America great again!
Vets do deserve the care promised them. Ideally all people deserve that same care as well.
So do the rest of us Americans, John.

Release the tapes Senator.
