With no answers.
How about you STAND UP for 800,000 AZ residents who are going to be charged $25,000/yr healthcare?? Find your spine, VOTE #CountryOverParty
People of both parties what u to do the right things. Put our country over party.
I watched, you appeared an absolute fool. Get all your info from a POTUS TRUMP hating lamestream media ='s you being past time to pasture up
Good the Democrats need help selling their false narrative and you have been only to happy to oblige. .....
Says a zero.
@realDonaldTrump did no wrong. He's working his ass off trying to move OUR party agenda and you republicans on the hill are fighting him.
I knew u would be one of the Guardians of the galaxy! Country over party.
Amazing how many times you get the chance to do the right thing.
You just had another chance with Comey and you sounded Trumpist. Amazing that life keeps giving you chances to do the right thing.
If you do tomorrow you need to do a better job than you did today!
I had to leave so someone could look at my house (it's for sale), and they didn't even show up!! #IMissedMcCain :(
Be a free man, not a prisoner of your party, be true to yourself
We like men who choose country over party.
It is time to get to the bottom of Trump-Russia
8 years of Obama gave away our dignity. PEOPLE like McCain has no dignity to lose. He lost that at the HANOI HILTON  in VIETNAM.
Please stand for the rule of law, I have faith in you.
Be careful who you put your faith in. A lot of swamp rats are in the pockets of Soros.
Be the hero, again @SenJohnMcCain
Ask a Vietnam Vet about this man being a hero. THEY named him the songbird of the Hanoi Hilton . Soldiers died because of this man.
I was trying to guilt him. Didn't work.
We say this again @SenJohnMcCain is a coward and a traitor to our country. He is complicit and defends the interest of Vladimir Putin.
I'll be show boating and grandstanding today.
Yes, but will you act to remove the traitor from the White House? You will be complicit in his obstruction if not. He is vile, pure & simple
TURN COAT FOR SOROS DOLLARS.
Please do. These and so many more think you are crazy. I guess it's b/c you don't dance to their music. Forge ahead, soldier.
Not a soldier. The SONGBIRD OF THE HANOI HILTON.  Ask a Vietnam vet about the songbird.
Be a patriot,  not a patsy!!! America needs a patriot more than EVER!  Our democracy hangs in the balance. The world & history are watching!
THEY were watching YEAR ago when McCain was going to be charged with treason and then all of a sudden he's a hero. Ask a Vietnam vet.
I confess, I don't know what you're referring to. ?
Don't hold back, sir!
That's right McCain. YOU didn't hold back at the HANOI HILTON.
This is the time Senator, to represent ALL of the people.
We need you to be a HERO again.  Please Sir!
Sorry, WE did not lose the country. It was given away over the past 8 years.
Made it clear that they are afraid to lose their jobs and pledge allegiance to @realDonaldTrump NOT Americans, independent commission yet?
Just another god dam lyin coward, hiding like a prisoner too afraid to go back up, hiding behind others as excuse not to do the right thing
No you didnt
You were like old guy yelling get off grass. It was important for Rosenstein to commit to not  Mueller. Harris was right, you wrong.
What is the idea, Sir. You haven't been doing a good job, looking to damage @realDonaldTrump , @CNN supports you, haven't you considered why
Support the American people.
Be fair; be courageous.  History will judge you.
Courageous, are you kidding me. He is a traitor to country and party. No honest bones in this man's body.
It's not an interesting time. We wake up afraid, thanks to you. Laugh all you want at America's expense. Cry for Americans. We suffer daily.
Coats, does Trump agenda perfectly. You are an embarrassment to U.S. No one will forget your cowardice & betrayal of our country.
Your words are unkind and unamerican.
Will u act as a democratic or a republican. John when are u going to look at the health bill quit acting like your. King nobody
Will u except the answer that they give u is the question
all you did was talk about #fakenews. You have betrayed every GOP voter and will go down in history as a failure
Ask the hard questions Sen.McCain.
This such an obvious witch hunt because they don't like the President. Pathetic and disgusting and you help it keep going.
too bad you won't get any answers.  This is an absolute dark time in America's history
They all stonewalled the committee, and the American people. They should resign now. Knowing of crime and not telling, is still a crime. Bad
Weak question don't lead to the truth but continued patriot leaks will. #DoYourJob and help save our Republic from Russia & 45 #teamtreason
Since you are the source of all the leaks to the press, why waste everyone's time asking questions at the hearing?
That is why there are leaks. Those are people think if it isn't public there will be NO LEGAL RESPONSE. Secrecy = Leaks. DO YOUR JOBS
I've had it with white men in suits thinking they can just do everything at their pace behind closed doors in the dark tell us never/maybe.
They blatantly stonewalled you.
Revised: questions in Russian so our comrades can understand. We're screwed and you're the driver.
YOU were sitting on the wrong side of the table!  The fact that you play up the @washingtonpost  says it all!
why would you try and manipulate? the washington post?! really who is there sources? Un named?!  #witchhunt
Was WaPo correct in 1999 about your lying to FCC? They had details. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/02/22/AR2008022202634.html …
Country over party! Get to the truth!
Saw you, and it was well done.  They repeated refused to discuss their conversations with POTUS in public.  Hopefully, you'll hear about it.
Thanks for your line of questions just now.  Orwellian seems a correct characterization of things.
UR such an embarrassment!Think UR such tough guy,reality is,NO honor!All U wanted was 2 B the big dog&U ARE NOT,NEVER have been or WILL BE!
POS
Make them tell the TRUTH. Don't let them side step! American deserves 2 know!

#JFK100
Ask the tough ones, Senator.
You do realize these Dems are you playing you, right ? They know you love the attention. Pick a side. Support our @POTUS or switch parties.
You are a traitor McCain! You once were honorable ..or so we thought. We now know you lack all honor! You are just a liar.
@senJohnMcCain  This is our country! We know that Coats said what has been stated.
So do you get your info frm Wash Post TABLOID B4 you ask ? in hearing this AM &read it 4 the record to establish guilt B4 hearing results?!
Coats will not answer. He is just going to dance along. Scamster! This is dishonest of him.
Hey McCain! When referring to Donald J. Trump show some respect!!! It's PRESIDENT TRUMP not "TRUMP". So sick of you career politicians LEAVE
Sir Leave Them alone Sir....
Why bother. Someone got to them. GOP & you sir are corrupt. History won't be kind to you & GOP. If anyone is left to write it. Waste of time
Someone needs to wake you up noe.
Sir, we need you to PLEASE put country over party. #GOPCoverup will not go down in history favorably. #HELP
@SenJohnMcCain is there a provision within 702 that leaves naturalized citizens more vulnerable to surveillance than birth right citizens?
Good luck   going no where
this should never be allowed to happen
what a joke...shut the woman up. and you don't have to answer yes or no. I seem to remember this happening before.
getting annoyed intel director say not appropriate 2 discuss trump conversation.Does he realize he works 4 the people & not Trump?
Senator, we need the truth. Keep going. No excuses.
Country over party, sir
And will you hold administration accountable for Obstruction of Justice? #Impeach
Go, John, go! Make then answer questions on nonclassified subjects
WHY does #jaredkushner still have top secret clearance? #Collusion #TrumpRussia
Please stick to topic of hearing and respect process! Congress is pressuring 4 people they respect to break rules about confidential info?
Please represent the American people and not the Republican Party.... we need to get to the bottom of this and retrieve our dignity!
McCain shouldn't be allowed to ask any questions. He is a disgrace to America when overseas being anti Trump!
Why bother? They're not saying anything worth hearing. GOP sure are spending a lot of money and wasting a lot of time on nothing!
Why? You are just going to ask about unmasking and leaks. This is not normal!
Stonewalled
You gonna cry when you don't hear any one say Trump colluded or pressured anyone
I am sure you will be weak and only support your party. You are all talk & have proven you put party before country! You should be ashamed!
Just another chance for you to try and take down the President for your own revenge. Screw what the people want
Answer this question. Did you fight and almost die in a filthy N Vietnam prison just to let GOP give this country to the Russians in 2017?
Cant wait!!!! We are counting on you to represent America!:) Thanks for all u do!
why? We don't believe you truly care about America any more. You'll protect trump at cost to us
A question to ask the collusion between Obama, Hillary, Podesta, & Soros with Russia
Please save us
Country before party.....
Hope your asking about Hillary as she was the leader of the pack
Please sir, ask the needed questions
Remember that we the people will be watching you and ALL the Republicans will you be Americans for your Country
I trust you Senator McCain. Stand for our Democracy. Stand.
Question 1: "What can you say that will help me singlehandedly impeach Trump? I REALLY need this..." Just guessing. Am I close?
We, your constituents, are watching. Oh, and no questions about duck-sized horses or horse-sized ducks - it just makes AZ look like idiots.
Country before party. We want the truth. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Hipe they are real question
Hopefully questions that matter like Trump Russia collusion or Trump obstruction of justice. Right now, we don't care about unmasking.
It is my fervent hope Senator that after this hearing you will once again rise like the hero you are and stop this madness
please please ask relevant questions to Trump/Comey issue. So tired of GOP focus on leaking. Concerned
There was a time when you were one of the few #Republicans I supported but now you flip-flop to much to be trusted. #TimeTRetire.
Priorities- this is 1st?  You want to take on 2 of the BRIC countries & their surrogates but still have time for sanctimony theater.
Our gov. spying on reg. Everyday ppl. Unconstitutional!! Yet Clinton sells 20%of U.S. uranium to Russia for personal gain & gets 0 trbl!?!
Why sore loser?
You going to ask for copies of all FISA search warrants concerning the Trump Campaign to be published publicly?
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @jaketapper What's your red line? Is there anything that Comey says that would lead you to back impeachment?
Is there anything that Coats and Rogers could say that would cause you to support impeachment of @realDonaldTrump?
Please do not confirm any Trump nominee to the FBI. He cannot be trusted to pick his investigator. Let the career staff run the place.
Here comes RINO @SenJohnMcCain asking questions to make @POTUS look bad instead of questions about unmasking & Dems-Russia connections.
Do the right thing for our country
Your first question gonna be "Why were Americans in the Trump transition team "Unmasked?" ...
I'm sure you will traitor.
You stood up in hh... We have to call on you again.  Pull no punches in 5 minutes of questions. Get meat #trumprussia  can handle & solve.
That's comforting to know.  You seem to be objective.
Country First, John.
The world is watching you. Do your moral and civic duty! Your character is on the line. Go big or go home.
For the love of all that is holy - please put country first!
About how Obama spied on American's and members of Congress?
History will view you as a true patriot!
Sure, you'll ask questions.  But then you and the rest of the GOP will turn your heads to the answers.   November 2018 isn't far off sir.
When Comey commits perjury will you stop hearing demand his arrest.  Does enforcement of law apply to current snd past swsmper s or just
Try not to make it obvious with softball questions. Be a Republican one time
Just ask the right questions.
John doesn't have a party.please ask the right questions
This time country over party, please
#sitdown  RINO
Senator McCain go where the answers lead w/ your follow ups w/o regard to how it affects Trump.
Will they be about Trump collusion/obstruction or will you choose party over country & ask about leaks?
Nope he is protecting 45 not the country!
Time to start using DJT language... the GOP is very, very bad. The party is protecting a little , lyin, crooked, low energy LOSER!
It's unbelievable, makes me sick.
I agree. I actually feel my stomach turn.
Seriously, I'm so ashamed of this government right now. It's pathetic.
Please ask the hard questions the world wants the answers to
So u ask questions about a setup? Do you secretly wish you could get an acting award?
Great Mr Swamp
Thx for not having dinner w Trump last night.
Please be the voice that matters! Not politics, not party... the voice that serves to keep our American values and the constitution first!
Why are Republicans actively encouraging the corruption from Trump? The downfalll of democracy? Why are YOU supporting him?
He is a blank check to so whatever they want. But even with their majority, they aren't successful in the parts that must be checked.
Can you please put partisanship aside for a bit and ask real questions to determine what happened, is happening, & how we can save our USA?
Man up this is your chance to shine and save whats left of GOP
Yeah well lets see what kind of question you ask. I'm skeptical. Also very worried that we've already lost the country.
Traitor
please be that maverick for us
Trump’s firing of Comey  scheme to obstruct justice, Trump replacing Comey with an FBI director of his choice would complete that scheme.
Don't pussyfoot
Let me guess, you are concerned with all the unmasking and leaking...
Good job. Sir, when you asked Coats about the WP story, he was lying to you. He was looking down and playing w/ his notes, guilty behavior.
Please be the grown up in the room.  Represent your country, not party. The USA deserves answers one way or another.
Thank you for hopefully establishing integrity into John McCain. Who knows what party he is really working for??!!
You are the only Republican with backbone - please save us all!
Remember the republican plan, its all about unmasking and leaks. Disregard the treasonous activities of the administration.
No one fucking cares!
history is watching you, Sir
And, so are we! Be the patriot we think you are!
Wake up
Ask the right ones!!! Be the Maverick you say you are!
Country over Party John!
Do your duty. Don't participate in the party line questioning of unmasking. That is not the story here.
LOL,  not at all. It is just a nonstory, and #TrumpRussia , and obstruction of justice is the story here. You sound worried about that.
Time will tell. Time will tell.
That isn't what they said. Investigation continues. Hearings underway. Time will tell. Feeling flattered that you are trolling me this AM.
