Are you a Democrat? I know your not a Republican!!!!
Tillerson was only appointed to broker a deal on Russian oil. Now he's scared he might have to do the job.
John you have lost your mind, and America knows it. You are a Dem hiding in the shadows.
He was bought and paid for by Soros. McCain doesn't care about the American people. He just wants to line his pockets.
Seek treatment at VA or ACA dr. we'll see how fast you start thing of Americans first. Be 1/2 the man U think u r.
#MAGA & back OUR @POTUS
When will Congress stop the shamble of this failing administration. Trump's dumping US into international irrelevancy. A has-been already.
Should we count you too among the traitors. No need to answer just putting YOU on the radar of future DOJ
Of course not, only those who will be indicted by the Special Prosecutor. (and their faithfools, of course)
We have a administration that is as scitiod as a person sitting in belveiw !
Get treatment stop tweeting you sealed your fate with your traitorous healthcare vote
You are despicable & the American people know your true colors. All your followers are Liberals b/c you SOLD OUT! Hope it was worth it.
Don't waste your breath. He is on his way out the door.
I gues you aren't talking about John McCain. He's not long for this world.
Damn. Lol
You lost all credibility a long time ago. Go with peace and retire.

McCain ... Tks for Ur military service now just retire before U make a bigger fool of Urself. Ur time has passed .... GO HOME!
You betrayed Americans. Again.
@WSJopinion U criticizing @POTUS admin just a RINO LIB! WTF! For 7+yrs ok 2 R&R #barrycare so now fix #barrycare? UrSick
Is this man real Secretary of State? ..is that job still exist  in Trump's presidency ? ..so far all about http://trump.one  man only
Ur confused, McCain. U sure throw a lot of rocks at fellow GOP. Y don't you declare ur LIBERALISM. I am sorry I ever voted for u in '08.
Just Don't do it again. Lol
McCain needs to retire asap & get sane person appointed for his remaining term!
@SenJohnMcCain R you still opposed 2 releasing all files and docs relating to Nam POW/MIA? What are you trying 2 hide after all these years?
DeClassify McCain's court martial, let AMERICA know her senator.
Senator, why don't you just fly over there and FIX everything? So quick to criticize everyone but yourself, and esp. your PARTY and ur Prez!
Traitor,you couldn't defeat a Jr. Senator AKA community activist & now you want pay back because @realDonaldTrump is what you NEVER will be!
Please take care of your health and retire. It's past time.
This guy has cancer in his brain. He's not well.
Just shut up and go away...#TRAITOR
Your a liar & a hypocrite!! U campaigned on repeal & replace in 2016! Why aren't u using the VA INSURANCE? U QUALIFY
As a therapist,one early lesson
All effective messaging must be consistent.
Mixed,unclear,confusing messages make
communication impossible
You sure they put that device in your brain in properly?
Ahhhh, I bet you thought you would be a much better choice for Sec. of State didn't you.
John, 

You're making yourself look stupid by kicking the guy you voted to confirm.

Signed,
America
You are succumbing to dementia. What party do you belong to again? Oh yeah, the party of Barry Soetoro and the OFA.
Please sir, stop trying to dictate foreign policy as if you are Sec of St or even the President. Focus on Bill of Rights and nothing more.
He's still po'd abt Trump saying "He got Caught" "He's no Hero, He's a Zero"! B/c he's a Swampster & Feels lft out. #TERMLIMITS 4 Swampstrs

McCain: Are you being blackmailed? Your Twitter feed reads like an unhinged lunatic. No joke. I hope your family steps in... https://twitter.com/senjohnmccain/status/893119234187964416 …
Listen to yourself.....

Coming from a real traitor !!!
What is your solution? You and your colleges have none
The #TrumpSwamp is going to get us all killed. Get these bumbling IDIOTS out of OUR White House!
Hello #SenatorTraitor -- You need to be repealed and replaced.
Wish you the best. Continue to stand up for the right things. You represent America well.
Yes John we know You want us in war all over the world. GOD speed on your cancer treatment that should be your focus today!
Bro, are you ok? You should take some time off. You sound crazy.
@SenJohnMcCain  you'll need to pick your battles  better.  Good luck bc we intend to #MAGA
You should of been terminated March 13, 1973! Or a traitor then and you're a traitor now.
Sen McCain U want unending sanctions against Russia. So what is YOUR demands? What do you want from Russia to end the Sanctions? Tell us!
I can remember a time when being in Congressman was a dignified post but you and many others in congress behave like immature children.
Ok songbird enough from you. Please switch to Democrat and stop pretending to be a Republican. You Soros puppet.
Literally turning into two face a comic book character. What a waste of all those years of service. #SAD
Aren't you dead yet?
Dementia.
Must read: John McCain backstabs American people on Repeal/Replace of OCare. Campaigned on it & betrayed pledge to do so.#UNAMERICAN #NOHERO
You too will be rooted. All of you. Your time comes.
America is consuming Washington, as it should be.
We will not be eliminated.
Has an Alien inhabitated John McCain?
McCain, Take off the tin foil hat. The reception is better
Yeah I think Tillerson may be a bit too accommodating and genteel. We don't need that . Time for @IngrahamAngle. She would be amazing.
Special election.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO AMERICA & A NATIONAL EMBARRASSMENT
America will be a better place when you are gone
You WILL be voted OUT
Wow
He's just another rich, white, confused, traitorous, evil, OLD MAN!!!
I think ur tumor has gotten the better of u.
You must begin to realize that you are not functioning. Time to step aside.
Just retire.
I have two words for the McCain family
Baker
Act
creep
Has the  tumor eaten wha little brain matter is left??

Trump gets rock-star welcome in W. Virginia / Same state where #Hildebeest gleefully vowed to put miners out of work http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/03/trump-gets-rock-star-welcome-in-w-virginia-ahead-very-big-announcement.html …
it's amazing how critical you are when you didn't say a word or stand up for #Arizona for 8 years! #retirement
Retire you old crooked democrat
MCCain is an idiot.
Amen
MCCain is an idiot.
TRAITOR!!!!!!!!!!!!
Retire and go away now! You've done enough damage to our country for CENTURIES#TermLimits
Your Trump hatred is tiresome!  #MAGA No more wars, Johnny!
I strongly urge you to ask Doctor for some Namenda! Your cognitive loss is ASTONISHING & U need some help NOW! Seek Neurological help now!
Pound Sand, Cir. Retirement sounds nice

John I seriously think that tumor is still in your head. Please go back to the Dr. as soon as possible before you turn into a full dem.
Mustn't take pain meds with scotch and tweet.
You're still working against America,and jealous because Trump was elected,and thank God you weren't!!
#SongbirdMcCain #CanaryJohn
You're undergoing chemo for brain cancer. It's probably not useful for you to participate in politics,Doubt you're allowed to sign contracts
John McCain's still alive damn...
#SongBirdMcCain 
YoUTube has many video's of guys
#McCain served with
Anyone wanting to know more about one of our Senators
worth the look
Tho a War Hero you may be, 
Your sellout ass ain't S*** to me!
You're a traitor.
Are you tweeting between radiation treatments? You are the confused one and it will get worse. I tried to feel bad for u
Knock knock knock on heavens door....
Right!! Who needs peace and civility, not @SenJohnMcCain...bomb bomb bomb...bomb-bomb Iran  Warmonger!
He drinks the koolaid.
Is that how you forgot, how to be a traitor?
Why don't you do your job. You are only working for Democrat Obstructionist. I never got 6 weeks of vacation. Gov is a JOKE
This is a glimpse into the traitors past. 
http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-death-bed-secret-just-came-killed-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/amp/ …
Grumpy old man mccain still pissed off he lost the presidential election to Barry Sotero. Get over it John!
@SenJohnMcCain didn't you offer a lot of "happy talk"  when you met with Syrian terrorists in 2013?
You're legacy is already a disaster.
Keep talking 'cause it CAN get worse.
You will never be anything but a traitor from Vietnam to Senate.
It's time for you to step down and retire you are a embarrassment
Will you just go away TRAITOR
Where was ur complaints last 8 years u lib in disguise u need just shut it we are tired ur lies skeletons are coming for you
No psycho McCain we're not going to war with Russia. Retire you're done.
The brain cancer that McCain affects his thinking which was questionable to begin with
John, go heal somewhere. You've clearly lost control of your faculties.
you old man
Ok I get it you don't like trump or anyone in his administration

been in bed w Soros for years and taken campaign $ from his many evil groups
Please take your meds followed by a nap.
exactly what I've thought for years.
Arizona @SenJohnMcCain, suffering a fatal disease, riding the first bomb of the last days; his symbolic "middle finger" to all the world.
Spoken like a true traitor, seriously you are so transparent with your disdain for our country. Thought you were a hero, not now sir 
Well at least he hasn't sold out his country to extract his pound of flesh...
Brain trauma results in cognitive loss, I suggest U seek neurological cognitive training at Barrows since your wife is so rich-U NEED it
Wall street journal is biased!
McCain is senile demented
Simple carrot and stick approach-never Trumpers and traitors are the deranged/unhinged ones
He's a lot closer to the WH and foreign policy making than you ever were...sooooo....let those that care about the US do the work!
Yikes, your twitter feed has become the- crazy, conspiracist, masters of law and constitution and unicorns- melting pot.

McCain is a coward. Seriously. Someone owns that POS; question is, who?
“It was not well to drive men into final corners; at those moments they could all develop teeth and claws.” 
― Stephen Crane,
McCain's outburst show me he knows it's getting close to him being exposed along with others who sought to overthrow our country. #Busted
You're the one confused, cant even remember which party you work for.

The cabinet does not have a f'n clue what Trump will do: Trump himself is devoid of a strategy.
.Tillerson is essentially clueless. Really unfit for extremely important position.
Are believing what you read in the @WSJ? Hmm
Said Sen John McAssclown
So why did the @GOP deliberately and irresponsibly approve all these IDIOTS who are not qualified to do their jobs? America pays the price.
Well we ain't send a plane load of money to Iran yet or guns to Mexico so give them some time shit stains to get to democrat standards
darn it senator, we need you back ASAP
I really am perplexed by Secretary Tillerson. I'm not sure he is looking out for the best interests of our country or the State Department.
Welp...you voted to confirm him.
The Chinese presented Trump with emoluments, and expect him to obey. The @GOP is complicit.
not true he did not violate the emolument clause.There is no obey to Chinese http://either.Gop  has nothing to do with this lie
It is not a lie. Trump did violate the law. Prison soon.
emoluments clause does not pertain to elected officials.
Oh, right. I forgot. I hope someone reminds Mueller.
Cut it out John, cause trouble where it's needed not here. I think there can be a dual reality.
Please please help America and stand up to these bafouns in the WH. We are in jeopardy of starting WW3 with Trump and his advisors
He's out of his league
Says the songbird that should be on Obamacare.
Because Tillerson has zero idea wtf he's doing... None... Zero.... He got his tax deferred.... Mission accomplished
This is your party to blame
When will you go away
He's no Sec of State.
BS
the view from the soon-to-be businessman-AGAIN is biz-as-usual
#PetrolPutin #PutinPetrol #OleoGarks #Oligarchs #NepotismsPuppetsPartyOfChina
Naive nattering. Where did rocket tech come from? China? Or Putin? China's strategy always been balance of terror. Brinksmanship is juvenile
That's the problem w/ our elected officials Instead of really thinking what's best for the American ppl they vote strictly on party lines.
I'm sorry, it's a must read cause it take away how you screwed us on "health insurance"? We are hurting, oh that's right, YOU don't pay!
I may not always agree w/ Sen. McCains views, but he is a man with integrity and is NOT afraid to do the right thing; regardless of party!
Says a liberal every time McCain "crosses the aisle". When running for potus - nah not so much.  Then he was just a typical lying republican
How do you know? You don't know anything about me. I vote for the candidates who I think will best serve the American People.  Not party!
Exxon/Mobil is trying to get into China
He only there to finish the oil deal..only thing he knows

Tillerson doing just fine, your help is not needed in that arena. Russia, Afghan, N Korea is all you think about. You must like conflict.
John why did you vote to confirm this baby with Happy talks?

#BabyRex
To the person that is working #BitterJohn Twitter acct., Please stop now, your ignorance is deafening.
We need face-to-face meeting with NK. Only pre-condition is US agrees to no regime change to set the stage.
Maybe he never understood how China jumped into the Korean War & the misery the North Koreans are living in, hidden behind an iron curtain!
Is it possible to listen confused North Korea for South Korea?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, glad to know someone is paying attention to the problems at State dept!
Anyone that is patriotic as opposed to a dangerous version of nationalism is going to be lambasted by a small yet loud cult. McCain=Patriot.
The only happy talk we want to hear is you're going to retire
Why are you so hostile to your own party?
SAY WHAT?
NO ALLIES? 
So now Trump want china involved?
Good luck with that
Shut up, RINO. #hypocrite #liar #untrustworthy #tarnished
