Retire!!.. You've hurt the country
And you always want to send more to their deaths
Wish u would publicly offer prayers 2 the families of autistic kids forced 2 enlist then raped, their lives end in murder/suicide, help them
Sen McCain I hope u r doing well. My thoughts & prayers r w u & ur family! I  watch my bro go thru this & it's rough, but we r fighting.

makes me sad to see their handsome faces so young
Why didn't you try to help the Vietnam Vets? You know they hate you don't you?
Yeah they were the REAL heroes unlike some people. #MAGA

These two were real patriots. Not like the racists in #Charlotteville btw. SPC Harris's funeral was today.
Praying for their families.

President Obama really feels the pain of the families & the rest of the GoldStar families when they've paid the ultimate sacrifice not Trump
more blood on your hands!!!!
God bless Christopher & Jonathon. We send our Prayers to the families of these great American Heroes.
Well at least you got some kick backs from opium / herion operation
This is real news! Heartfelt prayers for all who knew them.
Prayers for the families who are in mourning, thankful to all who serve our country and make great sacrifices for freedom 
I must repeat myself...Man, I wish you were President instead of a man whom I belive to be engaged in espionage against his own country.
All the wars you advocate You have a lo a lot of blood on your hands McCain
Thank you for your respectful words on this tragic loss. Obviously it did not impact the President in the least.
Thx for the push to remember our fallen. The ultimate sacrifice for freedom
What's the plan in Afghanistan? It isn't a war as much as a half-assed occupation...Unfair to our young soldiers....
U lied john
Thank you McCain. Too bad the So called Pres can't do his job . Picking up after him is like babysitting.
Their lives were not lost. They sacrificed their lives for us & they will not be forgotten. Rest in peace brothers!
Bless you. Haven't heard a thing from Trump
How do you thank someone for giving their life for freedom? Bless you both and your families for the ultimate sacrifice.
Welcome home family  SGT HUNTER  may you  rest in peace also  SPC HARRIS
REST IN PEACE SPC HARRIS AND SGT HUNTER. Your sacrifices will not be forgotten.
Spc Harris was from my local area; wife expecting first baby. These heroes were both so young.  Very sad.  
These are the real hero's not someone who  crashed all the planes they flew, got captured and sang like a bird. Lucky we did not hang you.
Those guys families should thank you Senator for the death of their loved once. Died in vain on your orders
So sorry 
Rest in peace brother
Prayers for their families God Bless
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Godspeed, dear ones.
ONLY SAW ONE
NOW ANOTHER 
PRAYERS,ALSO TO BOTH FAMILIES
ANOTHER FLAG FLIES FOR BOTH,, 2 THIS WEEK!
MCandyCain always ready to pander, but such is the way of the traitor.
God bless the families and a special thanks for their ultimate sacrifice to our country
Thank you sir for mentioning this since our moron of a president can't be bothered. Your integrity is fantastic. Hope you're feeling OK
Send your kids to Russia front A Hole
God Bless these men n their families Thank you for your service!
much love to the Harris and Hunter families. The entire country grieves with you.
Rest in peace brave soldiers.
So very sad to...deepest sympathies for family and friends..too young
Heart bleeds to see them die so young. 16 years of losing such men and no result cause we are betting on the wrong leadership in Afghanistan
Afghan leadership r ex-war lords with blood stained hands & a shady past, young American lives are being lost to protect these crooks
U JMc prob acknowledged the 15 USMC & 1 Navy men that died in crash 7/10/17. Only tweet from POTUS. Funerals/Arlington in Aug.  PL honor!!
What did you do for this man?
You gave ISIS weapons which in return is used on our Troops.  You have blood on ur hands and tweeting will not change that.
. Such a senseless loss.
Hero?
Do you realize that you're not the POTUS sometimes I wonder who the hell you think you are other than an obstructionist stepping toes
Why?
Hasta cuando nuestra esperanza se tienen que morir tan lejos.
Draft Dodger Trump hasn't said a word about them. I pray they are with Jesus.
30 Years of Dishonorable wars initiated by the Satanists in the District of Criminals

Amen RIP
May they rest in eternal peace & their families find comfort in their memories. Thank you for your service & sacrifice #foreveryoung
Thank you
WHEN IS ENOUGH ENOUGH?..PRAYERS WILL NOT BRING THEM BACK
Heartbreaking 
killed guarding your heroin fields destined for American citizens. Your going to answer to God for this.Enjoy your brain karma,sold out USA
Amen.
RIP our Heroes. And thank you for your service.
@Tmgneff Prayers of Comfort and Peace for their Family and Friends and a sincere word of Thanks and Gratitude for their Coura
Courage and so many others just like them

why has not President spoken about these brave men? To busy holding a reelection rally after being 6 months in office. Raising money 4 who
Another reelection today? Made big dollars at his Gov hotel/DC. Campaign $ can be used for personal lawyers. Many $ needed for Him/His
Not a single word from trump! Thank you
Puh-lease like u care! Ur a Traitor & u clearly dislike President Trump going against him evry chance u get. Red carpet in Hell waiting 4 u
And YOU want more troops?  Absolutely NOT
Thank you Sen McCain for rememberin 2 brave soldiers Spc Harris & Sgt Hunter. Bless their heartsand thoughts to family & friends.
You don't really care because if you did you would have fixed the VA years ago instead of just showing up for the press conferences

and we're pulling out - WHY?   NEVA  @SenJohnMcCain LISTEN to your constituents - not your daughter !
Were they killed by the Islamists you hired with tax-payers dollars? #Warmonger
Amen.
I feel sure that their loved ones know them both as something other than just "warriors".
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain.   POTUS never mentiokn 16 killed in airline crash or 7 naval servicemen nor were flags lowered in honor sad..
And he lives,the vets.  Yeah ok.
he is a fake.  snowbird
Leona who is McCain or Trump.?  I sure hope you don't mean the,war hero McCain.
You pray for him when they die. But when they need your assistance and they're alive you abandon them
exactly..
.We are grateful for the service of these two brave Heros and mourn their loss. Praying for family & loved ones.
Rest in peace Soldiers. Thank you for your service. Dios los Bendiga. My condolences to your family.
Yes, they were beautiful warriors.  God help their loved ones now.
“Do you know why Chelsea Clinton is so ugly? Because Janet Reno is her father"
-John McCain 

The only good thing you've ever said, rat.
We all join you Sir. To the families and friends of very brave men and women we all pray for you.
War-what is it good for!  Absolutely Nothing!
...but the people who supplied their weapons, ammunition etc. are still alive, rolling in dough. Stop the war = stop the profits.

Not one word from Trump, to these families deep condolences, these men r PATRIOTS we honor thm and ur families for their sacrifice.
Thank you to for your service& for protecting us with your lives. Thank you is all I can offer for your sacrifice. It is not enough. RIP

Lord console their families in the name of Jesus the Christ Amen
this breaks my ... remember All Gave Some , Some Gave All .. this American is proud for their service
Some gave all and some hung out in a bamboo cage then came home to betray their country.McStain is a traitor.
Not a word from that pig @realDonaldTrump Thank you Senator.
Died in one of your wars John. Sleep well at night.

I beg the US Admn not to follow in footsteps of failed Obama Admn policies for Afghanistan. There are ways to bring peace. Talk to us pls.
I extend my deepest condolences and our people's gratitude to the families of these two heros.  May their souls rest in peace.

Send our troops home so this tragedy doesn't continue for another decade.
Thank you them, their families and loved ones for their service and sacrifice. May they Rest in Peace. Condolences to their families.
Support President TRUMP
My Airborne Brothers-in-Arms. I salute you. ALL THE WAY
May their souls rest in peace.  It is time for a complete overhaul of US policy in Afgh. US must look to tribes to secure nation as before.

Жалко парней...ещё два американца погибли в борьбе с выращенным американцами терроризмом...
It is the duty of politicians to make the sacrifice of the military meaningful. Complex, but win or step back.
Russia is a military sponsor of Taliban, yet our @POTUS wants to make friends with Putin - what's right with this picture, Senator?
Neighbours of Afgh are concerned about ISIS encroachment. US must look to Afgh tribes to cooperate in defending the nation. It is a must.
RIP BROTHERS OF THE MILITARY!!!! Not be forgotten!!
Thank you for your sacrifice
The BEST of America.   Gone much too soon.  Heartbreaking. Thoughts & supportto their loved ones.  
Not a word from our potus. thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Henry Kissinger — 'Military men are just dumb , stupid animals to be used as pawns in foreign policy.'
Hay BOMB MC SHAME, DON'T act like you care!
The few, the brave. God bless them.
FAIR WINDS AND FOLLOWING SEAS. TO OUR FALLEN BROTHERS  THIS WE'LL DEFEND.  HOOHAAH!
As @realDonaldTrump retweets a Bot account attacking Republican Senators
Da
God Bless them and their Family and their Unit
No word from trump. Thank you Senator. Bless you.
Snowflake
Bless them.
Appreciate you reminding us of their service. Praying also that this "longest war" will finally come to a conclusion.
... the "War" is not meant to be "won"... It's about creating army bases in the Middle East to control the oil.
... 17 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 we're from Saudi Arabia dipshit McCain invades Afghanistan.
We've been there a long time & lost much. Either it's time to leave or restrategize.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THOSE PEOPLE


McCain has been murdering people by proxy for profit for years.
MCCain hid the lives of Vietnam men and no one can open the files because his father saved his butt. His father was a joke, as well.
RIP, soldiers.
RIP warriors, RIP
God be with their families.  Rest In Peace, heroes.
... You sent them into that disaster hell hole.. Completely unconstitutional... No actual declaration of war.
Fighting terrorism can not be won in the battle field alone Senator, it needs more than that @ u know it !!
Terrorism is a business & you guys need 2 close the Central Bank in #Qatar 2 starve the beast ..
... Need to close down Saudi Arabia
Bring the home John, ALL of them, Afghan will never be a win...terrorism will continue, but lets fight it on our homefront not abroad
Replace the General!!!  We need Patton back!
Afghanistan:  last 2 administrations left us a mess.  FYI @POTUS Mr. Trump was not in office while you all were doing what?  Own it.
Crickets from Trump...
I do not believe that you really care!
Is this what winning looks like?
