YOU ARE A TRAITOR.  RESIGN.
I TRULY HOPE THAT TOTAL OVERHAUL WILL TAKE PLACE AS VETERANS LIVES ARE DEPENDENT ON IT!
WHERE INTEGRITY AND TRUST IS RESTORED
choice card sshh change pay scales to recruit the best and they stay. Sick of good docs leaving all the time
I look forward to you to preserve our democracy!  Follow the lead of Senators Collins and Murkowski. @SenatorCollins
Great to see this program getting the attention that it needs @SenJohnMcCain while working for better solutions for Veterans.
Yes but please don't vote to confirm Betsy DeVos. Vote your conscience not your party. She is grossly unqualified. #OneVote
WHERE WERE YOU GUYS WHST ACTION WAS TAKEN WHEN OUR VETS DECOMPOSED IN MORGUES AND NURSES AT VA CAUSED MAGGOTS IN WOUNDS
Your tweet proves how important education is.  Vote "no" on DeVos.
Please stand with your republican colleagues from Alaska and Maine. Do the right thing: vote no to DeVos.
Only if they go to hospitals that Tom Price owns stock in!!!!
You realize that Sessions will never stand independent of the WH. It will be "yes sir how high sir. Vote no!
No on DeVos. She will destroy our schools. Look at what she has done in Michigan. No on Pruitt! Find your spine!
@BostonP0P choice program is a slow process, been waiting since Oct #DisabledCombatveteran  #SeatedNOTDefeated
where were you when we needed you to stand up for public education?
. @SenJohnMcCain the choice program is wildly successful here in Louisiana. However, I'm still worried about VBA privatization and freeze.
An credibly important benefit for Vets, especially in smaller cities, towns...Thank you! The Few the Proud, Women Marines
Now, could you please stand up for education.  You would not want unqualified person leading our veterans? Why Devos then?
WAKE UP. TRUMP IS EITHER BAT SHIT CRAZY OR THERE IS A GOLDEN SHOWER TAPE. NO OTHER EXPLANATION.
Don't vote for DeVos. She is not qualified. I expected you to do the right thing.
please senator to the right thing for our kids. Vote no on edu  sec. Be on the right side of history.
Dr. Shulkin is a marvelous choice.  Please rethink your support of Devos she is not qualified
Please stand up to #PresidentBannon, this from a fellow Vet and non-libby.
You are as evil as Trump.  You're just pretending to be 'American."
Why does it take years for an Appeals? Over 5 yrs for a decision, that's efficient?
As though you have been helping and standing up for veterans....
this guy is THE Silver Lining in all this mess. as RN for the VA, I am feeling hopeful about this one appt.
Please show us the maverick you are and say NO to DeVos! You know she is wrong for education! Pls think of our children!!
ok.
Do not vote for DeVos. She is grossly unqualified for the position. Show some courage & do the right thing.
With so many women in the military you owe it to them to reject  Gorsuch. You must not waiver.
take the high road vote no on Devos.
vote no to devos! Do the right thing!
right, but what about the nazi anarchist in the white house?
Okay but- HELP!! The new Prez can't handle the pressure- and he is SCARING people!
Vets deserve the best of care!
Please senator McCain...vote NO for DeVos.
She is unqualified.  She has always worked against public education.  Unqualified.
Rescind the Muslim ban
agree. Sometimes I don't agree with you but vets need best choices.
yes just like the VA hospital in Phoenix?
The choice card really does not work Senator McCain you need to take a good look at it and talk to a few vets it does not wor
PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR DeVos. She doesn't think special ed kids should be in school. PLEASE VOTE NO!!!
I hope you guys will also support rescheduling MDMA for PTSD treatment to help curb the suicide epidemic #forourvets
NICE- LA DI DA LA DI DA WHAT BECAME OF YOU MC CAIN?? GENUINE HERO & NOW-JUST A YES MAN TO KEEP YOUR JOB!!  PERPLEXING!!????
Why have you stopped investigating Trumps ties with Putin
@REBECCACRAMER5 Proof how out of touch you are with veterans, takes me longer to see a Doctor now.  Takes 2 months now!SHAME!
No thanks to Choice progam,HORRIBLE, it takes 30 days for VA to turn over,30 MORE days for Choice to work it
wht a Republican you will work with. WOW
put more sanction vs putin, help Ukraine!
please for the love of the integrity of the children of the country vote against DeVos
Reaping the thanks from all of your liberal friends now, gotta pick sides and stick with it 894/899.
You & Graham need to get sit down & shut up. If you can't support & respect American & our choice then switch over 2 Dems.
You are part of the problem.
@Chiro11Peter Yeah, right. Nothing your for is good for the vets and the country. Clown Schumer will give you your orders.
Understanding, SENATOR
, lol I love seeing the dnc trolls rip you,
The POTUS is compromised by Russia.
thank you! Please help our veterans and please get them off alcohol and additive drugs. They don't belong on the streets.
The VA is a cesspool and I dread going, do u feel like that about your docs? Vets shouldn't feel intimidated by their docs!
privatize the VA.. My husband is in the sys. The choice card is not any better in practice.
no thanks. We will not let people profit off of our veterans
the VA will give bonuses to people who lie,cheat & steal
so why would you transfer the power you have to fix that over to a group of people who'll do the same
it is not fixed yet & it's been years. Can fire govt employees, can't sue the govt.
you can sue the govt, and whether you win or lose won't matter because the issue will be addressed
I actually thought you had enough spine to stand up to Trump trough this unconstitutional mess. I was wrong. SAD!
Putin says TY for allowing Tillerson & Trump lift sanctions. Ukraine is under attack & you allow Traitors agst USA to rule.
.@SenJohnMcCain Congrats on the Russian agent you put in the State Dept.

Btw, have you seen the news out of Ukraine?

Coward.
If every body was sent afraid of Trump and stand up for what is right study the law make a difference @SenJohnMcCain PaulRyan
I think they are afraid to not get voted for in 2 yrs #cowards #corrupt
our vets should want for nothing
He is one of very few Trump Cabinet nominees that I don't have a problem with.
yet not one question was asked about providing care to female veterans. Women are vets too!
Just figure out how to make the VA work. Tired of seeing our vets pushed to the side and not helped & staying sick b/c of it
