Please tell Dr. Liu's family that he was greatly admired by people all over the world for his bravery & sacrifice.
Yeah, your leader, Trump, just publicly praised the Chinese Govt on the day Xiaobo died.

Bet you are "concerned" but won't do anything.
What about the human rights of POWs you helped keep in captivity-do you ever give them a thought-what if u had been abandoned in captivity
But u gave up secrets didn't u! Embarrassed your family !
Senator, step down. Your a fraud.  We all know. The dopes that don't should seek professional help, however, your well past that one.
We all like to think we'd stand up for our values no matter what
Senator McCain, when will you value country over party??
He won't. It's very clear. He's lost all honor. Shame.
He quit maverickin' since it's not an election year. He's back to serving his masters...
Yep.
Your dumb ball party leader in the White House admires China and his buddy Vlad. We're waiting for you to stand up to him!
Well said, Senator !
Go back under sedation McCain
Please research the number of Americans in prison vs those in Chinese prisons per 100,000 people.  Our prison system needs reform NOW!
As have u, Sen! Can't give aid to EnemyTrump-Not now! The few good ones of u left must pull together.Stop maniac-Save R Party/Democracy!!'
At least someone said something.  I'm thankful for at least this.
Where was Congress when cld have said sthg effective while Liu was alive?Praise now sounds like crocodile tears.Congress just let him die.
U sent someone 2 pick up gossipy dossier on Trump & then gave it to FBI. U, sir, bear false witness. The dirt u intend 4 others will bury u.
What do you call death of veterans in AZ VA you were supposedly involved in oversight. What do those deaths represent to you and swamp team
Is it egregious as taking HEALTHCARE away from millions of Americans?
Trump is right he can go to 5th Ave and kill somebody&get away with it-GOP will do ANYTHING to promote white racist climate!!
John are U calling for us to bomb China? Is Trump to soft on China?
We may not agree on political issues, but one cannot disputes Senator McCain is a great American.
How can you (rightly) have compassion for those suffering human rights violations in other countries & also support Tr*mp? Contradictory
He's a sell out
Bet Trump won't pardon him
Senator War Hero, why don't you just focus on the American prison system. Fix our problems first.
hahahaha
Talk is cheap. Starting opposing the outrageous deeds in US by Trump and his minions.  Show thru votes & actions your integrity.
Thank you for speaking out.
Retire MCCAIN we all know your a sell out to Soros
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan concerned human rights violation,though express condolences passing Liu Xiaobo's ,he was great..
"Bulgaria - Silk Way Airlines - Diplomatic Immunity"
How about the citizens of the USA
Resign.
Tragic. @realDonaldTrump needs to be forced out.

ANALYSIS: If Trump Jr. Committed a Crime, So Did McCain When He Sought Dirt From Foreign Spy http://bit.ly/2uWDvAM  via @colinkalmbacher
If you ask Trump, the one party system in China is great and he never heard of Nobel laureate Xiaobo who was tragically jailed & tortured
This is true but really are you really surprised that #45 doesn't understand this! Come on
I guess "tweeting" is tought talk for you. All words. ZERO action. Complicit.
Our Gov't can't even parrot a consistent world view, as McC rejects human rights violations while Pres embraces biggest violators. #LiuXia
shut up ....no more lips service...go sit at Pres. Putins feet
Unfortunately that's what happens in a authoritarian state. That's why many of us are so concerned with the direction of our  country.
you do NOTHING about egregious situtations here at home- like a POTUS who owes his allegiance to Russia. disgusting.
This is very sad, a loss for us all.. condolences to his loved ones.
Your party is aiding & abetting a criminal.The DOJ refuses to give House Dems docs & Sessions is a liar. This is an obstruction. PUT US 1st
Your President just praised Xi. Spare us your self-righteous tweets. Stop being useless.
Liked your tweet bc I couldn't agree more, but can't u acknowledge Trump praising Chinese gov't on day of Xiaobo's death in prison is #sad?
How hypocrite to praise Xiaobo and keep supporting the orange clown, SAD! #MAGA Morons Are Governing America! SAD! #Resist!
I wish @POTUS didn't dismantle human rights branch of the state department
Will we see a future Xiaobo’s Act ?
Let me guess....you're troubled by it?
Agreed. May he rest in peace.
So you care about human rights now?
Sanctions against China!  No more Trump deals that give his family Trademarks!
Very sad!  @Xijingping -horrible disappointing Xi would not release him for medical care knowing he was dying. What kind of person is Xi?
U should spend more time trying 2 make America great again! Take care of your own house be4U try2 fix other countrys. UhaveYprioritysmixedup
Your president expects Xi to control North Korea, the truth is he is turning China to North Korea
U always talk well,& rarely walk the way u talk. U will vote 4 ACA repeal & fall in line like a little soldier,u don't care about Arizonians
#USA rectal feeds prisoners it's detained without charge in a military prison leased from a totalitarian state #priorities
Maybe you could shed some light on Fusion GPS like any patriotic American would do
So let's get tough on China like Russia! Won't happen
This is your party line
Trump: "It's very standard, where they have information and you take the information." https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/885546558246334464 …
How do you feel about Trump Jr.'s enthusiastic collusion with Russia to undermine the integrity of the election?
Here is the evidence of #TrumpRussia collusion @realDonaldTrump https://twitter.com/mrsn_34/status/884753060928655360/photo/1pic.twitter.com/CHkT8T4Ei3 
