John McCain is a lying, war mongering traitor.
Chris    Patriotism is not just about kissing Trumps ass you know.. I'd suggest you change your profile to "tacit-anarchist" instead..
No Patriotism is taking back those awful mandates. If Macain won't do well just vote him our
You're less interested in promoting mandates that help the USA and more interested in being anti-Democractic. @SenJohnMcCain has more sense
I HAVE WORRKED 30 YEARS IN INSURANCE---MY DAD BEFORE ME 25 YRS 55 YRS OF EXPERIENCE --- OBAMA CARE IS TO INSURANCE WHAT 9-11-01 WAS TO NY!
Sounds like something ignorant that the NRA would have said after a mass school shooting.. 
DO YOU KNOW WHATS DISGUSTING ALL YOU DEMOCRAT LIBERALS DO IS LIE, CHEAT, STEAL, KILL, & DESTROY ALL THE SCHOOL SHOOTERS WERE DEMOCRATS !
Yup better gun laws and a single payer healthcare system is far from hatred.. It's what the USA needs... 
Not orchestrated? What idiot believes that? Look where he went right after as a symbol who he stands with. Chuck schumer
i guess to pefrer over 100% increase for the people of your state
Why are you selling out on GOP? Why aren't you representing your constituents? I defended those that called you Rhino. Now, I'm not sure.
So wrong Az Healthcare up 116% last yr YOU LIED TO GET ELECTED Remember this? https://youtu.be/-eWEsv4-Vac  & this https://youtu.be/Uv_UBUmqUGA  WE DO
JM- IT'S IMPOSSIBLE 4-U TO BE EFFECTED BY YOUR DECISIONS AS WE ARE-MY OWN WIFE OF 24 YRS HAS BREAST LUMPS, WE LOST OUR INSURANCE-MY REALITY
FAKE AMERICAN ANY SEN W/ THIS MANY YEARS IN OFFICE/ & BACK STABBING GOP VOTERS..& AN EGO THIS EVIL KEEPS A REAL SERVANT FROM RESIGNING !
Thank you for voting no, Senator McCain.
Goes to all who back the POS McCain,what he did or didn't actually do in http://military.You  should burn it cause your not a hero to USA
Why don't you get back to "not reading" or whatever else you mouthbreathers do, and leave politics to the literate. Sen. McCain is a HERO.
Sure thing Ajitdp, whatever he once was is long gone.
I didn't realize casting an unpopular vote abrogates one's service to his country. McCain has shown courage both on and off the battlefield.
Too bad you get Cadillac Medical! If you had Obuma crap, as out of his own mouth... you would get a pain pill! You have lost your mind!
Thank you Senator McCain! You saved my Healthcare!  I can breathe a sigh of relief. The ACA can be tweaked - not revoked!
You guys are too dam close to SoCal.
2 traitors to the Constitution and the Country, they should be tried for Treason
Oh, it was easy enough. You don't have to live w/ACA, you'd do anything to stick it to President Trump, & this is your last term.
Repeal healthcare, I am a hardworking taxpayer and have no health insurance because I did not get/pay the first premium bill no insuance!!
You're not right for Arizona, or the USA!!
JM - you were always a hero to me and my family, now you are a Hero for democracy!
So rather than get rid of the mandates, you want Arizonans to keep paying 120% higher premiums
Wasn't right for the country either. What ever happened to "by the ppl for the ppl" All that secrecy no honesty nothing above board.
like how Obamacare was passed,"have to pass it to see what's in it" SMH in disbelief, the ignorance is strong with this one
McCain isn't right for Arizona
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for this vote!
@SenJohnMcCain McCain wants 2stand in the Presidents way & then gloat about it. I am beyond disgusted, try 2 B4 ur people,not U!!
What the hell do you care about Arizona? You think you're special because you don't use Obama care http://yourself.you 're a hypocrite.
Grandstanding at it's finest
Time to retire Senator.  Gutless, you guys passed repeal how many times when you knew it would never be signed by Obama. Thanks for nothing
So disappointed in your decision to vote no. Join the Democratic Party. You don't listen to Conservatives! Go away!
How about RIGHT FOR AMERICA McCAIN?  You continue to WELCOME A DEMOCRAT WIN in 2018-you're a HIPPOCRATIC-NEVER TRUMPER traitor to America!
BS! U voted for repeal under BHO. You're a globalist sell out. U supported Islamic terrorists to kill Christians. Never too late to repent!
McCain: "Get ready to watch the show."

This clown thinks this is a joke.
#MAGA

@SenJohnMcCain you resigning is right for Arizona. You accomplish nothing
wrong you back stab president Trump and lost to Obama !!
I respect Sen McCain's service in the military & the http://Senate.Now  he should devote his time to health & family. Stop hurtingGOP
How about some feedback?  You make a promise, keep your prime insurance, break your word & walk away!  Talk to us Senator!! Your rationale?
Another episode of "RINO Goes to Washington"??
Thank you for continuing to do what is right. I cried seeing you walk across the isle to Dems. That is the way it should be done! Together!
McCain says skinny repeal of Obamacare wasn't right for Arizona! But Obamacare and massive premiums isn't right for Arizona. Bad move, John!
HE IS FULL OF IT REPEAL TO DEBATE BILL A TOTAL COWARDICE ACT TO HURT NOT HELP
The theatrics tell a different story, typical politician talking out the side of your mouth!
What about the rest of the country
I mean he was only there for the vote because he's still waiting on the VA hospital to get back to him.
Yy
@JohnMcCain Ur hatred for our pres.decided ur vote. Ur pd to serve the ppl, instead u take ur loss out on them. Karma will not be kind to u.
Loser, you voted with your friends the democrats
In other news, the #AntiAmericanMedia runs cover for McCain, to help him appear as caring for his constituents.
Retire.
Completely orchestrated! Even @LindseyGrahamSC was prepared to vote "no", if @lisamurkowski hadn't. You, Graham, many others are horrible.
You sold out to the Dems. Pathetic.
Smile pretty for the cameras
What are doing to fix obamacare? Will you support repeal of Congressional healthcare subsidy?  What are doing to bring down huge premiums?
Ohh you mean
I think McCain, Murkowski and Collins should have to return EVERY DOLLAR.  They ALL campaigned on replacing Obamacare. They are frauds!
I'm sure your fellow Arizonans are completely embarrassed
Look at u Songbird... no  from Americans. Especially Patriots. POTUS TRUMP knows, ur NO HERO.  Where were the POW's u left behind?
How about thinking about the test of the country.
Why didn't you use the VA for your surgery? All politicians should be forced to use the same healthcare the people are forced to use!
You've failed the people by not voting for the repeal!
John, stop lying. Only reason u did it was to stick it to Trump and grandstand. U r nothing but a lying no good politician. #lyingmccain
Voting  no was wrong! You thought more to show off  before congress.
I no longer have any respect for you after you little tête-à-tête with the Dems before and after the vote
@SenJohnMcCain you should've had to go to the VA for treatment !!! You are NOT a patriot !!!
Judging by your "never Trump" attitude & ur #Resistance you R obviously part of the SWAMP/CESSPOOL that our President needs 2 DRAIN! @POTUS
BS, Senator.  It was strictly POLITICAL & a DELIBERATE effort on your part to undermine our President @POTUS Your #resist attitude DISGUSTS!
wasn"t right for Arizona as premiums 2x for middle class under Obamacare McCain You put personal dislike of Pres over middle class GOP

Why do you feel the need to punish hard working Americans because you don't like @realDonaldTrump  ?  #Traitor #Pardoned
Please don't bother to come back.  You are not for the American people and I unfortunately voted for your sorry ***!
U must be happy screwing az citizens with the highest health premiums in the country.  The cancer cells r making u irrational. Resign
Will it be right when Arizonians have no insurance at all? U let the American people down - as always.  RHINO!
Vote wasn't about Arizona it was about USA! SURPRISE rep for bunch of selfish me generation retirees pushes healthcare burden on grandkids..
..just like choosing surrender over fight, sanction instead of war Pushing heavy burdens on next generation is what YOU do
Good call Senator. Say "no" until it's right on HC
Amazing how your TV ads were the opposite when u ran for reelection
Why dont u switch parties? Just do it. We know u hate Trump so be honest and switch. Us loyal Trump supporters want u to do this now
Remember...it's all about you.
Your are not a man of your word? If you lose your credibility you lost everything!

Recall McCain!! Take away his Cadillac healthcare! His wife has plenty of money to pay for his!
Especially since I donated to your Presidential campaign... the only time I ever did!  What a let-down!!!  I want my $50.00 back!!!
Really?  Not sure I believe that...  stay in Arizona PLEASE! You are a Republican in name only!  So disappointed in You
You are no longer respected and your hero status has been revoked when you betrayed the American people #stinkyoldrhino
But You begging for Russian donations was ?
Thankyou John, be well.
You're a liar.
We the people are not stupid you have let the people down let Trump try!!!!
By the way the only weak Republican is you! TRUMP is strong as ever and please don't forget that!#MAGA
Ya sure!  We ALL know why you did that.  What a joke.
You're not right for Arizona!! Step down! #MAGA
Your crazy! Obamacare is a total disaster in the American people don't want it! It's your job to speak for us !! Your doing a terrible job!
So he had to go back to Washington on grandstand to say that? He gave the whole country the middle finger just to give the finger to Trump.
This is the truth
Someone needs to remind you, you are not the President so stop!! People don't support you on Obamacare or immigration!! So STOP!!
So sad you are a TRAITOR to millions of Americans! A COWARD! Who paid you off for your no vote? Disgusting!
(1)Thanks for the 8,000 healthcare bill I just got on top of the 700  dollar tax penalty i have to pay at the end of the month. But I guess
(2) thats what I get for hard work in McCain's America. The ppl poorer than me get bigger crumbs than me, but crumbs none the less4 no work
You did the wrong thing for all the Americans you claim you are fighting for.
Traitor John McCain! Repeal Obamacare!
Why don't you sign up for Obama care like the rest of us have to, and then say it's not right for AZ
You let us down.  You lied go play with the Dems.

It's time to support the President's policies.
John your comments to the NYT show how out of touch you are. There is already a movement to have you and Jeff Flake removed from the GOP
You will go down in history as a traitor Senator McCain.  I didnt want to believe you were as corrupt as Hillary. But im afraid its true.
Your in bed with democrats Schumer, Pelosi, Waters etc. Very sad!
McCains latest brain scan...POS should have been left in Vietnam to rot in hell..Which is where he is headed. But not soon enough.
War monger
it was easy for you and for you to let Collins and Lisa to vote against it.Thank you for screwing your voters who paid the penalty on taxes
What a bunch of bs. He voted against country not AZ. He's a petty vindictive jealous self-deluded geriatric living off his war 'hero' days.
It wasn't right for AMERICA and 3 people knew it. 3 brave soldiers of the people. Thank you and we won't forget.
Traitor!
So, screw the rest of America worked for you.
@SenJohnMcCain voting against the American people seems to get easier every day for him Your vote was gutless and a failure
You did this to get your revenge against President Trump you small pathetic man.
Traitor
@SenJohnMcCain You have no interest what's right for Arizona! Only interest you have is yourself!
Your not right.
Doing what's good for himself...
It's all about Arizona...
You ran and excepted donations to repeal. You lied and did the opposite. It's that simple.
There is power in truth!
Leslie of Scottsdale,who works in human resources,paying $1,100 a month 2016 for a United Healthcare plan that has a $13,000 deductible
oh please, that was disgraceful
Repeal it all McCain I don't like you, you aren't doing what we want your part of this corruption.
After all he can use the Phoenix VA like the rest of us right?
Oh please get your head out of your  a$$
McCain is not right for Arizona.
mccain, you are one american that should have been aborted you are a traitor.it won't be long and you will be meeting with the devil
#@SenJohnMcCain ; real hero, unlike POTUS aoiding capture by hiding under spurs in foot.
THANK YOU @SENATOR McCain!
Voting no on 'skinny repeal' wasn’t an easy call, McCain said, but it wasn't right for Arizona. http://azc.cc/2u8iKW7 
You ran for President and lost! President Trump won because he has the values of millions of Americans. McCain is a traitor!
GOP donor suing GOP for fraud. GOP promised repeal and replace of Obamacare. McCain..you lied !!!
I think McCain, Murkowski and Collins should have to return EVERY DOLLAR.  They ALL campaigned on replacing Obamacare. They are frauds!
Or for America. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Up yours, McCain. You lied, & people will die.
If you support ObamaCare so much,why not have it yourself? And your wife, and your family. They should have it too. Show your support, John.
What about your sworn duty to the CONSTITUTION!  The money I donated,I want it back!
Senator, please go away. Think of America first then your State.
Biggest lie he has told yet. And there have been so many
U know I'm glad ur feeling good enough 2 cast ur vote however remember u didn't use the same healthcare u voting 4 us if u had it'd b diff
Liar liar pants on fire.

You are a traitor.
Pure greed and democrat control over john mccain made his decision. Liberals care more about mccain than conservatives  Time to go johnny
So sad as i use to have much respect for you and your service to America, but you threw it all away by stabbing the GOP.
Doctors removed part of his brain responsible for rational thought and now he's a Democrat. #JohnMcCain #Traitor #songbird #Hell is waiting
You said you would repeal and replace. You should have voted "yes" & kept your word. Can't believe you screwed all of us Americans..go away.
I think McCain, Murkowski and Collins should have to return EVERY DOLLAR.  They ALL campaigned on replacing Obamacare. They are frauds!
I agree
Maybe u have more damage upstairs than u thought.  Because ur not fooling very many of us
I think you voted no to keep Trump
from  winning. I'm one of those middle class Americans who can't afford insurance.  You're a dem
This is what a real @POTUS looks like, you are behaving like a jealous lover because you lost your election #LOSERMCCAIN

So he's really who he claims to be...  incompetent then and incompetent now
You loved every minute of it - liar.  Wish your insurance cost as much as mine does. Jerk.
You are lucky I don't vote in Az
You are a menace to society and everyone that wants America Great again believes that
I understand you are being seen at the Mayo clinic its a beautiful hospital best doctors wish you the best care
BUT they don't take Obamacar
People with brain disorders shouldn't be allowed to serve our country in Any fashion
Window dressing.  It was right in 2016 when @SenJohnMcCain knew BOH would veto it.  @SenJohnMcCain should be recalled immediately!
But thank you anyway
fact you have to say 'not orchestrated' says it all.People must unite for truth. rid traitors like Mccain before it's too late.#21 trillion
BS he voted for Obamacare wants expanded medicaid pple in AZ cant afford premiums whle he enjoys 5star trtment @ #MayoClinic #TermLimits
You're now acting like the Democrat you always were.  #RINO
@SenJohnMcCain God bless President Trump! For those who hate him: Let their own table before them become a snare; . (Psalm 69:22)
I want the government out of healthcare ...
Give to private sector more creative, lower prices , and more jobs 
I'm from Arizona 
The left and many on the right in our gov have made it clear they will not relinquish an inch of gov run programs, only grow them.
TRAITOR
No so make them suffer with double digit increases. SHAME ON YOU.
I pray for your healing 
I also pray you have the mind of Christ ...
Following God's WORD and serve Him and our country
McCain cannot cause everyone to not have healthcare and then market himself from damaging vote. L
Right for Arizona? Obamacare is going up 116% in Arizona! Right, for u cause u don't have Obamacare! I feel 4 Arizona, they have u & Flake!
I regret voting for you.  It was my first time voting and I voted for you so that you can help POTUS with his agenda.  So dissapointed!
It wasn't right for the entire country.  Thank you for voting no...for all of us who would be uninsurable otherwise.
Senator I was disappointed with your vote and ..i live in Arizona 
You are there to represent us 
Planned parenthood is also killing babies
Credit for your service & health situation..but as a politician you are a total, unequivocal, failure. I hope your career is soon over...
What a load of BS.  You voted against it so you could be liked by the media and democrats again.  Loser
Then you and every senator and congressman get on Obamacare .. And pay for it yourselves.  Traitor
Mr McCain through your ignorance and Hate for our country's Commander in Chief:  Screwing the back bone of America: Middle Class Workers!
I wonder who Lindsey is going to spoon with once McCain moves on?
Why feeling some heat from those in az who's premium went up 116% now you going to fix Obama care  sad little man
