Congrats, I truly she will be a asset.
McCain needs to retire r vote as AZ citizens ask him 2
Imperfect yes, 894/899, Forrestal, wetstarts, songbird, tailhook (hookers), Keating, McCain Institute. Retire Brutus
Only people that say kind words about you are Dems and Never Trumpers. The rest see you for the liar you are!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
The most reprehensible of the Keating 5 . Never forget.
Tick tock john ... Ohhhh judgement is coming.
Would be easier too be appreciative if we weren’t saddled w $20T Debt. High Taxes. Crumbling Healthcare. Broken Soc Security. @chuckwoolery
Would love to ‘grill’ senators as they have grilled #WFC.  Can we get our rightful payout of our Soc Security account now? #FedGovtRobbery
Stoke the giant ego baby. It's why you say what you say while doing nothing.  Worthless hypocrite.
Gag me #RINO
Retire traitor
Please just go away already! Dammit man go!
#retire
Senator sometimes I agree with you sometimes not but you always show integrity and honesty thx
You are a patriot in the truest sense of the word, and an inspiration Senator.

Good! Now roll over and die. Hope that brain cancer hurries up!
#18Voter Civil War to flip Congress of all rhino's who don't put America 1st,Total Repeal/Replace,TaxReform,Wall build,&18 budget by 31Oct17
When are the Republicans going to either replace or impeach Trump. Surely by now enough damage has been done?
Imperfect yes, 894/899, Forrestal, wetstarts, songbird, tailhook (hookers), Keating, McCain Institute. Retire Brutus
An absolute betrayal of the people of the USA! Ran on repeal of Obamacare and when the time came betrayed the ones that trusted you! RETIRE!
Nope!
Thanks, and prayers. You did your best, Senator.

What seems so humorous to you that you send that?
How does his distribution of the salacious & FALSE Trump video fit into your long & boring narrative about McCain?
You are the posterboy for “ say whatever is needed to get elected” then do whatever you want once there #Disappointing #RINO
No kind words from me. You work for wealthy business owners who need illegal alien labor, not your constituents.
What a JOKE No health care Bill 7 years of lies
Senator: so much on your plate but can you end NFL fight, simply invite kneeling players to your office & hear them out

I used to appreciate you during the Bush years. Now I wish you would remember how to vote yes.
Senator, I am saddened to see one of your surrogates pushing the blame for your presidential loss on everyone but you.   So like Hilary.
I'm ok w/ imperfections, but John your settling scores w/trump at our demise. Your taking Chuckebabe's $ when we AZ pays u2 Rep, our needs

I appreciate U, 2
BC
CA
Retire and enjoy the rest of your life.
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
God bless you, Senator McCain. You are a true American hero. (The ingrates and trolls in these comments dishonor patriotism.)
Just a sore loser and obstructionist! Pathetic
Resign.  No "please" just "NOW".  Resign Now!
You have served this country with unquestionable integrity and patriotism. We thank you for your service. You are a true hero.

Have you been called in by mueller about dossier yet .. corruption !!
Please ignore the rude and crude remarks, they do not know from which they speak.  I am grateful for your service to this country, and how you have conducted yourself with all the challenges that you have faced, and now facing. You speak your truth, that’s what America is about.
Speak truth to power, Senator. Save our democracy!
You get plenty of kind words from all your democrat friends in the senate.  They  you since you are just another big government liberal
Your a turn coat retire
I have a long memory.  The only R in the Keating 5 was John McCain.  Cost taxpayers billions.  Please go away and retire.
He was being generous, John.  Until you own up to your true political motives, you are the quintessential chameleon.
Definition of an imperfect servant, one who lies yo the American people in order to get elected.
Thank you Senator McCain for your service to our country.  I may disagree with some of your views, but never doubt your integrity.
Retire and spend time with your family instead of screwing us
Traitor to the Party,
Please just retire! What a total Phony you are. Keep your promises to you votes
RETIRE!
A great biographical article.  Excerpts of your time in captivity are wrenching.  You lead with the same determination and strength.
Peace
WE LOVE YOU
Your a good man  John
The Lord said: Have you Considered my Servant Job? Job 1:8  
Please retire John
You're both hacks. Embarrassments to the US.
Not sure what has happened to this country, but I appreciate a true statesman. Ignore the ingrate replies.
Nice article!
I like it best when you are silent!
@SenJohnMcCain #rino #nevertrumper
The sad thing is that John McCain will be regarded as a "hero" when he dies. Fake news media will ignore $18 trillion he added to debt.
enjoy why you can
Retire pls
Please retire!
I hope you're around for a LONG time!!
America’s traitor.   Some legacy.
That’s not doing your job. Represent your ppl not your own agenda. Money talks though huh? just like the rest of you crooked ass senators!
Much love and respect for you sir! God bless you!
Me me me, my my my, doesn't know the meaning of teamwork. McTraitor needs to step down.
$174, 000  per.   Some servant
Worst thing about you John McCain is this, no matter what your constitutes want & sent you to wash for, if it supports potus you r a no!
Satan will be calling you home soon johnny boi. Time to confess to America and the world for your evil actions.
Your an embarrassment to the Republican Party. You are ALL about yourself & your hardon for anything non-trump. Sore sport like HRC!Grow up
What about not representing constituents not watching out for veterans.  Can’t ignore that.
There's room for you too, with Hillary @pilgrim state
You will always be our hero! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
John McCain Must be Recalled. If he had ounce of Duty toward this great Country, he would have stepped aside long ago.
Maybe it was all lies, you would know about that.
there #is always way #to serve #nation . #tagchurch

Of course. NRO & RINO Establishment inhabit the swamp in symbiotic harmony.
What does he want from you? Do your job stop tweeting!
This Democrat has never respected a Republican as much as I respect you, Sen. McCain. Thank you for letting your courage shine!

General, this is what an American hero looks & sounds like. You will always be remembered for Donald's Folly! @GenJohnKelly @realDonaldTrump
You have served your country in so many ways. Thank you very much!!
Almost 20 years doing political stuff and you know I haven't collected a single dollar for it in the process ..not 1 dollar Sir ...   
I could if I wanted to ..but that's not really the kind of person I am ..  
Narcissist.
Please work with @SenBobCorker to convince your colleagues to step forward and take action against the danger that is @realDonaldTrump.
Nuff said
#wewillprocude.
Please resign
