#BREAKING Census: Phoenix is nation’s fastest-growing city, and once again its fifth-largest http://azc.cc/2rSz8W1 
Illegals & their anchor babies
Racist city...ppl yell slurs out the car windows
Phoenix sucks!
Are you actually for America or for the progressive left globalist?  It's so hard to tell most days
Do you know why you lost your presidential race? Because voters wanted the Democrat who admitted he was one.
Retire @SenJohnMcCain 
#RetireHero
The GOP have shown they care more about loyalty to a weak and mentally unstable individual than their own principles, or even the law.
Great, more traffic, more buildings, more heat island impact.  Please retire JM (AKA Chauncey Gardner).
Sorry Rosaria.. more of the American people voted for Hillary.. America needs you on the side of Truth Not Trump!

All the more people to Vote you out of Office!
Go down in history if you get on the right side of it today sir. Our allies are mocking us as we allow trump to sell everything U stand for!
You are more of a threat to the U.S than ISIS is.
I wish you would do your homework before making a public statement. You are trying to sabotage your own government just like the dems.
Huge pile of crap,,go home,where they want you.Backdoors for Obama and Iran are OK,But not Russia.Disgraceful.RINO
You are off the rail going on EVERY MSM - who use you - are U trying to destroy R? Russia is more danger than ISIS?! THEY ARE BOTH DANGEROUS
And great news that we finally have a real leader trump that's not afraid to protect Arizona's border..unlike McCain
Hopefully they will vote a new Rebubli can in that isn't a traitor
That's not good news. Too many people here already.
McCain hopes to get more voters bc his hatred for R will tank him in AZ. He is on every MSM to destroy Trump, in response: the R parties
You know that America could never find Ivan.
Growing fast because of illegal aliens!
Why does Arizona keep you in office you're a rhino wannabe democrat taking money from george soros you give republicans a bad name
Now your dad says there was no Russian collusion...are you on board with that? I'm assuming you have to be
Also AZ is known for it’s disgusting care at VA Center -- hold you responsible.
are they all legal citizens?  if not, it doesn't count.
We are ALL so disappointed in you!

Macron just compared Trump to the presidents of Russia and Turkey. https://twitter.com/aaronblake/status/869183459381710849 …
@azcentral good! More people to vote against you!
@azcentral please STOP!
Why is this good news?
How many of those are illegals John?
Russia a bigger threat than ISIS?  We know u went 2 the UK 2 get the dossier. What else did u do? You're trying hard 2 divert attention.
That's nice, you should retire and go there then!
Just means people go there to retire! Which means huge problems in the future. Losers like you in the senate do nothing about healthcare.

Good. Grow fast and retire the RINO, McCain
Did Russia money make your wallet the fastest growing one in congress?? #yousoldourcountry
Stop your lip service and do something about this Putins Puppet NOW! You took an oath to protect us not the @GOP -Put our country first 
Great news:  @realDonaldTrump Trump's Base Is Shrinking
It's close to the border Too bad MS-13 keeps multiplying
Welcome to Canberra!
So you are one of the leakers. Interesting sabotage.
Now if only we had 2 Senators who actually cared for the people of Arizona, their constituents. If only...
Remember when people thought McCain was a hero? He has a chance to be one now but is complicit in Trump's crimes.
This is my husband who served 101st airborne, ended up 3 mos in Japan recuperating, came home on a stretcher, and suffered his whole life.
3. and the continue disregard of the GOP on the traitor we have in office.  I ask in memory of my husband, you stand for the right thing.
Where's all that water gonna come from?
2. I respect &understand what you went thru and would never say anything bad about you sir, but I am disappointed in your stance on Trump,
1. my husband died at 49 after suffering 30 years of disability.  He was a disabled Nam Vet & a democrat (from the South no less)
The GOP needs to stop using the US sovereignty as a bargaining chip for tax cuts in exchange for healthcare act repeal. That is treason.
Well then, hopefully Charlotte NC can take a breather.  Especially with hour 1 -2 hour commutes.
Why is that great news?
Traitor
#MAGA #DeepState Great news will be when you switch over to DemoRAT or better yet resign.... #SethRichCoverUp # IStandWithHannity

WRONG, BUCKEYE IN TOP 10, 5 in top 10 are in TEXAS! READ TIME MAGAZINE SENATOR!
your friend @LindseyGrahamSC needs his head checked.he'd rather talk emails than @POTUS back channels enemies & Duterte praises by @POTUS
He has conned everyone he has come in contact with. HE IS E. V. I. L.  TO THE CORE.
Keep speaking up Senator, do not let conservatives get pushed into this extremism that's bordering on fascism. Take back your party!
Not sure why that is good news...
Yeah, thanks to 250,000 illegal immigrants & 17,300 refugees from the 7 ME countries Trump wanted pause.
Illegals and criminals
I wanna know when ONE GOP member will stand up!! Maybe when we start speaking русский ?? Come on. Our future is on the line. #TraitorTrump
Please leave Washington and move there. We beg you.
I'm sure! All illegals coming out their caves... calling their familia & compadres 2 join them. Poor Sheriff Joe! You R =ESTABLISHMENT!
 
Seems your constituents watch cnn, need to change the channel & get the real news. Obama & Comey spying. 2 Dems being arrested for pedo.
Hopefully enough new voters to finally vote out your RINO butt from Congress.

That's not necessarily fantastic. Depends on how and why its growing.
no, it isn't great news.  there's not enough water here to go around as it is.  or did you forget it's a DESERT?
Arizona for Ever! Weather perfect! New developments, growing so fast. New Era embracing Modern........  #phoenix
Came from Cali for a weekend 20 years ago, dropped everything 2 weeks later & here I am. This is my home met wife n now 3 little Arizonans!
It's much worse
I think we're even getting past that stage of calling you a rhino
I'm sure they're all snowflakes that you recruit
I thought you're on America's side!? #disappointment
@SenJohnMcCain please explain to the American people why we have Russian agents in the White House.
Saw you at LAX. You were too fast for me to thank you for your leadership.
Shameful! Do nothing Republican all talk no action! Do your job defend our Country from Putin interference or get the hell out of Congress.
I am so sad to see that you no longer stand for democracy against tyrants you have sold your soul to trump
Bigger = Better?
There was a more important story about the threat to our democracy when you tweeted this fluff. Shame!
What will it take for GOP to put country over party? Does Putin have to literally be sitting in the Oval Office? #ImpeachTrumpNow
i'm not sure that is great news. Issues:
Water
#ClimateChange =Hotter = More energy use= more CO2=Hotter= less water=
Hotter
So nice-WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT KUSHNER LYING ON TOP SECRET FORMS & LYING ABOUT RU  MEETINGS & SETTING UP TREASONOUS COMMS? #trumprussia
Please stand up for the USA against Russian influence. They only paid you $2500
Only wish the abuse of horses and mules by some Havasupai could be stopped. 3 abuse stories in May so far.
2/2  OUR ELECTION/OUR GOVERNMENT/POSSIBLY OUR FREEDOMS/THIS IS A TRAVESTY. THE GOP R DOING NOTHING but IGNORING THE COMING "STORM" WHY? WHY?
I always thought U would step up & put COUNTRY before PARTY/U HAVE STOOD ON THE  SIDELINES LETTING THE GOP IGNORE THE RUSSIANS STEALING 1/2
Oh Johnny boy are you sure you've tied up all lose ends? Your foundation might have slipped? Will you sing #songbird once your caged?

You're a disgrace John
https://twitter.com/funder/status/868497776149237760 …
You are the most decent Republican, please do something about the Russian spies that live and work in the White House, It is terrifying!
“We have backchannel communications with a number of countries,” McMaster said response to questions..."so I’m not concerned.”Is this true?
JOHN MCCAIN IS COMPLICIT. GOP took Russian money. RICO
My mom's a teacher and barely makes a livable wage... why is there so much money for art in the airport but not for teachers & police?
Thank you for standing up for America! You aren't afraid to speak truth. I can't say the same for the selfish cowards in the GOP. Thank you!
John McCain America needs YOU. Stop  the TREASONOUS TRUMPS now is the time for you to war w your party for our democracy
is it because of your dirty dealing in foreign countries? or is it because your traitorous behavior towards your new president?
what is your date of passing away? Bzezhinsky+Rokfeller. Good news.
.@SenJohnMcCain 
Anytime between this tweet & now optimal to prove leadership & values v. always voting w/corruption
McCain to reporters: "It’s a dysfunctional White House ... Nobody knows who’s in charge and nobody knows who’s setting policies."
#treason
Last time I'll bug you tonight. Please sir. BE THE FIRST to call for impeachment or 25th Amendment solution! Be the one! Be the FIRST sir!
THIS is what you have to say with all that's going on? Unreal. I once thought of you as an American Hero. Just another @GOP disappointment.
Kushner is 2nd attempt to establish back-channel. Flynn, Prince and Kushner were not acting independently.
So, as the older generation of "leaders" begin to leave these earthly bonds, is betraying USA the legacy you thought you'd leave, Senator?
What is the reason for all of this GOP SCANDAL AND CORRUPTION WITH RUSSIA?
Why havent u commented on Gianforte and Kushner?
Time to turn Arizona blue!
Your complicit to this admin we wont forget
Trump's interactions with G7 leaders show what a danger he is 2 global security.A friend 2 Russia, hostile to our allies.Do something pls!!
Do you have enough water for this growth?
JohnMcCain said he was going to drop Rep party&who with democraps.Ok Arizona look up recall rules if he is not a Repub anymore u can recall
Rumor is Trump will sign an EO tonight or this weekend lifting sanctions on Russia. What will GOP do? The People will rise up against this.
AHCA, Body slams, everything Trump, conflicts of intereste, not a peep. 2018 cant come soon enough
Why does Sessions still have a job?
*lied to Senate under oath
*lied on security clearance app
*played role in Comey firing even tho recused
It will grow faster upon your retirement
Is the "growth" due to rapid numbers of housing vacancies from people trying to escape #Phoenix?
John are you with Pelosi on Trumps visits should have alphabetical..... I bet you are.
Remembering Our Fallen Veterans, This Memorial Day Observance (Monday) Also Salute To All Service Members  #TODAY
@CNN is #FAKENEWS. They lie constantly. Change the channel. No sanction are being removed.
Not good...
Too much growth and ugliness!!!
Is it illegal aliens?
with all of your grand support for Lieberman, did you get duped?

Awesome, but how's the water holding up?
Traitor McCain
Wow great news!  And the president your party supports is the fastest growing liar and you do nothing.  But hey Phoenix on the way up
yes lets get them Dems to move in
And everyone will get sick and die if you pass AHCA
are in order.  We can't be paying all the bills for the children of the poorest families to the detriment of our more skilled workforce.
immigration needs to end, and we need to start giving birth again!  Substantial tax breaks for children of middle and high income families
It is totally natural that populations will balkanize.  We can't have a balkanized divided USA of different culture pockets.  Mass
exploded while the white population remained stagnant and is now in decline.  This trend must end.  We must discourage contraception.
USA with people who do not share our culture.  It is already happening, to a lesser degree, with Mexico whose native population has
Asians have overtaken us in population and could eventually conquer us by sheer numbers alone, no military needed, just flood Europe and
founders which is now become a world minority.  White people are now smallest of all racial populations by percentage in the world.
Glad you're thinking about demographics.  We need all our cities to be growing. Especially the traditional white population of the
You're proud to endorse and support a Congress who violently accosted and attacked another human being? #Montana
What about this? #Obama spied on YOU for sure! @FoxNews @CNNPR @cnni @maddow @RandPaul https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSygF17_foc&sns=tw … via @youtube
What,u don't wanna send a congratulatory tweet out to Gianforte ? Aren't u proud of his honorable campaign?Thought u were better than that



That pollution though.  Go solar and go electric right @elonmusk ? #phoenix
Give me a choice Phoenix today or Phoenix from 1968. No comparison, everything bigger is not always better.
Bad news for the the republicans
More Boomers moving to warmer climate & from northern states probably 1 reason.
And they're all Democrats!
Yeah full of illegal's!
all moving there so they can voted you out Traitor.
That's good news? The planet is overpopulated. Big cities are highly overpopulated.  Phoenix is a big city.
#Phoenix, fastest growing city! Yay, that's great! Congrats & all that! Oh, & I hope Climate Change doesn't adversely impact your H2O supply
Can we think about why that is?  Nothing to do with current administration
They move there so they can vote you out
Why don't the republican Senators get it?  Country over party man. The budget, healthcare, the scandal..we want good programs and normality.
Yeah but the lady in charge of education thinks the earth is 6000 years old so.... overall lose in my book
