You can read Traitor? Doing any rock climbing? I'm falling and can't get up.
Agree! Need to go for the easier "low hanging fruit" bills first to get some bipartisan wins and build trust, then try for the tougher ones.
John. Why can't we do single payer like the rest of the world! We don't need death panels?! We need Care!
This is a very complex issue. It needs a lot of work and consideration. Our nation is in deep debt. No simple quips.
If our nation is in deep debt we are doing something wrong.  Austerity alone won't work,  look at Greece.
Lots of things wrong. 4 1 Huge waste, and I mean huge. Austerity and Greece, they voted it down every time. And what got them to that point?
We created $ money. We can control it!

Why are you showing me this? You think I voted for Obama? I voted for McCain, and would have voted Romney but was traveling to my mother's
funeral out of state, so was on the road when the polls opened.
The best thing U can do is resign immediately. Go quietly in2 the night and maybe people will forget how U campaign 2 repeal then killbill.
I wish you God's care and thank you for being John McCain - incorruptible!
You betrayed Carol & the Liberty & USA; "To those outside, you appear righteous, but inside you are filled with hypocrisy and evildoing."
Will you please go back to sleep
$30K - $40K  is  Not  a  Bill  for a Mercy Flight  - It is a Death Sentence ! https://twitter.com/EngTechnow/status/892713841125097472 …
Wow you do have 1 fan, be it a lib, who could have guessed that????
The only relevant lessons learned @SenJohnMcCain is never believe the campaign promises of a lying piece of sh** like you.
Exactly...The Senate needs a bipartisan bill for healthcare...it goes all the way back to when  failed attempts between E Kennedy & Nixon...
You can eradicate the middle class by replacing choice with Gov. Dependence, while funding infanticide to help circumvent human extinction
Healthcare is not "government dependence". If life is a right (then healthcare is also a right..it just follows)
You should go live in a Socialist Country where the poverty and healthcare are  evenly distributed. Competition and free enterprise MAGA
You would reference JL,  no one can learn anything from HRC unless it's to be dishonest, lies 101 you passed. You sure lied to me & Az
Johnny, Lieberman was wrong, it was NOT your finest hour. It was nothing more than you showboating and you showing your true colors.
Why couldn't we get to conference?  Much could have been resolved if we had!!
The Republicans if they want the senate and the house of representatives and more governors, they must support 100% to the President Trump
We the US people got the Shaft = Horn .... no thanks ! https://twitter.com/JimRobinson3rd/status/892528715556470784/photo/1pic.twitter.com/wBcxynu2bP 
Thank you for your selfless service
Puking right now...his service will always be known as a traitor!
Strange that when he won party nomination you never said anything about him. Then the deferred king said something and bam all this fake new
Ignore them John. Take care of yourself I talk to indivisible and we can get some conversation going between the two sides.
116% increase obvious you have work health care. Or your brain dead
McCain you really let the country down , please give away and be with your family
Just stay gone from every social media outlet were done with your Judas mentality your a traitor to America
A good idea, but I am not sure in that environment (early Clinton) GOP would have been willing to deal..some, yes, but enough?
Let's do it!!!!!!!!!
Do it
Hard to do when you have a POTUS that has held 18 rallies since elected, 57 days golfing since inaugurated & watches cable news all day.
Yet Trump accomplished more in 6 months than Obama did in 8 years.
Taking Obama's credit 
I don't think so...Obama has/had no credit to take.
Good article. People have to work together to achieve real success in almost any area.
It's a good article.  Somehow the two parties need to find healthy tension without being adversaries.
TRAITOR!
Senator, we need to make sure insurance subsidies are paid to continue helping folks who depend on them  & stabilize markets. Stop HC chaos
And that is why we love @JohnMcCain. He continues to look out for the American people.
RESIGN #MAGA
Sore loser man
Stop tweeting staffers for him. He hates Trump more than wanting what is best for Arizona
McCain is a liar, he campaigned on repealing Obamacare, he wouldn't have been elected if he would have revealed he is a roadblock to repeal!
McCain go to the other side and switch parties..you S.O.B
...and don't bother running against the cheating #republicans who conveniently look the other way when they feel like it.
A concept of working together and not against each other for the greater good of the American people and not ur party. 
Go away
You have left middle America shouldering the cost of Medicaid while our premiums keep rising with crummy care.
Immigrants need you! @POTUS is destroying families of immigrants and businesses of Americans! Don't let them destroy the U.S.A.
Traitor McCain speaks
Coward deflects
You lie, you are vindictive of @realDonaldTrump and although you represent a conservative base you hurt the will of your electorate.  Lier.
Please STOP saying repeal Obamacare and start saying FIX the ACA...
The attitude here is that the current situation is normal. Are you kidding??? Nothing NORMAL applies until the GOP clean up their mess. #smh
McCain...That was dirty. Not that you voted "no"... but because you didn't do it for the right reasons.

When McCain took off his uniform and put on his Sen. suit, he became a Republican traitor.
What do you have with fucking, goat?
Call BS on this. ACA was a Republican plan. GOP played politics in hating it. Prof solution is single payer.
Poor lil' Johnny McStain, so jealous of Trump he screwed his own party & the American people. Don't EVEN pretend otherwise!
You wanted to get even with Trump.
Please consider retirement, sir. It's clear that you're only going to let America down as we go down the road. Stop now.
Why do you think you deserve better healthcare than everyone else?
Why don't you use Obamacare? If you force it on me then it should be good enough for you. Do you go to the va hospital?
Did you teach @SenateMajLdr a lesson or US citizens?
The Democrats created Obamacare because the American people were not ready for single payer yet. Stop being a Democrat!
Didn't think you'd go that way
An excellent article. The difference is between a sane man capable of learning from mistakes and an unstable man incapable of same.
when those of the resistance praise you speaks volumes of who you really are McCain
But President Trump shouldn't have to counter and court his own party who promised repeal and replace
I Never saw you @SenJohnMcCain trying to bring parties together, only opposing our President. Sad.

Repeal and replace Repeal and replace Repeal and replace Repeal and replace Repeal and replace  said by you. What changed you mind? Cancer?
Liar
How are you ? I pray you get well soon .
Trump silent on Russian sanctions bill & Russian response. Trump covers up collusion. Trump socializes with russian spies in oval office...
McConnell betrayed our nation when he sold the idea that winning is everything. His opponents where enemies to be beaten not worked with.
He paved the way with years of teaching the Republican voters that winning was the only thing that matters. Not policy, not progress.
This brought us to this president and his base who don't understand policies, don't care about government or governing, just want to "win".
MUST REMEMBER: your own promises to people of AZ to REPEAL ACA. You had no qualifiers then Senator. You have left us with no access to care
It seems that your hatred for our President has cost the American people a choice besides ocare and single payer. Did lobyists get to you?
Is it a coincidence that the liberals on this post are all thanking you? Your little show last week made a lot of them very happy. Congrats
It shouldn't be about keeping score. It's shows the pettiness of your post. Pre-ACA insurance was horrible.
Must read: you lied and betrayed your constituents.
Useless
With all due respect, dems had open hearing on ACA, GOP amendments were accepted.  It was lock-step obstruction that stopped the pursuit
never trumper never MAGA
He ruined the public option which would have increased competition and lowered cost. So no.
My lesson of the day happened when you sided with demoncrats. You're a yraitor. Lesson learned.
I hear ya song bird!!
Eight years you do nothing, lead up to vote you do nothing, you wait for subversive attack at vote. You are very transparent my friend.
https://www.hermancain.com/john-mccain-venomous-hypocrite-and-liar-dooms …
McCain what happened to turn you into a traitor & liar? So sad what you are-Swamp King. Get Well
The arrogance, and bullheadedness of the president makes it seemingly impossible. Please keep upthe pressure America needs you! United again
The fundamental problem with Republicans is this notion of #HAAB #EAAB Heathcare,Education as a business. It always was a Public service.
You have friends?
So why did you vote against it every other time?  Why did you campaign on repeal?  It seemed like a sneaky vindictive middle finger to US.
Hello McCain to you from Vladimir Putin ha ha ha
Your lessons for your career "".  for repealing obamacare 
Jeff Flakes' op ed is better written for the time in which we live.
Like many of the Rights we enjoy today in the US; they used to be reserved for the privileged e.g. voting, human rights, civil rights, equal
Our elected officials have to answer one pivotal question: Is healthcare a "right" or a "privilege". This will dictate the direction of HC!
@POTUS is Tough #Patriots from @DNC & @RNC have DIED for USA & YOU can't #Speakout about #PoliticalSpying ? http://www.post-gazette.com/news/politics-nation/2017/07/31/Hillary-Clinton-lost-the-2016-election-but-some-Republicans-still-want-to-investigate-her-and-other-Obama-administration-officials/stories/201707310153 …
Retire.
Wishing you strength and courage through treatment and a speedy recovery. Peace
Understand why your comrades in arms called you song bird and traitor!
I don't wish you well since you threw your voters off the skyscraper
Disgraced that I voted for you. At least Ann Kirkpatrick would have boasted abourt being a liberal globalist obstructionist instead of lying
You lovers of freedom should be ASHAMED of yourselves for promoting selfishness & hate! In the new world ONLY equalism will be tolerated!
Maybe you should print this out and hand it to @IvankaTrump so she can read it to her father. Even admits that Clinton balanced budget!
What happened to all your campaign adds against Obama Care??? What a damn liar you are!!! I heard you were.. but hoped I was wrong
You supported Hillary, too
I signed the petition!! Fortunately, The freedom loving silent majority still has the power of the vote. Apparently you didn't get the memo.
Your Globalist vision of healthcare will yield a harvest of decline in the one thing that the silent majority holds most dear, FREEDOM
Is a nice story. Unfortunately  , healthcare   and it's costs, rules denying coverage, etc etc..
and exorbitant costs by big Pharma, etc etc. is THE biggest hit to the economic stability of our country! Everyone loses without healthcare.
Actually that's from not stabilizing the market. By threatening CSRs insurers get scared and raise premiums.
John your so full of yourself makes me sick ! You really need to retire and give us all a break !
Thanks John! Your legacy is the NO vote that took America one step closer to a socialist single payer new world order,Obstructionist, Liar!
Medicare is single payer for anyone over 65.If SP = socialist new world order then the US is already there. BTW the maj of rep love medicare
Sadly, most conservatives see compromise as a weakness, rather than for the strength it shows.
In the new world order the ones who have the gold make the rules, the economy is global and freedom loving individuals are parasitic gouls
Once a traitor always a traitor
No borders needed since slave labor costs much less and the loyal recipients will always vote for their enablers.
But I agree we need to find a way to overcome the polarity and get Congress back in the business of old school legislating.
You could care less about people hurt by Obamacare. You live in an alternate reality and mad you could not accomplish what trump did
What about the people helped by it? I understand about costs, but you  must realize that it has also helped many American
I worry that while calling for bipartisan approach Dems' real agenda is to prevent Trump and GOP from succeeding -- for 2018 and 2020.
The most important thing in life are the memories that you leave. So far you are in my good mems The President want's the best for the USA
Friend? WTF!
$1100 a month, $5500 deductible. You could have helped us, and YOU failed! Shame on you.
Same here. Over $1100 mo, $6000/12000 ded. for 2 people. LESS coverage! We budget food to afford premiums. WTF is WRONG with you traitors?!
Yes, how to steal, lie, blame others, cover your tracks like a cat in a cat pan. Perfect!
Had your chance and you choked.
Yall are right. Bipartisanship IS the answer. Things r 2 divided right now. I blame gerrymandering 4 what is happening today. Disheartening!
How is SOROS lining your pockets...Mr. McCain????!!!!!????
No matter how you spin it, or write it, @SenJohnMcCain , you failed the American people. We did not burn anything down, we voted & you lied!
Going back to before ACA paperwork is ridiculous. Stabilization and fixing the Systems stops ERs from being used as clinics.
Last point ...Your use of @HillaryClinton's name seems like a criticism of her good work. Work she did very well under much duress from GOP.
Another difference between '93 and today . . . No tea party obstructionism although @newtgingrich sowed the seeds for this mess.
Very ashamed of how Jealous,  you are of Trump, and I'm ashamed I voted for you . thumbs down to you
Despite flawed arguments, he's not wrong on need to collaborate.Perhaps GOP could admit their contribution to today's political disfunction.
You should be ashamed of yourself and resign your office. You have not represented the people of AZ that are suffering under Obamacare.
I could not more respectfully disagree, back to the states, healthcare co-ops, health care savings accounts, + a catastrophic care policy.
@JoeLieberman's article doesn't support your premise as '93 partisan actions hurts today's healthcare. @newtgingrich created partisan mess.
Partisan efforts represents sm portion of ppl esp given that maj of ppl just want ACA fixed.Quit calling it Obamacare n have higher approval
You know it's Dems & you + 2 refusing to work together.  Can fix it when it passes. Agree with @LindseyGrahamSC -send to states.
It was the states that cut corners and didn't expand Medicaid that left some in situations they are in. States can control an open option.
Your a liar and a traitor....today...and years ago!!
Preview of forthcoming Cassidy-Graham explainer:

- Still repeals Medicaid expansion
- Still places a federal spending cap on Medicaid
First things first let's get the market stabilized so insurers stay and renter the market. Then go to committee. CSR payments are necessary
From committee met with health groups and then proposed set of bills.
GOP might be in a better place now had they not blocked universal coverage back in 1993.
GOP congress failed in blocking 1993 universal healthcare proposal. US would have better cost controls & access now. 3/3
Everyone working together is a wonderful idea. Unfortunately that cannot include Trump - he has waged war with congress and our democracy.
We just have to admit here trump's tweets are not normal.
Healthcare is not quick fix. First stabilize the markets then have committees. American medical association should have some input.
this is one of the absolute worst things i've ever read… trying to blame hillary (again!), pretending like trump is at all normal, etc.

#RECALLMCCAIN
Thank you Senator McCain. This is very important as we move forward. We should unite!
nice job John. Your place as a democrat is secured
They need to send every single one of you home & start over with people who truly care & want to serve our great nation - you're beyond help
Go back to before ACA is not serving our nation. It's creating individuals who abuse ERs as clinic rooms.
At the end, it doesn't matter who wins or loses, under witch president the health crisis is resolved, as long as your ppl are taken care of
Mccain. You have screwd your credibility with the people. Before making distractions w/ other junk, get in unity with yor party. Dont B ass.
Many of the GOP ideas do not work. Buy across state lines??  Insurers are to powerful for states to legislate.  Federal must regulate.
John there people out there suffering on Obamacare. And that's the ones who even can get it.
Obama wanted single pair.

The Democrats were getting paid by the lobbyists.

Obama didn't get single-payer.
Like all your DC elitist colleagues - you don't.  You're not enlightened.  You're corrupted by your own sense of self importance.
@HillaryClinton KNOWS healthcare better than anyone in congress right now. If the GOP congress could swallow their pride, she'd help. 2/3
You've got a "must-read" and I've got a must listen.
http://www.davejanda.com/audio/DrJimGarrow072317.mp3 …
Garbage!!! Real "Heroes" don't lie and betray the American people like McCain did. You embody everything that is wrong with politics today.
The real lessons are vastly different than this author remembers.  Two important omissions . . . 1/3
Rhetoric, no solutions. Many lessor nations have great access. Many pay 10% in taxes for health care. Am's pay much more to insurers.
Like every other DC elitist you believe God has blessed you with a superior Intellect - enlightened. Only you know what's best for us
Senator, do you an opinion about this?
https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/d442b2f05162 …
Lesson for today: you should have been repealed and replaced a long time ago.
So eloquently stated, so historically sound.
You are my hero!
Then will work on lowering mandates, eliminating employer mandate, and bring back open market choices
John you don't see reality. Ppl are suffering. U live in a Bubble. U do not deserve represent us. U don't care about ppl. Only your legacy
U r True hero, but GOP have had decades to fix cost & access. But refused to work with dem's. They offer 0. At 55-65 Am's are priced out.
Thank you, get well, well said.. But perhaps your health is more important than all this chaos?
It's time you resign
It was only A YEAR AGO that you campaigned you'd repeal it.   You are a fraud.
SEN MCCAIN I'D MUCH RATHER YOU BE POTUS THAN THIS DISASTROUS "TWEETER & CHIEF" SIR!
Me too and I'm not an R.
