The same can be said about the GOP.  U have to do something about the cancerous stench in the WH.  Get them out of there b4 it's too late!
sounds like u John why u so upset ur the most unamerican senator we got
A group of rich & powerful people choosing money over patriotism and the people they purport to serve? Where have I seen this before?
and the GOP chooses itself over patriotism.  Games are not patriotic.  Doing the right thing in the Senate is #confirmGarland
What, so do you.
Seriously, the whole white house is choosing $ over people.
Well can't blame #NHL when we have a man in Oval Office, cabinet members, family, & administration who puts Party/Country
Way to be an idiot
Harry Reid & Dems taught GOP the Nuclear Option
Dems invoked it during Obamas 1st term
Stop your whining & grow up
Just like choosing party over principles as in today's Senate vote to change rules instead of seeking more mainstream candidate.
Yiu should know a lot about betraying supporters, that's for sure
nope just #terrorist #jews trying to use hockey as leverage. #FakeNews @WarrenBuffett #antiTRUST @netanyahu #SaudiArabia @kraftrecipes @FBI
See you're taking my advice. Let's go after sports instead of real issues in our country.
Yes, sad.  What's more sad is that you choose yourself over patriotism all the time these days
So do politicians
agree! So disappointed.
Sounds right up your alley. Say hello to George
Isn't that what just about every @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP and every cabinet member is now doing? Americans losing
Ahh, I remember the olden days when the Olympic Games were only for amateurs! When exactly did the professionals take over anyway?
The NHL?!?!?!  The NHL?!?!?!  You're worried about the NHL? You're out of your frigging mind.  Retire. NOW.
I  say they would make great republicans money over patriotism. Honestly I can't believe you are incapable of seeing this.
you choose party over country and we all loose. I expected better from you
Disagree....let the amateurs play....
FJM!
Nonsense, the Olympics is supposed to be for amateur athletes anyway
The NHL? Who r u kidding. You and ur buddies chose Trump out of greed and screwed the whole country. U should be tarred and feathered.
Funny to hear that coming from you.
Which party are you in anyway McCain?  Speaking against Trump does not help us, go join the lame democrats or better yet retire, too old!!!
You get paid by lobbyists to NOT vote with the will if the people who voted for u. Be careful what u tweet, it WILL bite u in the ass.
You confirming gorsuch. The big losers are the voters
Mccain chooses war over peace. Big loser? The people of planet eart
Swamp dwellers take money from lobbyists over people is that true representation.
the olympics are about amateur sports at its best, you stand silent where is your patriotism to the country! Do what's right!
Choosing money over patriotism?  Sounds more like #GOP than #NHL.
And you do the same thing.. You got your nerve... You need to resign..
What does this have to do with partriotism? Give some non professionals a chance.
The Olympics will be just fine without NHL players. This should never have been a thing anyway.
The @NHL took a page out of your book; take the money and do nothing [in congress], un patriotic, wouldn't you say! #TermLimits
I'm more worried about the @POTUS @VP @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr grabbing power for rich. #TraitorousGOP #ImpeachDJT
My mother lives in Gilbert and doesn't tweet but wanted me to let you know to stop enabling that piece of shit Trump @SenJohnMcCain
Now you didn't slam obama over syria
Stick with what you know, like kissing Trumps a$$ and putting our country on a path to anarchy. Don't ever comment on hockey ever again.
got so much respect for u senator,why did u allow  CNN to use u in order 2 attack the GOP They,making ur party evil
it's always all about the money.  Always.
Sounds like the group of people who have sworn an oath to their country but chose instead to put their party above country. #consequences
Thank You for the enlightenment, Sen. John McCain
Bull, the winners are the amateur players and real fans  like it should be. #Remember80
Seems to be the pervading theme for the country these days. Money & party over country. Makes me sick.
For once I must agree with you mr. McCain , that is a low blow to not only the sport but to the country in general. NHL sucks...
And you make America Losers by making us Indebted Servants being Nato's Police force Putting us so far in debt we can never climb out of it.
When they do it only the fans lose. When Congress does it, the world loses. You make life and death decisions for people. Take a stand.
The president chooses $ over patriotism. American citizens are losing now more than ever.
Not very "patriotic" 2 shame someone ovr their patriotism. Gives truth to it being the last refuge of a scoundrel. Yea, I mean u. #VoteDem
Hey John McCain, just were is your patriotism????????????
bot
And you chose politics over patriotism when you were silent on Trump last year. Much worse. Sad!
Like you choose Soros money over party commitment?
Mr McCain, you talk about sports but I've been waiting patiently to see what you think of #SusanRice Get with it old man!
