Traitor
Stop being so anti-American! Are you still upset because you could not win election & President Trump @POTUS won so easily?
McCain truly believes he's on the same level as POTUS. Delusion at its finest. 
John McCain suffers from delusions of grandeur.not worthy 
2shine #TRUMP's shoes.Pitiful silly old traitor.MSM chew&spit him up at will.
you are arizona's blunder. Resign.
John.  U lied.  Sad.  Can trust you.
Why do you always put yourself at odds with the president? You were re elected to be on the side of Arizonans
And furthermore in case you haven't noticed most Americans really like Trumps new immigration plan, support it Sir!
It's time you're water boarded out of a job #nolongerahero you're a a mindless old fool #tictoc
You are attempting to hold @realDonaldTrump liable for the promises and mistakes of @BarackObama, and it will not fly!  #Warmongers
John McCain and Obama are responsible for Afghanistan, Syria and ISIS. IT behooves him to shut the latrine.
I don't remember that you had a hissy fit over Obama's Iraq fiasco,betraying our country with ISIS,only because he wanted Marxism to prevail
McCain is a terrorist.  He hates America. POW who sold out America.
Why are you allowed to comment or vote on anything now? You have brain cancer which is bad. Sorry. Yet you seem to hurt party and people!
McCain is not the President, never was, never will be.
thank goodness
at least he's not a treasonous traitor like you @SenJohnMcCain
Trump is totally a RACIST. He wants to repeal everything Obama just because he is an African American. This is not American. Maybe Russian

Traitor what the f would you know. You spent the last war giving head to Vietcong war chiefs
Well, he has said that he knows more than the generals do, believe me.
It is time we pull everything US out of Afganistan. So what if the country goes to hell. More money saved for tax reform if get out.
#shutupoldman
No the blunder is you getting payed and not do what u ran on get out
Sorry Senator; there is NO choice in Afghanistan! The British and Russians both gave up! The solution is a "wall" letting no one in or out!
I BELIEVE WE ARE HOLDING TRUE
TO NOT TELLING THE ENEMY
WHAT WE ARE& ARE NOT DOING!!
SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT
UNWAVERINGLY
John U R clearly not thinking straight-Trump relies on his generals more then any in past yrs-your hatred 4 Trump is exacerbated by th tumor
You're Service Record shows insubordination, Lack of Discipline, worked hard 2 Promote Better PR! Your Judgement off Since Entered Service!
He had Trumpeted During the Campaign That He is especially Good at Military. What Does That Mean? AdolphHitler same Delusions came to BadEnd
Trump Transcripts Read More Like Art of The Blowhard Than Art of the Deal.This Delusional Arrogant ConMan has No Business being POTUS
John, we get it; you do NOT want to make America Great again! So Get off my Presidents back and do something productive!
Poor jealous McCain.  Time to retire.  Your getting senile.
Spouse served many deployments. I understand how 07s become 07s (which public likely does not). Listening 2 soldiers in trenches: GREAT idea
And this super encouraging for someone who's spouse's unit is about to deploy to the region.
Afghans are not war mongers, just stop supporting the self-serving, corrupt & incompetent leadership of Afghanistan & peace will return
Hey vets... ever wonder why in 30 yrs he wouldn't fight for you & accomplish what @POTUS did in 6 mos?
WTH
Obama didn't go in2 Iraq
Trudeau didn't go in2 Syria
2 friendly with the Sauds and Trump overrules just generalls?
You're a TRAITOR. It's NOT YOUR AGENDA in Washington DC... 

It's @realDonaldTrump  Agenda!  He's President and You're NOT!

Stay Home!
I'LL tell YOU RIGHT NOW .... WE ARE NOT GOING TO pass this bill!  Again, YOU are working against @realDonaldTrump
Is this you opinion or that of your staffers, like your no vote on health care was. Coward...
you shouldn't talk about my Pres. U been there for ever doing nothing, just feeding the democrats.

Are we prepared to fight back if he calls our military "losers?" I hope our leaders will take a stand.
In my opinion, Trump's laying the groundwork to blame military for loss. I hope we are ready.
And what's your POINT, JOHN? 16 Years and what has your ASC done? AMERICAN's haven't seen Leadership in CONGRESS for those year. SAD comment
ENOUGH ALREADY!
WITH DUE RESPECT..WHEN IS ENOUGH ,ENOUGH?
must be nice that U have the time to read. WE don't! we have to work, sometimes more than 2 jobs to feed our families no thanks to #GOPSCUM!
What's so pathetic is when questioned by fox news about your "moderates" use of Allah akbar  you compare them to American Christians...
This is a policy & strategy issue.  Ad hominem attacks do not elevate or illuminate.  Make your case for permanent forward basing or not.
Why does President Trump and the Freedom caucus talk about the seriousness of Debbie Wasserman coverup and u say nothing?That's fishy.
Nothing to say about the Debbie Wasserman coverup which is a serious breach of National Security?Arizona voters are not happy with you.
How many of our men have to die before your bloodthirsty soul is satisfied?  #Warmonger  #SongbirdMcCain
McCain is absolutely no good. He's so old and needs to get right with God before he dies and get the hate out of his heart!
If I were him, I would be on my knees begging God to forgive me!  So many souls that he has sent into eternity..
Support President TRUMP
Stop sending Americans to die in that shithole Afghanistan, 17 years is enough
16 years, 1000s of casualties, and we're still losing in Afghanistan ? Save lives, come home.
How long has Afghanistan been at war? Centuries. Why waste our blood and treasure on them? We can break their toys every time they're bad.
Time to retire John you've lost ALL credibility
Lincoln overruled his generals.
U have NO credibility. U put politics and personal kid grudges OVER THE PEOPLE!! #traitortothepeople
... This garbage is written by you and the Pentagon.
Go away...
Dying of hate?
Judas
You have zero credibility in any debate. U let obamas mistakes happen. Retire. Please for America.
Isn't it time you switched party affiliation? Stand by the Pres or get packing traitor.
Screw you mccain. You have no credibility with the American people.
You are a troll and need to retire.

Your a TRAITOR!
Retire already Senator.

Screw you McCain We are leaving Afghanistan and Syria
We have been in Afghanistan for 16 yrs Time now for withdrawal of USA troops and Afghans must fight for themselves and not run to USA
https://www.hermancain.com/john-mccain-venomous-hypocrite-and-liar-dooms …
Hey McCain it's time for you to retire and for the US to pull out of Afghan. 16 yrs is enough when politicians won't let you fight to win
Instead of standing with Americans you stood with the lies and deceit of Barack Obama and the DNC. You are a fraud & a menace
Traitor! History will not be kind to you, I promise!
Good morning John, although I'm a Democrat I sincerely thank you for your vote and will pray for you.  keep working on Lindsey and other GOP
Probably
Bitter soul .. please go home..you and your D.C. Buddies are the problem. .
Tell us once again Mister War what are we doing in Afghanistan? 16 years and still no victory from previous 2 presidents? Your strategy SUX!
What have you done!!! Nothing! You are a war monger!! Send your kids to fight!We are done with your wars!! You just want friends to get Rich
John McCain you're nothing but a traitor why don't you just crawl up somewhere and deal with your issues in peace
To say that I don't trust anything McCain says would be an understatement. It is not clear who McCain is working for. USA or someone else.
And exactly what is your proposal? The only proposal should be is to end operations over there, its a never ending battle,no win is possible
Rest and get better!!
EXCUSE ME BUT WHO MADE YOU POTUS?
Thank you Senator Democrat John McCain!
YOU HAVE TO STAND BEFORE GOD SOON,TRAITOR. THINK ABOUT THAT A LITTLE!!!!
He has no ideology or policy re: Afghanistan.I thought he was to leave military decisions in the hands of the Generals.
How 'bout catastrophic mistake of invading Iraq, for which you voted in favor Senator?
McCain no credibility and no integrity.  Just another establishment pol, playing games and looking to start wars.
We can't stay there forever. As 4 Potus, he should listen 2 Generals. They understand it better than he does. Trump never served in military
NO, YOUR BLUNDER WAS ARMING ISIS.. PICTURES DON'T LIE..  YOU'RE AGAINST RUSSIA FOR NOT GIVING YOU CAMPAIGN FUNDS IN 2008.. YOU UNFIT TO SERV
Are you in the poppy field business Johnny boy.
Too bad we have to live with your blunder and your hatred of Donald Trump
Your gonna go down in flames aren't you! Cementing your legacy as a sore loser!
@realDonaldTrump is running circles around Obama on everything else, @POTUS will do it on Afghanistan as well. Despite @SenJohnMcCain. watch
Remember Vietnam you sang like a bird more like a chicken sound.
That is hateful and unAmerican
Tell it to the McCain not me .Snowflake
Warmonger McCain! #StepDown
Thanks for your help, but it is time to go!
You are a bitter old man, an obstructionist and a Democrat.
You've gone off the deep end of the never Trump bandwagon. Vile vile man.
What if you tried supporting our president you time wasting liar?
You just don't get it do you...you are disgusting beyond belief...an arrogant, bitter old man with no time for redemption
John go take a nap! You lost get over it! Spend some time with your family!
You always advocate for war! This war was lost long ago! The poppies rule, we're deep in it! Go away! Let Trump handle it! 
When is your party going to start impeachment? The @POTUS is becoming a catastrophic liability.
Sorry, if Bathhouse Barry wasn't impeached, I'm 200% positive Trump won't be.
Patrick, I guess we'll see, but maybe Trump will just quit on his own, which would be the best thing to save face & for the country's sake.
There is no choice left but withdraw from Afghanistan.
Thank you for being an true American and calling #FakePresident on his BS. Don't let him get away with it.
Сенатор, берегите голову. Ваша опухоль мешает вам реально смотреть на мир. И насчёт пенсии - подумайте, пока есть чем...
Why don't you stop going against our @potus or just admit you're a Democrat? We the people voted for @realDonaldTrump and HIS agenda!
16 years, John!!!! What have you done? Except pout over @POTUS get with the program or get out.not helping!!
Your not President McCain - and for good reason
McCain needs to just crawl off to his democrat hole.
With all due respect sir, just Go away!
ONE QUESTION @SenJohnMcCain , HOW DO YOU LOOK AT YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR? OHHHH DOUBLE SIDED GLASS, PERHAPS
Liar hypocrite and betrayer of electorate. Corrupt sell out knowbit all. Reason America refused to elect you as president
RETIRE!
This guy sits back and cries wolf ! He has been a life long politician ! What have you done John except push wars !

You sound like CNN please put a D behind your name and leave
dear mr.senator what u think about stop warmongering and retirement this sins are enough for u in #vietnam for exp
John McCain - worst senator in history
We traded you for a governor and got a whole state...how you like it over on the Dems side now.
McCain what a way to support your President!  The only blunder here is YOU & the other absent minded Reps who are obstructing!
oh that's right the almighty dem McCain always knows what's best,except when he breaks hcare promises,just retire
ЕСЛИ ЧЕЛОВЕК ДУРАК ТО ЭТО НА ДОЛГО А ЕСЛИ ДУРАК МАКЕЙН ТО ЭТО НАВСЕГДА
Shut up jelous man mccain...
Afghanistan? What is our mission? What is our goal? What do we gain? What do we lose? What is our exit strategy?
The likes of McCain are gaining something - the American people not so much.
Please go back to AZ and take care of your health, we need well, John!
MAGA suceeding despite you. Thanks for ruining my healthcare.
What do you think should be done about Afghanistan? Does @POTUS  understanding the country? Hope your treatment is going well and thank you
No thank you.

