Thanks John. Can you do something about preserving ACA now so that we can ALL access the care you're receiving? It's the right thing to do.
He voted to proceed.
Yup. I wrote that in the old, more hopeful days.
When was that? Nov 7?
Thanks to our President and not you
Thank you Sir!
I'm not a republican but I am praying for you sir 
I hope you are praying that he finds a conscience on health care
I am 
Sir. You represent the best of us. We are with you in spirit all the way.
Get well soon McCain.
Did PDT agree to sign it?
Get out of politics. You've done enough damage.
You know Iran are fighting Isis full on ! And there fighting with the US Army to combat Isis !
Best wishes Senator. 
#NoTrumpCare #fixobamacare
Lessons can be learned from this american hero who is dealing with health crisis but looking out for America in its own crisis 
Once you vote multiple times to take insurance away from millions you are no longer a hero I don't care what you've done
Maybe i've hit a nerve maybe i haven't, but i'm never gonna stop trying.
Try is all we can do but unfortunately the money pumping into his personal accounts is hard to counter
Let's see if trump signs
Please get well. We have never needed you as much as we do now. @SenJohnMcCain
He has done enough damage.
What about health care! Every American is worthy of the same health care you and all congress gets! Our lives count too!!!
Are you reviewing the details of Trumpcare as closely?  If you are you can only vote NO.
Potus should not have hands tied. No one tied hands of BO why? @realDonaldTrump @VP@CLewandowski_ @JudgeJeanine @MichaelCohen212 @JaySekulow
how are you going to vote on Healthcare? Do you think your constituents deserve the same quality care you got?
What about healthcare????
Senator, please don't support any bill that cuts Medicaid. My son counts on it for his therapy services. This is him.
Except for the fact that Mr Preexisting had to dash in to vote YES to pull your healthcare.
@HMiglino @keriRN
Review the health care bill, and please vote no.
This is 'checkmate' for team treason, because if DJT signs it, Russia will expose him,  if he doesn't sign it, he exposes himself. Bravo!
If @POTUS is truly a Manchurian Candidate, the Russians will go to any length to conceal it.
Even seemingly against their own interests.
we will always look up to great people like you. We pray you go over the condition that is on you, Great Senator
Praying for healing.  Please continue working with Senate members to be more bipartisan.  Thanks for serving us in AZ.
I'm glad you're feeling better. Your speech yesterday was the best I've seen in years from you! True American!

#GiveEmHell Senator!

#RINO
Please make sure it is veto-proof.  And my best wishes and prayers for your good health.
North Korea and Iran -yes, needs new sanctions.Sanctions on Russia are not needed, nor effective. Time to stop personal beef McCain vs Putin
Senator, can you please vote down a bill that takes away health care for 20/30 MM Americans? Think of your legacy!
Hi John,Maybe you could take a minute and educate the president on the importance of Russian sanctions.He hasn't a clue about these matters.
The President doesn't listen to anyone remember??  Only himself.
Unfortunately there are so many voices inside his head that he can't listen to anyone else as well!
vlad isn't happy.
He's about to get less happy.
That's what has Trump so scared, not America's democratic system.  Vlad doesn't play with mere prison terms.
It seems like Trump has painted himself into a bit of a corner here. Difficult to see many good options for him...
poor fella
lol
And will you be killing us with a yes vote on mtp on health care?
Please remind your colleagues that the love of money is the root of all evil. I pay a LOT of taxes & happy to pay more to help others.
Are you also reviewing that health care bill to make sure American citizens can get the medical care they & their children need.
we are so proud of you do not  let them leave MILLIONS with no health care
How about healthcare? Are you going to vote for millions of children, seniors & the poor to lose theirs & others to pay exhorbitant prices?
@MaxMaxsilva1946 Glad you are but concentrate on your health & the rest of our health by Voting NO to #Trumpcare
Warning - he's going to use a pocket veto
Vote no tomorrow sir.  Stand up for Democracy.
I wish you well and pray you appre your insurance before voting to take it away from millions.
Good ol' John McCain running to DC to take away insurance from 22 million Americans, not really a maverick just a douche.
Sorry but we don't need a RINO to interfere with the President's agenda. Just let Satan take you.
John, we need you. Please vote "no" on the senate healthcare bill.
We'll see, John. We'll see what you do
Thank you, sir! Follow your dr's instructions, rest, & get well.
Thank you!!!
Get well soon Sir! DO NOT get on that plane for those traitors @GOP
Do you think your *president will veto it?
#trump is waffling on signing now, how do you feel about that?
Cancer patients in this vountry are fighting for their life too. #SaveACA
Please just make sure you after reviewing them from home this week...PLEASE!!!
Opportunity for your legacy and stand up to Trump and protect citizens from losing the health care you enjoy
Pls. don't vote yes on the healthcare bill.  People are suffering and they're afraid.  This bill will hurt too many.
Wow, glad to see you're back at it. Talk about can't keep a good man down...
Thank you Senator for your service and level approach to legislation. Godspeed and prayers for healing.
Hope you are feeling better each day Sen. McCain.
Stay strong! Stay positive! You're a good man! And yes, I'm a Dem and a Vet.
That's great@JohnMcCain!! Do you have any advice for LGBTQ youth who may be having trouble coming out of the closet? @LindseyGrahamSC?
What's the deal with the rumors of a pocket veto.
Please give it hell.  You are and always will be a hero heroes don't have party lines.  You're all American
I'm glad that both sides worked on the sanctions for those three. Esp. Russia since they messed with our election.
No. YOU REST FIRST, John. The reviews can come later. You need to rest. Now. Don't make me get Pres. Obama on you :D
Thank you for defending our great country.
Hope you're doing well, Senator. We're pulling for you.
New sanctions on Russia will ONLY lead to war and more problems. Why don't we mind our own business and stay out of others'
I voted for u for President even though I am a Democrat because I thought u were the best candidate! Please get well & vote NO on Trumpcare!
Please also look at the new healthcare bill. I know you would wish everyone to have the same great Healthcare that we're glad you're getting
P.S. Do not vote for the Senate Health care bill. Mllions will lose coverage, some of whom will have brain cancer.
Glad you are feeling better, Senator.  Please, please call Mitch McConnell & tell him you would vote no on mtp on secret healthcare bill.
Your are embarrassing yourselve you have an excuse for why you are committing sedition and treason against our country take it and go away
You might like working from home instead of Washington DC! Less distracting for sure!
thank you.
Are you ready to yank access to healthcare from 32 million people? Tgat is what Republicans want from you.
Thank you! Can you call in & vote NO on destroying the ACA? it needs fixed, not decimated.  Thank you & get well! Prayers!
You keep battling the beast, @SenJohnMcCain.
Thank you!! Sending healing vibes/prayers! Please help us stop the #Borderwall that will run through many natural parks here in S. TEXAS!!
Get well Sir. All Americans need you!
Thank you Senator.  Praying for you and your family. Please get well soon.  Stay strong. Stand up to your party and make history.
That is good and I hope you're doing well, but are you still going to vote for the new Wealthcare bill to give big tax breaks to the rich?
TY Sir! My husband an I have Mad Respect for you Sir. I am praying you heal fast, and man, you are tough as nails. Take Care Senator!
Thank you sir, for your unfailing loyalty to America.
Stay strong Senator.  This country needs more heroes like you.  My thoughts & prayers are w you and your family.
But first you'll kill us with no healthcare.
Thank you sir.
Thank you! Now pls VOTE NO on MTP to repeal the ACA & instead work w/ Dems to #FixACA. You of all ppl know how important good healthcare is!
Be well, stay strong, please protect democracy.
Sending healing thoughts your way.
Thank you for working on this while you get well (we KNOW you will). #truepatriot
I like knowing you're watching, Senator. There's so few of our leaders I feel that way about these days. Thank u. Take care of u.
So this is why China buzzed our surveillance planes...
Where do you think they got their keys from?
Feel better!
You are a damn fool and I am sure the flames are hell are getting close to you.  You'd like to take the whole world to hell with you LIAR!!!
Get well soon. We miss you!
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Thank you. But why are you not preventing 22 or 32 million people from losing health insurance? Right now, you know how critical it is.
Thank you...now get some rest.
Thank you.
If you're for it, I'm against it.
Thank you Senator. 

What will you do when Trump vetoes it?
Great, we also need health care
This could John McCain time to stand up to the fat fool
God bless you sir, get well soon.
With all due respect, this needs to happen. What will you do if he doesn't sign it?
With your last breath you should finally denounce this POS in the White House.
Thank you.
Can't wait until you're back, sir, to kick ass & take names.

Do the right thing! Time to expose @realDonaldTrump for the criminal he is.
Wishing you a speedy recovery Senator McCain. The Straight Talk Express is needed now more than ever.
In this I am a with you. Keep protecting the us from Russian unwanted intervention. Thanks
Politically, we have many differing opinions. But not on this! Kudos sir! I miss the days of sane, moderate, ADULT Republican leadership!
Glad your recovering nicely! Pls review closely details 4 #healthcare Bribes/loyalty/bully = Death! #VoteNoMTP B the 1 who fights 4 lives!
Praying for a fast recovery,nothing else will do
We thank you for helping keep Russia, Iran and North Korea on our side, we will be very saddened to see them on your devilish side
Stop John. Just stop being involved and focus on your health for God sake. Its wrong of you to fight brain cancer & continue constant banter
Thank you Sir for all your service to America.We need you more now than http://ever.School  these cowards on wat bravery looks like.
God bless you Sen. McCain !
Not a Rep. myself but  the work you do is of a true patriot. Working while recovering. Yet @realDonaldTrump plays golf and whines all day.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery John. We need you!
"This whole Russia nonsense is a hoax. We still to this day have not seen the DNC server that they claim was hacked"
#SethRich is the one that copied the @DNC files AND Podesta emails. I say they were NEVER HACKED by Russia. Prove it #DNC
Thank you sir
How about healthcare John? Do we deserve the care you are receiving or is taking it away from millions okay? #fixACA
Thank you.  Please consider our home state of AZ when you look at health care.  Unless Ducey continues with Medicaid, we are devastated.
Will that make you feel better about killing hundreds of thousands of children by taking away healthcare?  Yep. No conscience.
Thank you! Still praying for you 
Kushner admitted to 4 meetings w/Russia. 45 will veto sanctions! You know 45 & fam betrayed country! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence NOW
Bravo Senator McCain! Now if more in our party had same backbone as you!
Thank you senator. I wish you well soon. In my prayers.
Thanks for all you do John!  Praying for you!
Save our country.
Don't give those compounds back, bulldoze.
Yep!!
I don't EVEN like u McCain! However, u r a man of integrity & grit! I hope to see u thrive as u fight the big C! We need heroes like u!
Good - now work with Dems for a bipartisan health care fix. This mystery #Trumpcare is TERRIBLE for Arizona! #VoteNO
I understand Russia & NK but when will you guys get over your butt hurt with Iran. It's moving from annoying to outright stupid.
@TomWellborn Healthcare Senator. America doesn't want repeal and replace. Will you speak for millions of seniors and vets?
I pray for you to get well , stand up against your cancer and cancer in Iran which is the Iranian Mulla's regime. God bless you.
President won't sign it. Bet?
Get well soon.
Pocket veto ??? R creating that for him ? I gonna follow and see.
Hope you're in high spirits. Please consider breaking with your party and helping us defeat Russia.
That's great John now about that whole wanting to take insurance away from millions thing....
Stop it
Get well Senator John McCain.  Praying for a speedy recovery! We need someone to hold the bad guys accountable!
Thank you for continuing to monitor what's going on but we really need you focused on your health to get back to fighting mode.
Thank you Sir You fight tirelessly bravely to protect our great nation Putting country 1st Praying for your complete healing & restoration
Yay, John McCain!  This Dem wants you well to come back and fight for what is right!  (Ever thought of changing sides?)
wish you had ensured we didn't have a Russian plant in the WH instead. we would not have had this bullshit to deal with . EVERY DAMN DAY.
Get Well and come back JOHN!
Stay strong John McCain. Help us protect our country PLEASE. We are all going down the rabbit hole.
Please urge your fellow republicans to not vote for repeal and replace ACA. Fix it. Please.
... and thank YOU for being a consistent voice on the right side of history on this subject! Prayers going out 2U for a full recovery!
Speedy recovery sir
 Joe!
back to work already?? i'm not surprised! stay strong!
Thank you, Sir. Effective sanctions are key to keeping everyone as safe as possible in these troubling times.
I hope dt signs it now
Are you reviewing that vile #GopCare #TrumpCare before you vote on it as well?
Glad your feeling better brother!
God speed sir. We need you to defend our Constitution like never before.
Good to hear you're back at work sir. Respect that.
Thank you, Senator McCain for loving this country.
We love you Sir. Even tho you are a republican. 
Thank you 
Now lets hope that moron in the WH will sign it b/c he likes 2 hv his name on EVERYTHING but this is not good 4 his buddy putin.
He's going to pocket veto
With hope for your speedy recovery; now, how about guaranteed healthcare for all Americans? Not "access", the GOP term used to confuse
#RINOs We need to replace these with better candidates.
Agree on Iran and North Korea. Cannot help feeling we are wasting an opportunity to engage with a nation to result in our mutual benifit.
Nation that invaded a European neighbour, annexed Crimea, is committing war crimes in Syria and is actively undermining Western democracies?
Glad to hear from you, sir. Ostracizing Russia officially would severely limit our President. We should not treat Russia as an enemy.
We should not treat Russia as enemy? Better close crimes unit & establish cyber crime partnership. What next, unilaterally share voter data?
I cannot defend decisions, but more visibility into Russian cyber may be beneficial. Voting not as big an issue as has been made in media.
Please just retire you have done enough damage Mr Mccain
Will you sanction Trump?
@Zkuy8888 Thank you senator at least one  remains loyal to  not Trump/Putin  speedy recovery to u sir.
We want free and fair elections, we want sovereignty, we don't want elections to be a hacker war where people's votes don't matter

About time!!! Wat took so long for them to get to this
I have 2 autistic sons, my youngest is non verbal and speaks thru a aac device. Both require $$ meds and care. Please vote no on trumpcare!!
Dems need you Maverick! Thank you for REAL patriotism. Let's stop captain narcissist shall we?
THANK YOU! REMOVE TRUMPS ABILITY TO TAKE THEM AWAY FROM PUTIN! THEY ARE BOTH ENEMIES TO DEMOCRACY!
Su próxima muerte no devolverá la vida a los millones que asesinó con sus decisiones desde el Senado USA.
Glad deal finally reached for sanctions on Russia, Iran & North Korea - I'm reviewing details closely to ensure strong, effective sanctions
Get well soon - America needs biu
Thank you for your continued, unwavering service Sir. Be well.
Very glad to see you out with family Keep healing.
Just don't deny Healthcare to 33 million,what would you do without IT? Exemption? Thats very COWARDLY! Not your Idea I'm sure. STAY STRONG.
Thank you.  Now, can you help save the US from the rest of this mess in the WH?  We need your honesty and candor.
Thank you. Prayers for a full recovery. 
Glad you are back. Be well.
What will GOP do if POTUS vetos? #TrumpMustGo
Get your rest and get well! America still needs you!!!
