Take El Chapo's assets. That's 8 billion dollars.  He sent drugs here. Make him pay for the wall. It's a win win
FORGET THE WALL use $ for tech retraining of un/under employed and then give them jobs in border security
Tech training is the responsibility of individual states. Mine already offers it.
Great is it really useful (not just word or excel), accessible, and free? Do people then get jobs?
Jobs are hard to come by here though.  It's a crap shoot on the certifications providing jobs.
We can build security positions instead of walls. These can run anywhere in the country. Should be a given.
The wall was an election promise. He can't break this promise. We can always negotiate on immigration
promises have been broken once in office. I am not for the wall. There are other more efficent ways.
lead the campaign against the Oligarchy. Stand up for true democracy for all.
Israel didn't invade us and poison and kill our citizens... #maga
The country of Mexico didn't "invade" the US. Get a grip....
BS - if there are parts of my country I can't go to because of invaders - it's an invasion
Such as...

These are individuals, NOT the government of Mexico. Big difference...
More BS - the govt of Mexico TELLS them the best ways to illegally immigrate here...
The maps were made by a US/Tucson humanitarian group...
Mexico has supported their illegals for decades to come to USA. It subsidizes their poorly managed economy. MX failure.
So what Senator you are siding with the democrats now? Jealousy will eat you away along with Lindsey G we want the wall
Nieto is not popular in Mexico. Just posturing. No clout.
About to be voted out of office.
. @SenJohnMcCain @bengin1003 @WSJ Trump is sending them $38 billion?
Perfect .... Feelin greater already
Trump is off to a great start - making every country hate us. He is going to cause so much damage. World is protesting!
Move on
drug cartels run Mexico,  3rd world country  machine gun nests at the border,  you see a head, take it off
@SenateMajLdr   WSJ is so full of #FAKENEWS, can't read anything and believe it.  Shame on them AND you. Support POTUS!
McCain, you really prove yourself to be worthless when you let a rag publication's opinion make policy and decisions 4 u
Stop the Aid to Mexico, We will pay for the wall and put some back for the VETS
That is not true. He is trying to work a new deal as we build the wall.
Thanks for standing up to this man-child while your colleagues quiver in the corner
really? 1. Obama approved $38billion aid to Israel 2. Mexico is not Israel  @LouiseMensch @WSJ
neither is acceptable. Remove the embarrassing man-child. Can we demand a psych eval?
@potus @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC Only stupid people would use a damn news outlet's opinions 2 form policy & decisions
thanks so much for telling the Emperor he has no close - unlike the other brown-nosing republicans.
60 @POTUS $60billion in trade deficit w/Mexico.  Definitely USA is getting shaft. But what would McCain care about that?
@realDonaldTrump This is a ploy by Trump to get the most out of Mexico. Can you see beyond your nose ? WE HAVE THE POWER.
too bad that your was'nt the next republican president M Mc Cain!
Donald Trump's border wall proposal will cripple our country's economy and shrink away tax dollars.
This is not the kind of President we want who would be so hostile towards Mexico, Donald Trump must resign.
Donald Trump won't seem to give up his bigotry towards Mexico and thanks to him he already caused a political shitstorm.
Donald Trump is making an ass out of himself to fuck around with Mexico and cause a diplomatic incident.
McCain is so jealous of President Trump.
How much Democrats and Jeb pay you to criticize everything THE PRESIDENT does? He is the PRESIDENT not YOU pal...
retire McCain
Democrat Congresswoman Returns From Syria with Proof Obama., McCain and Hillary Funded ISIS, Exposes it Live on CNN
Senator, you have been in Congress for 34 years & never fixed the border issue Enough!!! Let Trump take care of it!
I don't understand you Mr McCain, I remember a few short years ago you were at the border pushing for a wall? What changed?
So trump sets Mexico up as the enemy rather than Russia
How much longer are we going to be forced to listen to failed campaign rhetoric? GOP, kill this ridiculous, bad concept.
DJT's desire 2 insult Mexico & make them an enemy is pathologic & has irreparably damaged trade w/ them. IMPEACHABLE!
Wall Street Journal? What idiot reads the WSJ and believes anything they write? The Vietnam Songbird.
Thanks for the read #mysenator please keep fighting the good fight for us all. You have my respect unlike others.
Stop trying to Promote anything other tha America first. No more Gloablist Jew World Government. America first! #YEYEEGF
he has a #problem now.
illegal immigrants need is getting out of control.  Drug smuggling and crime need to be addressed at border#buildthewall
Like Israel?  That's quite a stretch.  We have given billions of $ to Israel without any of accountability or ROI on that $.
From the Mayor of Berlin
at least it's an economic war. If u had your way John you'd bomb Mexico into building the wall
We should not be fighting with Mexico!
More Propaganda, we pay 60.7B per year to trade with them,113B in services per year. U are wrong side of this!Do ur Job.
=LIFETIME CONMAN #google USS Forrestal-CarolMcCain Keating5- #NAFTA -Follieri-Deripaska ISIS @WSJ @realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump
TexansWantWall. BuyUSA. Not Mexico sewage chemical cancer Watered Avocados Veggie Meat. TariffMexico.No more Cartel ISIS
It's a distraction from the very real threat of teaming up with Russia to dominate the world.
Lets attack Mexico. I know you're up for that. What country do not want to start a war with? Signed VN vet
Hey Mr McCain, why don't you re register as a democrat!
Motorola was the biggest employer in Az.  Now there is not one factory in Az. How can you support Nafta??
Senatir, Mexico is our friend. We don't need a Wall. There is already a YUGE fence. Stop this man. #ImpeachTrump
Lefty McCain trashing a fellow Republican...you are tired and old.  #retire
Why r u re-tweeting this trash article?  
Give Trump room to work and stop the internal fighting.
LIAR @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ 
https://theintercept.com/2016/12/31/russia-hysteria-infects-washpost-again-false-story-about-hacking-u-s-electric-grid/ …
https://theintercept.com/2017/01/04/washpost-is-richly-rewarded-for-false-news-about-russia-threat-while-public-is-deceived/ …
https://theintercept.com/2016/12/10/anonymous-leaks-to-the-washpost-about-the-cias-russia-beliefs-are-no-substitute-for-evidence/ …
when will you guys realize that our POTUS is possibly mentally ill?
Keep speaking out Senator!
Republicans need to harness Trump before he kills us all
since you're not afraid to stand up pls say no to DeVos.
It's obvious you don't like Trump, but just work for America.!
What a snitch you are!
Who cares?  Why can't you take up for our country with a 60 million $ trade deficit., drugs, illegals. Only Russia
is Killing the Middle Class @WSJ
- NAFTA sent our jobs to slave labor. Big companies pocket the profits. The middle class lost their jobs. We need term limits
Let them move in your House you Glabalist
obama treated israel with respect. he did not genuflect to bibi if that is what you mean.
Senator McCain your not the President so shut up. You have did nothing for this COUNTRY and helped your last buddy OBAMA
Please vote no on Tillerson protect us and the world from oil being stripped from other countries.
DEA: Most Illegal Drugs Enter via Mexico, Cartels Greatest Criminal Threat to U.S.  Some kinda friend.
Unlike Israel who does not send us drug lords, gang members and human trafficking this country Mexico does.
So Trump just gave Mexico 38 billion dollars? Because that's how Obama treated Israel.
@tempteststorm2 the two leaders have spoken. An agreement beneficial to both will b reached.
We support you John! Military family here! Mexico is our friend!
No WALL
http://www.npr.org/2017/01/22/511048769/a-texas-border-town-mayors-take-on-immigration-trade-and-the-wall … Disastrous policies going to cost Americans billions in trade, and thousands of jobs. #Resist
Then DT will HAVE TO CAVE to US majority who NEED Mexican markets!
I'd rather never drink another Corona again than see Mex cave to DT! Mexico--tariff us RIGHT BACK!
DT is threatening a WALL as leverage to reneg NAFTA w Mex. It's a bluff. Mex should ignore our bully. I would rather...
On the wall issue, what's your take, Senator?  A wall doesn't affect trade/legal immigration. BUILD THE WALL!
@WSJWe should be encouraging business and warm relations with our closest neighbors but this is not how the twisted GOP works
Arizona needs Mexico. $7 million a day. Build bridges, not walls.
What about the 60 billion trade deficit ? I guess that's ok with you !
I can't believe there's no outrage re phone call w/Putin to discuss Sanctions, yet Trump can't speak with our ally?!
WSJ?  LOL !
"Amateur Hour at the White House" seems to be the core takeaway.
There is a certain level of decorum required by the President. His disrespect to Mexican leaders brings shame to us all.
Геннадий Викторович Балашов
 5.10 это идея о том как освободить Граждан Украины от государства.
This great film, based on a true story, relates to those coming from Central America now. https://youtu.be/z6BlWzasA3o 
Rep establishment still not listening to the American people.
Thank you for putting country before party. I hope other Republicans will follow your lead. Cooperation is profitable.
do something to fix this situation
Please investigate Mexican criminal tax fraud case against Trump as reason for this destructive insane pursuit vs. Mex.
U put him in the Oval Office, u stand up and stop him.
Thank you Senator!
We the people will hold the @GOP accountable at #midterms for not standing up to #DJT & upholding real #GOP ideals.
@realDonaldTrump ..JM Should check into whether drug cartel(s) supported/financed his election into office B4 ft in th
You have an opportunity now to serve the US more than you could have as president. You have a chance to be part of history.
It looks like Trump is ready to declare war on Mexico because Mexico does not want to pay for Trump's wall. God help us!
Neocon fool who loves Real Big Wars JM should STHU. Mouthing off about ending Mexico's scam on America is ignorant!
so again what are you going to retire cuz I'm sick of listening to you
First week is a international disaster.
The difference, @SenJohnMcCain @WSJ, is that Mexico DESERVES it! For abusing our previous stupidity.
Is this Bannon's White House? Is he the wizard behind the curtain?
Are you endorsing this, or what? You've lost all that you were. Say more than "read this". WHY? What point are you after
Perhaps there's been a war going on already with all of the drugs coming over the border and the gangs sprouting up??
time to stop being a democrat. or it is time to retire. America needs you on our side.
Keep the heat on. Farmers stand to lose bigly in this looming trade war.
If you can't move into today, leave your seat. Not a "maverick" now. Only a pain in the ass.
President Trump wants border security. It's America's best interests that concerns him. Not Mexico's.
does anyone know is the current president of Mexico was actually put in office with Cartell money
correction - know IF Cartell money put current president in office?
You surprised me. I miss the leadership. Build the bridges to make us safe. We are under attack by our government yikes
@ResistanceParty John, This is the distraction. We need you to push for a independent Investigation into Russia and Trump.
Quit being so dramatic! The meeting will be rescheduled. Good Grief! Always war mongering. @POTUS
Why don't you just go ahead and defect to the Democrats' side. Better than having you constantly undermining @POTUS
@John you are the swamp.
#Collaborator 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtreason 

#GOPtraitors
term limits I say! You have over stayed your welcome. #draintheswamp bye-bye
Bad rhetoric. Storming often produces relationship norming which is normal and healthy.
@NicolleDWallace @WSJ Trump appears to be Goliath in search of a David.
you should have been president
.@SenJohnMcCain @WSJ  A must read, although the #deplorable wing of Trump supporters will not agree.
@YvesBoisvert @WSJ Trump needs a good secretary of State. Tillerson ?
good of you to tweet things like this but let's be honest. The president is unfit & dangerous. You need to do more, and soon.
I don't agree with you on so many points,  but I am so grateful to you for standing up for what is right lately.  TY
When your neighbor lets his dog crap in your yard, what should you do?
when will we read “Sen McCain opposes Trump on lifting Russian Sanctions” or “McCain splits with GOP, votes no on Tillerson”?
ISRAEL IS A WAR CRIMINAL. NO BASIS FOR COMPARISON.
60 billion dollar deficit with MEXICO who is winning NOT THE US JOHN MCCAIN Wake up mooron
Do you mean ur Donald  sent Mexico 3 billion a year, gave them iron dome, saw their president come to congress to deride him?
great stuff
@billpostmus @WSJ senator you need to shut the duck up!
John, go home and leave adults to make decisions, not songs.
Go away John, you have become America's enemy
please stand up, Senator! Take this Russian agent down
Allies don't let drugs poor over the boarders.  McCain you are the poster child for term limits. @realDonaldTrump
what are you doing to stop this nonsense
The good will of the U.S., doesn't always receive open credits
This is ugly. Mexico could build earthworks and a network of tunnels to flood the US with meth, suck money out.
The U.S. will become isolated from the rest of the world and international trade will go on, without them.
Relying on you and your colleagues to stop this now.
you are a #traitor
John, You are MIC tool, nevertrumper and a disgrace.  Please leave.
Senator, your party has become a cancer. You've got to do surgery and cut out the tumor.
GOP congress of 2017 will go down in history as the hyper partisan party that destroyed democracy
when will the GOP in congress uphold their oaths to protect the Constitution? We all see the corruption
Prince's sweet nothings in DTs ear? Why r u not fighting this? Repubs need to b more like @Evan_McMullin & #resist DT 3/
does Trump and his incompetent factfree team have to start a war? If he does he will rule w martial law
Time to Retire John.
Yes retire ASAP!
you know this man is destroying the country - democracy- and you do nothing but talk. What action?
the Mexican government is comparing the republic party to Nazi
Mexico is not out "friend" unless that requires US to be suckers, with trade imbalance & high cost of their refuse into US
so what is the GOP congress going to do? Look at Russian influence. Conflicts of interest. GOP silence
China via Africa so we can rape & pillage their resources China is trying to & then spread our "Christian morals" via 2/
McCain has become covert voice of the left.  Can no longer trust his voice.  Started while Obama was still President.
Keep up the good fight. I want America to be a shining city on the hill.
or tequila.
America doesn't need Mexico. Mexico needs America. I don't like Avocados anyway.
hmm so 6 million  us jobs depend on imports from Mexico.
Why r u trying to + military spending? W DT mtng w Putin this wknd r u not worried? R we going to hve indirect war w 1/
help us, please.
What's wrong John? Afraid you're going to loose the help at your favorite resorts.
Senator, please don't let Trump lift sanctions and reward Russian aggression. America needs your moral leadership right now.
@StevenLHall1 @SenJohnMcCain What "moral leadership"? Have you been skipping the news lately?
sir, America needs your help
If only you had the balls to stand up to DJT instead of cringing under his taunts.
Grow some balls John. America doesn't need to keep supporting Mexico w trade deficit, illegals immigrants drugs crossing
@POTUS Mr McCain You are acting more like a Democrat everyday! What is wrong with you? GET ON BOARD! #TermLimits
@NicolleDWallace @WSJ Check out this collage of Trump & Milton Friedman small pieces of speeches:
Sometimes, we have to eat  a piece of the enchilada; not the whole enchilada.
You supported him.
Why does the first by-line have to be a dig at Obama? I was going to read the damn article - but forget it!! 
well the first line was accurate but you would have liked the article
F-U Jerk!!!
that is not very nice. You are supposed to be tolerant as a liberal....
I'm not a liberal I'm probably more conservative than you are but as a woman I'd NEVER be a Republican they're sexist pricks
right. Sexist! You are funny. Now go make me a sandwich.
@TeddyDavisCNN @WSJ Are you going to be vocal about opposing the lifting of RU sanctions? #Dossier  #Rosneft
Keep speaking out, Senator McCain! And, thanks for being a voice of reason. You are our champion.
And She's a liberal Johnny - let that sink in.
What are you going to do about it?
25th amendment
thank you please continue fighting say No to Devo!!
You still don't get it Senator.  We are going to secure our border with or without your help.
Trump's just getting his feet wet on Mexico. Practicing for bigger fish. Impulsive and has nukes.
Awesome you posted this John. You are smart enough to realize that Mexico and China would make great trading partners.
Stand up to him then!  He's one man. You're in the Senate majority!  Do something to protect us from his dangerous ways!
thanks. The real issue is Trumps call to Russia and the lifting of sanctions. That's where we need u to fight
@realDonaldTrump is a nut case.
Isn't it a shame that our Sec. of State is unqualified? How did that happen?
A jolting reminder of the consequences of diplomatic amateur hour. #TwitterDiplomacy
So you will not be supporting the wall, then, right?
American people will end up paying for it no the end...
Mexico does not equal Israel, a state with apartheid!
