John McCain, why have you been IGNORING YEMEN? What part of, "The USA is assisting Saudi to commit GENOCIDE in Syria don't you understand?"
Because #Yemen is not as politically convenient for McCain as #Syria, etc.
Great disappointment, all books are old. Have you read any book about #Yemen? If yes, please recommend it.
Sorry?
What do you mean?
Jon McCain favorite books list
Is the draconian health care bill and its devastating effects on this country on your reading list? I hope so. Keep the ACA in place.
Try reading your job description and get to work Democrat McCain
Seriously?  This is what is on your mind right now? Good grief!
No really, it's summer and some of us can't sleep because you can't stand up against the criminal Trump enterprise 1
Drone
qué?
Why don't you try to help Americans rather than taking vacations and hanging with that idiot Lindsey Graham?
Really?  Healthcare and Treason and you think we care about your Summer Reading?  Step up Senator
@SenJohnMcCain Diplomats have been advised that certain members of @POTUS inner circle to be treated as possible hostile foreign agents.
@SenJohnMcCain reports out of  PM's office say that orders have been given to consider @POTUS a threat to Western Democracy.
Is it about the collapse of Democracy in 2017?
Oh Senator bookworm. We all remember the time your running mate couldn't name a newspaper. calling them " all of them"
No time for reading we need you to get more involved with this trump RUSSA thing or are you going to do nothing again sir
Are they all about making war?
You need to get back to work and read the TERRIBLE #Trumpcare plan that hurts AZ vets/seniors and the #Trumpito emails! #TrumpRussia scandal
Can you please get something done, some work replace Obamacare, if the Republicans can't get something done there is no reason to vote rep.
Thanks Senator McCain. This teacher thanks you.
No vacation for congress until we have an Obamacare replacement.
Read your constitutents wish list: affordable health care, a trustworthy president and a trustworthy GOP. Thanks for understanding.
Sure would like to enjoy a good book this summer but I'm too distracted by Trump and GOP disgracing my country.
Thanks for the recommendations, Senator. My suggestion add A War of Deception to your summer list, debut espionage novel by @unspywriter
I love ya boss but you need to get to the bottom of this and be more vocal stand up and fight SIR that is why we elect you year after year
this my favourite books For my summer 
Senator - please grab a nice big stack of your favorite books, head to your favorite rocking chair...and never come back!!!
Hope you'll take the time to refuse any form of trumpcare and just clean up the issues in Obamacare. So much more efficient.
One has to know how to read first
You an avid reader? give me break
Say John have you read The Constitution of The United States of America.
Have to get started on "Matterhorn", a novel of the Vietnam War.
Try PROFILES IN COURAGE!!!!
.@SenJohnMcCain Try reading Thomas Paine's Common Sense & then go to Church and PRAY that God gives you get some
Maybe spend a little time doing something about the Trump family selling America to Russia?
No healthcare but a job for the wife. Reading suggestions from a man that graduated 894 out of 899. Get to work on stopping Trump.
My reading list is checking to see, every day, which republicans wll call for impeachment.
John. John. We have no country left. Blocked voting, destruction of environment, ruled by 1%, inhumanity to man. And, u are reading books.
A couple to add to your list Senator: 1984 and Handmaiden's Tale.  Perhaps might enlighten you.
Please sir, full repeal of Obamacare. Thank you and God bless.
Yeah talk about everything except what matters #RussiaGate #SaveACA #TrumpcareKills
http://Senator.You  were elected to serve your country; not be a literary critic. This is disturbing. Nero fiddled while Rome burned
Too busy reading about your buddy Trump and his relationship with Russia.
Please review the history of medicare and medicaid
Medicare — Origins and Evolution — NEJM
Why do you support a president who doesn't read? Isn't it disgraceful to have such a know-nothing in charge?
Impeach him.  Then I can read again.

How about u read the constitution and the laws regarding impeachment proceedings? It would be nice if I could leave a democracy to my kids
Well, given the state of your mind, I think I'll try to avoid reading as much as possible.
It would be awesome if you quit playing for Soros, and follow our @POTUS agenda. We voted for him, we want things done,or we'll vote you out
How about u try to make Arizona great again? Ya know, with healthcare, good schools, state parks, etc.
It would be awesome if there was no summer break for y'all so y'all can finish the new healthcare package.
We the people would encourage congress to read what their job is legislate not vacay
Have you read "The Manchurian Candidate" or "All The President's Men"?
McCain reminds me of Nero. McCain fiddles as our democracy burns. Great philosophy drink more water, read a book, great stuff, get wife job.
I read a neat article in the NYT about how Trump Jr likely colluded with the Russians in the campaign. What have you read lately?
WAKE UP AMERICANS AND GOP ON THE MAN BABY  TRUMP WHO HAS COMPROMISED HIMSELF 
&
AMERICA JUST TO BENEFIT HIS FAMILY BUSINESS 

GET HIS TAXES
Why don't you spend this time telling your colleagues to leave #Medicaid and #ACA alone?
As my senator, I recommend you read a refresher on impeachment proceedings.
Whey don't you grab several go to a Hut in the jungle where you fill at home.
Thx @SenJohnMcCain for encouraging reading. A well-read citizenry is the best way to solve a great many of our country's problems.
Thanks for the recommendations! May I recommend "Collapse" by Jared Diamond.
@aStillSoftVoice
With all due respect; US is a giant dumpster fire thanks to Trump Crime Mob, yet you, the "esteemed" Sr Senator puts out a summer book list?
Seriously U need 2 tell us books 2 read when U have enough 2 do in Senate Shameful  NO VACATION You just had 2wks Get My Pres agenda done!
How about you read the Trumpcare bill.
I'll read if you take MAJOR stand against the crimes being revealed under your watch!
Certainly interested....but also interested to hear your views on healthcare bill. My family loses sleep every day.
Senator lost a good friend today. Damn shame they didnt share their realtionship publicly.
Have you read the "revised" healthcare bill?  Cause that's a bit more important right now.
How about Articles of Impeachment?
I voted for u sir. I believe u are a patriot.
Manafort>Pence>Flynn, Ryan laughs,
Must go to @OrrinHatch
1984 .. Good book senate might want to catch up on their reading this summer Also another good read.. The. Constitution
. & emulsion clause
John, when are you and Sen. Graham going to the WH and tell Trump it's time to resign?
Your job is to investigate ties with Russia and the Trump Administration.  Do your job and let Oprah handle the book club.
You've got an investigation coming your way.
Any books about senators supporting treason?
Are you kidding? This brings inanity to an epic level. Take a look around. Our democracy is under assault by a GOP enabled crime family.
that's a pretty heavy selection! nothing a little more fluffy?
How about getting to work for our country? #MAGA
Are you taking summer opportunity to read Trumpcare bill and take stand against it?
Nice list! I'm reading Murder on the Orient Express right now!
And you are preparing to vote to take away healthcare from millions. So much for being a patriot and representing the people... 2
how do you have time to read, when there is so much slop in the White House that needs addressed?  #straighttalk
Who has the time or the energy to read for pleasure this summer?!? I'm scared for our country, Sir. Please help us!
Great list
Is "The Manchurian Candidate" on that list?
When are you going to call for Trump's resignation? Stop the nonsense!
Hope you'll take time to retire this summer!
Thanks but I am pretty sure people are more concerned about losing health care due to what you are doing in the Senate.
What are Democrats doing - or have they proposed to do - for the 2 million people who lost insurance this year due to Obamacare?
Thanks. Funny that DeVos didn’t say anything like this.
I'm sorry Sen McCain....I'm to busy trying to learn Russian due to this Admin.  I don't have time to read anything else.
Do your job and deal with the #TrumpRussia problem!
Looks like @SenJohnMcCain will be busy being deposed in defamation lawsuits re: phony Steele dossier. Deserved. He betrayed his voters.
