After ONE WEEK ON THE JOB I WANT HER GONE !!!  She has a problem with Joy and its noticeable.  Meghan straighten up or UR OUT 
She lost all credibility when she supported trumpy after he shit on her dad in the primaries.  She's party over country until dads insulted.
The only thing I like about Ms. McCain is that she never liked Palin.
Yeah, back in the day she seemed like a sensible Republican. But man, for her to back DT after saying JM wasn't a war hero??  Unbelievable.
I agree. I even thought she was an OK Repub. She used to be on Rachel.
The operative word USE TO
I wish the View cancel like a car warranty - 30 day return$  
i will be sure to watch this one--should be very interesting & Sen.McCain doesn't lie


Excited to see the show.  Big fan of @SenJohnMcCain
The American hero’s where those who died in Viet Nam. I came home and I’m no hero.
AWESOME
I'm looking forward to it; see ya Monday!
Will be delighted 2 see/hear from Sen McCain. I’ve always been a fan. I think Megan is holding her own at the table.
Great! Love this Man! Even as a Republican, he reps All People and will call a Foul a Foul! Meghan please follow suit.
Never watch the view. Like watching the grapes of wrath. Miss meghan on outnumbered..
So here we go with another hour of Trump bashing. Just Pathectic
You don't have to watch.
Oh I don't and I now I don't matter but all he hate is not helping America.
If you weren't watching you wouldn't know what was discussed on the show.
I DO NOT WATCH ANYMORE BECAUSE THERE IS TO MUCH HATE BEING SPREAD.
THATS MY OPION 
YOU HAVE YOUR OPION
AND THATS OK THAT WE DO
Just try it with Meghan. She actually stands up for Trump
Meghan spends so much time with that sour look on her face and pouting that she can't speak an honest comment.
And Joy Behar doesn’t? Obviously you don’t pay much attention. Meghan is the one voice of reason.
Great!! Good to see a man of honor and integrity speaking any time. John McCain 
This will be epic !!!!

Respect admire grateful 2  @SenJohnMcCain u want respect 4 dad not why he still serving or didn’t make way for new ldrship or abt fractures
Love McCain, Meghan has to go!! #badfit

Trump is so anti-marine sanctuary & animals & pro oil drilling, dirty fossil fuel, etc. I don't think 45 would like dolphins.
Guess you're missing the point... Wouldn't  expect any less...
I honor his service , but Meghan, u need to work on ur body language, the hair smoothing, side eye to Joy, etc

Love it.   Love John McCain

Want to see John McCain he's the only R that has balls and a brain. I want to see his daughters reaction to his comments.
Can't wait, will definitely watch.  Senator McCain @SenJohnMcCain You are our hope for standing up to this administration....thank you! <3
OK, I'll watch for that because I have respect Senator McCain as a hero to all Americans.
General John Kelly put your @RepWilson  to shame today.  You disrespectful women on the view should be ashamed of yourselves.  And many have lost respect for John McCain now also.  You all need to grow up.
Lawrence: 'Stunned' by John Kelly's attack on Rep. Wilson http://www.msnbc.com/the-last-word/watch/lawrence-stunned-by-john-kelly-s-attack-on-rep-wilson-1077490243772 … via @msnbc
No one cares about your sick Soros fantasies. The good news is your use of the desinformatisaya strategy #6 ”Discredit” has earned you an entry in today’s Desinformatisiya Prize competition! Good luck! (Fingers crossed!)
You sad conservative trolls are so predictable I have your additional entry ready! Using debate strategy #3: "Attack" earns a 2nd entry in today's Desinformatisiya Prize competition! A man of your obvious discernment and talent is sure to make it to Desinformatisiya Grand Master!
BTW, the judges have determined that school yard taunts are not an effective desinformatisiya debate strategy and do not accept entries for the Desinformatisiya Prize Competition from this category. Try to up your game. I'm rooting for you!
Love you on @TheView but please please please STOP defending the guy living in the WH, he has treated your father with such disrespect
I am always open to listening to someone who has wisdom & experience. You will always learn. Knowledge is a check you can cash any time.
The truth about Traitor John McCain spoken by Vietnam Vets.
Love him! Prayers for @SenJohnMcCain . You r a hero to me!!! Wonderful man!

Inevitably he’ll go on there to bash trump. That Sarah palin loving treasonous coward.
Well said Mrs. Vaughn ....

I can't tell you the joy it gives me to see you Alt-Right types tearing the GOP apart. Please continue!

I can't tell you the joy it gives me to see you Alt-Right types tearing the GOP apart. Please continue!
And Trump no better ...
That’s the best place for this traitor
https://youtu.be/nf7TBmcGrGM 
Keep on the good work this Pres. needs to be stop

NAVY RELEASES McCAIN’s RECORDS – McCain was personally responsible for the deadliest fire in the history of the US Navy hero daughter hummm
Lol! Bunch of fat, old cows. I thought they were moving to Canada?
Now we know he is a Democrat in a Republican suit! The View? WOW!


John McCain you going to try to destroy your own party and your constituents some more before you pass you fu%#ing traitor

Look for more Trump bashing from another trump hater .....excluding @MeghanMcCain but we'll see where she sides
Oh that will be special. How embarrassing. Hanoi john on the view!' Bahahahaha
She fucking sucks!!!
Ask him why he committed treason and why he is a disgrace to this country.
I want you to ask Senator McCain how the republicans have allowed the nationalists to take over their party. I've never agreed with the republicans, but now I don't even recognize them anymore. They are like something out of the Twilight Zone.
Quickly tiring of Megan riding on her father's coattails.
Proves.McCain is a dem pretending to be an American.He and Graham go on any dem show that haves them.Then he can bash Trump,best pres ever.
Looking forward to him.  I thought Meghan would be good but her first week was a disgrace.

 
Thank you President Trump for exposing the truth about these people who are really against America and Americans!Job well done!
John McCain Committed TREASON on The United States !
Senator singing bird



Meghan does not speak 4 all military families or vets even though she thinks she does. I respect her Dad but she needs 2 stop the lectures.
And what they want from u is a bashing on your president.
Traitor
Please get rid of Meghan McCain! She refuses to see anyone else's POV!  She has tunnel vision.
There won't be honesty in talking about the disgrace that is in the whitehouse. More party/GOP over americans. Potus is a farce.
She owes @RepWilson an apology for totally mis quoting her today! #Slander
I've watched the view since day one.  Jed was so much better at getting her point across than Meg. Also get more conservatives, need 2+
Megan will be this shows Scaramucci if she doesn't get it together. She's coming off as rude and angry and putting party over country!
Can't wait  & THANK U Sir @SenJohnMcCain for your OUTSTANDING Service for the USA 
@MeghanMcCain is not a good fit. She looks awkward and sounds extremely unintelligent. #shehastogo
Will not view @senjohnmcaun is a trailer o his country & president & conservatives
Who cares ! He should step down,enough obstruction in America
I cannot wait to see John McCain and Meghan McCain on the View. As your DBACKS Guest Services Rep. I love you both.

So much for 1st Amendment, I guess it is ok only if it is what you want to hear. Hear both sides and learn.
They need to ask McCain why he's a turncoat by voting to take funds from medicare/caid to give tax breaks to rich.Ask him why his health...
..is more important than ours.I don't like his daughter and have not been able to sit through your show since she joined your cast.
Regret ever voting for John McCain and GW Bush!These politicians need to take a good look in the mirror!All of them!
Meghan McCain is not a good fit for the View.
I want to hear how it feels for Meghan to walk that razors edge of being a conservative in the times of Trump?
Hate the view!Hate that we actually voted for John McCain!Thank God 4 President Trump!President Trump has exposed the truth!America wake up!
So I still can't stand Meghan on the view !  I think she should find another gig !  Yikes !
Her and her dad both fit in well with the table full of stupid liberals.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1405989792829649&set=a.650547668373869.1073741828.100002559246334&type=3&theater …
I have no interest in her being on the show at all. Ever. Hire someone who needs a job.
Exactly where Baghdad Johnny belongs, pleasing the Marxists Party & kissing the ass of the msm. Done it his entire career. Have fun girls.
Listening to the consensus will only help. no to Megan, whoppi stop being rude to Sonny and glue sara to that chair, she has to stay 4ever 
OMG I can wait!  I wonder if she'll smile for her dad. she has frowned at her co-host and every guest since joining the show! #GoBack2FOX
Not interested!
Can you please throttle JOY. She was very RUDE & obnoxious several years ago when you came on with your wife.
I can’t believe he is going back there!!  Joy and Whoopi treated him with total disrespect the last time he was on with them.
GAG!!!  John is a traitor now who has lost all of our respect.  There is NO way we would watch them on that show.
I really respect this man, he's a American true hero. But I wonder if this is how his daughter got this gig?
#WeThePeople
https://www.needtoimpeach.com/ 
Good. I hope he tells his daughter that she does not speak for all vets and is not the authority on all things military
She is more than anyone else on that panel? What are you even talking about?
Big score!!! Tuning in..wouldn't miss http://it.love  you ladies!
The left has no sense of decency no morals no values that protect life and property you look down on hard working Americans
What I have learned from the left is ignore the poor people but tell them how to take care of there families you ignore victims of rape
You can choose to live in your worid we voted trump why because we despise every single one of you telling us how to think and live stealing
I hope Joy can handle it. Destroying her "Liberal View " show.
My message whoppie is get your butt out and talk to everyday people who can't there bills because there taxes are to high no jobs yea right
Does anybody on the view ever defend the hardworking people who struggle to feed and house there families no you u should be ashamed of u
OMGOSH I NEVER WATCH the view but thanks for that heads up he will fit in nicely with liberals on the view my be he will reveal he is a Dem.
John McCain is useless to America replace him with his daughter
Publicity hog!He'd go on ANY show w/ANYBODY,HAS to B center of attention!He'd sacrifice ANYONE&I DO mean ANYONE to get notoriety!DISPICABLE!
Can he come and she leave...
Never watch these ignorant women.
Then I will be there FOR SURE!!  #hero
Joy and Whoopi are so fantastic Sarah is always sucking up to whoopi and dissing Joy. Megan has no sense of humour so doesn't add any fun.
Meghan McCain is a horrible host, she comes off boring and hostile.  Bring back Nicole.
I'll be sure not to tune in... The View is now being deleted off my taping schedule! #Dissapointed ABC!
JOHN PLEASE GO HOME !!!!
Can this be her last show, please? She’s been a horrible addition. Every time I try to watch it now I have to turn the channel because of her horrible attitude about almost everything.
I Will Be Watching 
Fire her. Please.
Not sure I’d be proud of having that turncoat on the show. He’s a disgrace to American politics!
The reason for #termlimits
All these women have strong opinions and she is not holding her own! They are walking all over her. She isn't like her Dad!! She is stiff!!
Im from AZ and if Meghan is going to be apart of my most favorite show, she needs to be more aggressive or she will never be heard!!!
They better give him notes so he can remember what questions he is asked.
Please take Meghan McCain away.. I guess I will stop watching The View.
Btw, we've been loving her father over in congress & also pray everyday for his complete recovery. He's America's rock star.
NOT ppl or media DT Did! Kelly shouldn't attack Wilson by mischaracterizing her appearance at opening of new bldg! Kelly looked like shill
Get rid of Megan! Sanctimonious Twitter! DT opened his BIG MOUTH as usual & compared his (2wk late)response to Obama 1st! DT politicize it..
Twit not Twitter darn auto!
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/10/gold-star-widow-releases-potus-trump-call-tell-children-said-father-great-hero-audio/ …
Wow another trump bash day what else is new
It's time for @MeghanMcCain to go! I'd rather have Jedidiah back than her! She's rude and awful! 
3.stop exploitation.
2. Friend w/brain cancer gave intimate details, She would have been mortified prior to cancer.
Meghan McCain, the Lost & Found Dept found your personality and sense of humor. Please retreive both as soon as possible. Thank you.
1.why is everyone exploiting John McCain? Brain cancer often impacts temperament, what he says.
The tension between Joy and Meghan is intense. I don’t think Meghan is long for this show.
What is wrong with Joy she's spoiling the fun for the birthday! She's interrupting everyone like she's rushing people!
Producers just using Megan McCain to book her father on the show. sorry that Joy cut you off when you voiced opposing view
Who cares!
Ask him about "wet start" that resulted in deadly fire, why he was removed from ship immediately after fire,why his POW records are sealed?
Love that Meghan speaks up to the opposing side.  Keep it up.
Is this your attempt to make @MeghanMcCain more likeable?
Nice now maybe we get some clarity, because his daughter should go back to Fox News, the fake news station.
Wonder if his daughter will try to interrupt her Dad like she did Nancy Pelosi
Great, looking forward to it. Perhaps he'll also remind her how to use civil discorse & stop snarky comments directed at Joy.
Oh, but Joy can? WHATEVER!!!
TRUMP 2020!!!!
MAGA
LOVE @realDonaldTrump
BEFORE HIS NO VOTE N ANTI TRUMP STATEMENTS=THIS SHOW BASHED McCAIN AS MUCH AS THEY BASH TRUMP=ALL FAKE HATE MONGORS WITH TRUMP DURANGEMENT
Meghan is constantly interrupting everyone.  I get that there is a lot of passion in their opinions; but this is becoming excessive.
John Mc Cain Traitor
Puerto Rico voted for Hillary not Donald that's why everything is slow. #whoopie
#theworstpresidentever #orangemenace is ground zero for EVERY trending topic! He and only he starts the nonsense #ImpeachTrump
The best part of the view is the serious and the funny can mix. Megan has no humor.  Shes just to serious for this show!
Meghan is way more annoying than her dad
You have now called all of us "half baked nationalists".  Well, we're going to turn the heat up on fools like you and we'll be fully baked.
Meghan is another repressed @GOP stepford woman, seriously, who the hell chooses them @TheView? Angry, bitter, u can feel it thru the screen
Bye the view @MeghanMcCain is annoying i can't
Shut up Megan fox troll trump base girl
Eewwwww! Get Meghan McCain off! Gross.
I can c why @MeghanMcCain sunk so low 2 join these ignorant women, just look at her fat a**.  Dressed like a 3 yr old today. New low Meghan.
@MeghanMcCain please knock it off @realDonaldTrump made this political him and only him.Oh by the your not liking Joy is starting to show
It upsets all of us but we don't get to ride the fence on this one by saying "all sides". 45 Should never call anyone to give condolences.
can't wait until Monday to see you on The View!
Megan YOUR FIRED
Meghan please stop with the "all sides" stance. Like in Charlottesville ,you can't equivocate the disrespect and the first politicalization.
And please admit YOUR PRES is & always has been the ONE MAKING EVERYTHING POLITICAL....put the blame where it belongs
No respect no service we have seen trump in action. Keely escape goat.
YAY!
Can't stomach your daughter
Kudos to John McCain! Fighting the good fight until the end.
Shame on you Megan..Trump and Kelly.ARE BOTH WRONG
The congresswoman was NOT wrong in speaking out ! She told the truth. Something Trump and his whole cabinet are INCAPABLE of doing.
Baahahahahahaha!!!!
TRUMP 2020!!!!
MAGA
LOVE @realDonaldTrump
She has no business being on that show. She belongs at #foxnews. You can take a girl out of #foxnews but can’t take #foxnews out of her.
Why would anyone want to watch that!!!
You should rename your show #TheLiberalView. That's all you care about. #Hate #Violence #Division
To the producers: I won't watch @MeghanMcCain 
What a horrid choice
Poor @JedediahBila 
Poor @WhoopiGoldberg
wont be watching...he sucks...liar, and a RHINO...hope is he gone soon.
you mean the same ladies of the view that completely TRASHED him in 2008?
