Just one vote McCain. Shame on you!
Yea dammit. I wanted my damned HEALTH INSURANCE TAKEN AWAY FROM ME!! I WANTED TO PAY MORE AND BANKRUPT THE SYSTEM DAMMIT!!
You must live in a state where obama care failed. I'm sorry Trump will #maga
Is this how you #MAGA?
No but 1 million new jobs, highest DOW, biggest government reduction in  spending. Stop watching CNN
Stop reading the Enquirer. 
Haaa nope comes from government sources...again you are welcome that I work my butt of so you can enjoy Medicare
Yea, you're too easy to argue with. I gotta run now...toodles!
So funds to increase our military will be priority over building a largely unpopular and likely ineffective border wall?
Which, as we knew all along, in spite of the lies, Mexico, was not going to pay for....
The Art of the Deal DJ. Read it buddy
The United States Constitution...read it "buddy." Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 is of particular interest.
YOU need to take a basic High School government course in order to realize that
I am a legal professional who specializes in constitutional law. You need to wake up.
Oh, like  Nobama!!! LMAO  you're fooling no one. A LEGAL PROFESSOR my A$$. 
Funds diverted from a ridiculous border wall would be better spent preparing our military for the major threat of North Korea. Right?
@realDonaldTrump @MediaBuzzFNC @USNatArchives Sen McCain, where were YOU when Obama was cutting our military budget. YOU sir are responsible
@realDonaldTrump Really, WaPo has an army of journalists who all they do is look for dirt on Pres Trump. Don't YOU think they're biased! 
Bad leadership! Not up to par. Maybe it is being done on purpose to stop our fleets by our enemy.
stretched too thin is your Republican loyalty. I believe those accidents are terroristic in one way or another
agreed
Watch "The TRUTH About John Mccain’s Shameful Legacy is GOING VIRAL!" on YouTube
retired friend shared concern over too much cross training not enough training to specifics
Going to cover this one up as well with tainting good soldiers careers? Songbird!
Yet you slam POTUS.  Be productive and unite not separate
The Navy has been told over the yrs to take 3 crayons and "shut up and color" instead of taking the whole box...
Find a military force that hasn't said that in history.  Ever.
Agree
Thank obummer and your cohorts!!!
Traitor
Always criticizing - please just do your job for US
Excuse me...I'm looking for the John McCain fanclub. Can someone help me?...Hello?....   Hello?
Are we sure navigation systems were not hacked? Incidents are strangely similar.
Or Leaked?
Thank Obama.

You know dam well that Obama ignored the need to continuously build and sustain a strong military.
Watch "McCain’s Deathbed Secret Just Came Out About What He Did To Men He Was In Captivity With" on YouTube
https://youtu.be/l9QAoefWQJI 
Planes into buildings, cars into pedestrians, large ships into destroyers. See a pattern? Look for real cause
Thank you Sen McCain - you're voice and morals are strong - true #patriot & Christian.
That fiction was hilarious.
What the he'll does two ships colliding have to do with a thin navy??? You have really lost it. Please retire now!
The ships are trash heaps nothing works on them.
Agreed!  It's time to put more sailors on more ships.  My heart goes out to the loss of life and to the loss of careers when penury rules.
Maybe radar doesnt detect the miles of garbage in the pacific!!
This is the real @SenJohnMcCain  http://redstatejournalist.com/?p=3684 
STOP calling yourself a Republican. You're an embarrassment. Switch parties and get OFF our side !!
We don't read #FakeNews CUCK
When did McCain become an expert on Navey ship accidents ? Oh wait, I remember the Forester explosion he caused that killed 133.
You're reading one of the most anti-American rags.
If u truly cared about the will of the people Ocare would already b repealed!
Still not as bad as the USS Forrestal you caused
the side that you're mostly siding with these days did the stretching.
We've been building up to this nearly 40 years now. Don't let your attention span deficit limit where the frustration needs to be pinned on.
Blame your good friend BHO for trying to destroy our great Military
Could you BE any dumber Dude?
Interesting article and provides explanation to what seemed like inexplicable collisions...
Reading the #FakeNews is contributing too your incompetence. Stop reading WaPo.
And the three headed half frog babies! Come on #WaPo...get WITH it! 
God taking out of service anything named McCain
Thanks to you and your gutting the military, obama
No Johnny like the Fitzgerald the REAL story is not being TOLD! We are ALLOT SMARTER than that and YOU!1st

Really???  You could have fooled me on that Repeal ObamaCare vote 
And since we are putting forth the "stretched thin" theory a policy to ban human beings willing and capable to fight makes sense why?
My Navy friends say more practical training and less computer-based training is desperately needed.
Agile navigation in tight quarters w/civilian traffic is a bit of a "reality" drill challenge wouldn't you think?
Happened while YOU were in DC! What did you do about it?  Only Hear from U when criticizing @POTUS. Did U complain about Traitor Bergdahl?
Appropriate named ship. Represents your politics.
Thanks for your service. I'm a dem even. Lots of respect sir.
If any other Navy pilot had done this, the Navy would probably have raped him&he would probably still be in the brig.
McCain's wet start” caused the death of 134 sailors and seriously injured and took the ship off the battle line for extensive repairs.
@Tmgneff an honest American businessman from NYC did what you could not , get over it #MAGA 2020
A lack of support you approved.
Retire rino
Yes your right to thin but you and the rest of you so called republicans did that you let the ass Obama gut the military thanks ass hole

Same as you .Incapable.How many did you crash ?Traitor who ran from Forrestal Aircraft &let mates burn to death.
Weren't you on those committees? WHY DID YOU LET THIS HAPPEN TO OUR MILITARY?????

Probably shouldn't named after a traitor.
You failed..this you will need to live with . Praying for you to step down . Do the right thing for once.  
No wonder it's named after you.
Well when we are trying to go to war with every other country what is expected?
Bush and barack responsible for it.Don't you dare try to blame this on our great President Trump. U helped Bo weakened it
Could this be the new terrorist form of insider killing?
You criticizing Pres Trump for pardoning Arpaio is a joke. Nixon pardoned U for treason or u would've been court martialed
Good thing you're not in the navy any more. Historians say U were a show off and it cost the lives of 134 sailors.  Sad
WaPo has no idea. We pray for these sailors.
Tragic...kind of like firing of a missile on an aircraft carrier that almost sinks the ship and kills sailors
McCain: best Navy in the world on my watch, but the ships are liable to be hit by anything in the oceans.  Just saying.  Not my fault.
The 2 of U struggling to hide McCain's incompetence. If commercial ships can run down our Navy ships, what has moron been doing?
What a bunch of crap. 2 navy vessels get run down by commercial ships. What was wrong on the bridges or in their guidance systems?
@realDonaldTrump McCain, always reading the wrong material. WaPo doesn't care about readiness.  WaPo cares about U stabbing POTUS in back.
I suppose that is Trump's fault too, even though he is not the one who shrunk the military.
Instead of making more waves, pray for the people in Texas. You are such a hypocrite!
The military lost many good leaders, NCO and OIC the last 8 years.
Yeah, maybe we shouldn't be worried about the Black Sea region then.
Or Inept Leadership on those ships
...and the behaviour of the us grey ships does certainly leaves a lot to wish. My most sincere condolences to the sailors and your navy.
...the international rules of the road. Basic knowledge of how to behave at sea. I have encountered the us navy many times on the oceans....
Glad U have good health care, thanks to Obama and your vote budget subsides. To bad U could not help fix our health care. BAD JOHN
Dear sir. As a master mariner I as my self if the us navy needs more seamanship education, as bridge resource management. And respect for...
Still talking and only helping your self. We finally got a President who will work for the people,  not line his own pocket. Get on board.

Yes because  Obama stripoed it bare.
McCain keep your ideas too yourself. you dont have any room to talk. By my late fathers navy talk says to me you area trader to our country.
"Force stretched too thin..." McCain, u should stay off twitter ya dolt, tweets like these bring attention 2 ur tenure of failures.
We are war weary.
Well, you were in Congress for decades and under 8 years of Obama's military cuts for social engineering, what did you do?
Many Times Just Drifting-What Are They Dropping Off Or Picking Up With Thise Smaller Vessels? We Know And Soon Everyone Will!
Well McCain Did You Get All Those Illegal Weapons Dropped Off From Bulgaria? We Are Noticing A lot  Of Illegal Black Outs While Out To Sea!
http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/watchwomanonthewall/2011/04/the-45-communist-goals-as-read-into-the-congressional-record-1963.html#c2BSgvfocxvOsO7L.99 …
Dems With Help From McCain , Ryan & Others Have Enacted This-They Are Already On # 22-We Need To Stop Them!
I thought this was due to hacking!
"Stretched too thin" Sen. McCain please give me one example of where US military action has benefited US in last 50 yrs. #BringOurTroopsHome
Traitor
Just another John McCain f*ck up!! Even his name screws up. What a pathetic legacy!!
Thank you former President Obama....
U can thank Obama for that.  Navy force is skeleton.  73% of lanes can't fly.  Where "did" they spend the money?  Tried 2 dismantle defense.
With your name on it, it was bound to crash. Just like the jets you tried to fly. Only control you could read was eject.
The only question i have is why they put your name on it. Should have put your name on a tug boat ss traitor.
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/901534433424977922 …
You have SOOOO written your Legacy and now it is not one to be proud of
And you did nothing to stop Obama from dismantling the military, you even voted to cut our military compensation while you got a raise
This is due to the incompetence & negligence of @BarackObama & his Administration.
Good point. Hey, let's spend a few years and lots of lives and money in Afghanistan!
I think Fat Leonard corruption case going to highest Navy levels in that neck of the woods speaks to other problems the Navy has, too.
No it's incompetence!!
