how about his defense of Iran/contra or maybe his dissent against protestors of the apartheid? Racism is a good reason.
Don't worry they'll find one the same way the Republicans found a way not to support Obama nominee what's the big deal.
I would like to warn you that your own party is gunning for you. Watch your 6.
I run counter Intel on occasion, for fun, & word from Repubs is they want you long gone.
Democrats are afraid of conservative judges. How will they leglislate around our legislative branch w/o liberal judges?
all nominees are under suspicion since the entire government is under suspicion of Russian interference.#Investigate
What about the Dems right to appoint while Obama was still in office?
Being more or less a Democrat myself, we couldn't ask for a better conservative nominee.
I just wish we had either @Gorsuch or @SenJohn McCain in the White House
Here's a good reason. Also, I'm from Chandler, AZ and I vote. #StopGorsuch #WeObject
heck yes! #weobject
#StopGorsuch and #impeach #PutinsPuppet

Our govt is not for sale or open to foreign despots
Maybe not, but you are fortunate not to be facing re-election in two years. Your GOP colleagues however... #election2018
How about Merrick Garland?!
not a single good reason, huh? Please don't be so obtuse. Especially when we need good people on both sides of the aisle
The nominating President may have been installed by Russian interference in our Democracy..that is a single good reason.
Totally agree.. the Dems were supposed to pick the next one and the Repubs blocked it.
With a president under FBI investigation we can't confirm his SCOTUS candidate
yep.
No, and the sooner he get confirmed and gets on court the better!
really? How about we can have a Russian/compromised president pick a life-long American Suprime Court Judge
Here's a reason: MERRICK FUCKING GARLAND
his judgement on the IDEA case against a child w/disability to have a chance of getting help with education says a lot
one good reason to oppose? He supports #citizensunited 
Another? He was picked by #PutinsPuppet
More? He's anti-choice
I have one good reason, Garland.
Not true!
@SenWarren:
Delay Gorsuch vote bcz of Russia investigation @thehill

#DamnGoodReason!
You know better than this. That seat was stolen. Be a man of honor and oppose this guy. Protect America.
and what was the GOP reason for not even having a hearing on Merrick Garland?
well Senator, then it up to you.
No reason to oppose Garland. Hmm. Ooh, I know! How 'bout guy who nominated him under investigation for ties to Russia?
That's a hell of a Freudian.
After today, how about the same one you used when opposing Garland - no vote during a President's last year in office.
 Truth!
Well John, it was really the Dems choice to pick and you kids would not allow him that privilege.
Yes they do. He sides w/ corporations that have taken wrongful action. Big corporations BOUGHT him for $10 million.
Yes, they have. A business is NOT a person. People deserve death with dignity.
1 good reason to oppose him is Garland should have been given a hearing. Is Garlands seat  All obstruction tit 4 tat
Gorsch is pro-torture, anti women, pro big business, anti labor...shall I go on?
it was an extreme injustice Congress failed to do their job over a year ago!
How about NOT ALLOWING @POTUS to have lifetime nominees until after #FBI is done investigating. We deserve facts first.
when is your party going to stop this lunatic!
I can oppose him simply because he is ultra right and does not hold my values.  We ALL CAN!
The fact that he hasn't refused the nomination, knowing what Trump is + ongoing investigation. A single good reason.
Republicans didn't come up with a good reason for Obamas pick either.
GOP came up with no reason, good or bad, to oppose Merrick Garland.
They have, Sen., and it's because both Garland ploy and current admin are beneath you all. One too many compromises sir.
Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
So when Republicans stop acting like the disgraceful hypocrites that you all are then you can start complaining, John.
Republicans didn't have the decency to give Garland a hearing...............
@JeffFlake The Dems came up with plenty of good reasons to give Gorsuch the boot! You are simply ignoring them!
this is a joke, right? TRUMP IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION! He doesn't get a decision in squat until it's over #trumprussia
pro choice rights and LGBT are the first two to come to mind. Cooome on John !
to give your party a hard time.
- they should oppose it just like you did last year. What was your reason???
Hmmm. You could convince your constituents by actually doing a town hall.
How about women must ask for permission to have a baby from their employer? #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
I AM surprised you don't, being the traitor that you are
Except that they had their right to nominate a justice stolen in a shocking usurpation of presidential powers.
there is no good reason, the Democrats are just Obstructionist, they have no shame.
A president elected with the help of Russia shouldn't pick SCOTUS. Why are you not outraged? POTUS is illegitimate.
Here's a reason; Putin's puppet Trump wants him, and as we Know, Putin is no friend to America.
How about "Trump colluded with Russia on election, doesn't get rewarded by filling a stolen SCOTUS seat." That works.
maybe we can because it should have been Obamas guy. Sorry ass Republicans.. #trumpsuks
Will he support repeal of Citizens United? If not, that's enough!
what good reason did you have against Garland?  Democrats oppose gorsuch because he opposes basic reproductive rights.
I do trust John McCain above anyone else but still not sure about Gorsuch!
And your reason for opposing Garland?... You sir, are a hypocrite.
I respect you, sir, but: Why didn't YOUR team swear in Obama's choice for that seat? You played politics...they are too
Trump campaign WAS UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION during campaign & voters NEVER told. #PauseThisPresidency #Trumprussia
I can think of one!  Trump picked him...
maybe because Gorsuch is an excellent choice!!!
you should have had hearings for Garland a year ago.
he's a tool for the 1%, that's good enough for the 99% but maybe not for the WSJ.
he's not a bad choice but with the BS the R's pulled with Obama's choice, of course they weren't going to make it easy.
How about being closely associated with the Koch brothers and possibly Mercer?
How about siding with corp CEOs instead of working people, religious right companies over employees on birth control?
THEY KNOW IT IS A LOST  CAUSE,,,
THEIR ONLY
ALTERNATIVE
IS TO
STALL ,,,,,,,,
WE SHOULD JUST
PUT HIM IN!!
Republicans had no good reason for denying Mr. Garland a hearing. It would be nice to have Congress work together.
What was a single good reason not to give  Merrick Garland a hearing? #hypocrisy
I lose respect for you because you don't take responsibility the last Supreme Court nomination.
<-- You are a democrat. Your actions towards our President has proven that. You will not be reelected on the next term. @WSJ
And #GOP didnt have a single good reason 2 not meet or have a hearing 4 Merrick Garland! #ResistTrump #NoGorsuch #lies
And you had no good reason to obstruct Garland but you did it anyway. Disservice to democracy, dishonorable & u knew it
PAYBACK did republicans have a good reason to oppose President Obama supreme Court nomination. NO they did not
Is it true he said that 'women try to manipulate companies... re maternity leave'?
@GOP is so hypocritical. #gorsuch
Actually, Senator Feinstein came up with several.
#stolenseat #MerrickGarland #Trumprussia  REALLY?
Give Garland a hearing, pause hearings for POTUS nominee until after independent investigation into russia collusion. #CountryOverParty
then they can use the fact that he said that women manipulate compy's & they shd b able to ask if they will have babies
He is nominated by an executive under investigation. You should be leading the call to pause hearings! @SenJohnMcCain ,@JeffFlake !
He legislated from an anti-woman position, he believes women work for maternity coverage and quit after babies. He is anti-family.
Merrick Garland
how about the reason it should already be Garland's seat??? #gorsuch #garland
He's NOT Merril Garland
Wrong!
What exactly was a single good reason GOP blocked Merrick Garland for 293 days without even a hearing?
Because Obama should've named the judge and was blocked. Maybe that's what the huff n puff is all about?
, he's a repuglican, Trumpian stooge. 
That good enough to oppose him?
How abt formal investigations into #TrumpRussia  #CountryOverParty Also GOP had no good reason NOT to even hear Garland?
Mr. McCain, you severely disappoint me. Now you're just playing politics.
Thanks for doing so much to delegitimize and politicize the #SCOTUS by denying Garland hearing. SCOTUS now lacks cred.
two reasons, Garland and Trump under investigation.
Sir, I applauded you for your support for Montenegro's joining NATO but must disagree with you on this.
Here's one.  Merrick Garland was nominated first after Justice Scalia passed.  He deserves a hearing before Gorsuch.
You're still going on about the noms of an admin under FBI investigation? Seriously????
except that the repubs stole this seat and the @POTUS.
I'm sure you'll come up with something
would love to know your objection to the last nominee. Please enlighten.
Here's a good reason... his name isn't Merrick Garland.
Your 'party' opposed the true nominee. Abortion rights. Gay marriage. Do it sir, please. Compromise before peril.
Except, Garland was never even given a courtesy vote.  Shame on all of you
give Merrick Garland his hearing first.
How about that it's a stolen seat and belongs to Merrick Garland??
...john...you're wishy-washy..we all know what is important here...No appointments until #Trumprussia is over
Sure you will be able to help the resistance.
what was republican reasoning for opposing #MerrickGarland ???remember...it's #Trumprussia for all of us
Just that he is abigot like most Republicans.
If GOP didn't refuse to put Pres.Obama's nominee to vote, you would have some credibility with me. Dems should go high.
#MerrickGarland
McCain it's time to retire you old fool!
Sir, you are not paying attention to the bigger picture and the compromising of our democracy by putin and WH comrades
@JefeMcJefferson ....just like Merrick Garland?
Right or wrong, it's really all about the shabby way Garland was treated. Can't the GOP understand that point of fact?
other than the fact that there shouldn't have been a spot on the court for him to fil?
two words: GARLAND nomination. And you CANNOT move forward w this while DJT is under scrutiny for Russian influence.
Merrick Garland ,there now you have a single good reason.
Sorry not Republicans seat to give   Merick Garland was a fine choice and should have had a hearing. Typical Rep
the same way Republicans wouldn't even TALK to Merrick Garland?!?
Good Reason: He believes mothers abuse maternity leave #stole seat
Good Reason: he's an enemy of disabled children
stolen seat.
what about the fact that the seat should not legitimately be available? Its enough for me.
You mean, other than rampant partisanship? Like@what you used to oppose Garland? Shame on you. You stole the nom.
Are you F in' kidding me?  Right wing zealot, anti-choice, pro corp. money.
I demand that you stand in the way of Anything @POTUS tries to do. The White House had been infiltrated.
to block vote as Republicans did to P Obama. Stop his appointment!!!  Karma
Oh really? How about the fact that it was Obama's choice to make. How about the fact that @POTUS is a Russian agent
Here's one good reason to oppose him:  the American people should decide who fills the seat in the NEXT election in 2020
the GOP blocked Garland under principle that POTUS 45 should fill the seat.  As TRUMP is ILLEGITIMATE, Let 46 fill it.
Wellll, but how about plain old fashioned copying of Republican obstruction !! Its ok if yu do it, soooo, we will too.
courts are to meant to protect Americans from authoritarian government
other than he will be a rubber stamp for @realDonaldTrump illegal actions
He was nominated by a Russian agent. Duh.
the best reason is that he was nominated by a POTUS under investigation for treason.  Do that make sense to you, sir?
Really, Mc Cain? And what was the reason Garland never got a hearing? #russianhacking #ComeyHearing
people just want justice Gorsuch to not be a rubber stamp for the GOP like Scalia was because it makes SCOTUS a joke.
No so, "Reproductive rights, Religious conservative, his environmental record is questionable!
Other than he will help set us back 50 years? You're right. @maddow
So, we need to pick just one? Man, that's gonna be tough...
Chronologically, the first is that the guy that nominated him is a racist, egomaniac bully that took shots at you on TV.
Or, has @realDonaldTrump gotten over the fact that you were captured? #WordsMatter
try your party behavior to Garland
other than it's a stolen seat
how about discriminating against women's equal cost to healthcare in favor of one groups religious beliefs?
why are you quoting @WSJ how embarressing for you
You expect Dems to support him when you wouldn't even give Garland a vote?????
They learned to say no from u guys. Payback.
after what is going on elsewhere on the hill, THIS is what you're tweeting about? You're better than this Senator.
How about a sitting president being investigated for Russian collusion and SC appointments are for life?
Republicans had no good reason to oppose Obama's nominee either. And he was a better candidate than Gorsuch.
How about this then, it isn't his seat!
FACT: #Gorsuch decided in favor of the right to discriminate against #LGBTQ ppl on basis of religion in Hobby Lobby case
Garlands seat was not stolen, however congress should be ashamed for not giving him a hearing. #constitutionalduty
Not a single reason, many: Garland, stolen seat, Russia, unfit prez, Compromised admin
I am angry that Garland was not given a hearing, even if he wouldn't have been voted in. However, Gorsuch is qualified
this is not true ..his views need to be reviewed first before any decisions are to be made.speaking a bit too soon here.
Other than the fact that he only has corp intetests in mind? Please do not vote for him sir.
what was the good reason to steal our nomination?  Conduct by GOP seems to be a good reason
The comments on this are so retarded. "It was stolen!"  God, did these clowns deserve to lose last November.
here's one:  Merrick Garland
There are many good reasons, the GOP just hasn't listened to any of them, again. What happened to Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland.
How about the fact that the democratically elected sitting president's pick got ignored by the @GOP?
paybacks suck. Plus he was nominated  by a criminal. Wait a week.
EXCEPT, he is a Hypocrite if he accepts a Stolen Seat. Why people think you are unbiased, is beyond me.
Well Merrick Garland is my only reason and it's enough.
Merrick Garland.
ALL focus on. Trump/Russia. GOP decided months ago SC nom could wait for new president. So let's wait for the new pres.
Major reason, the position is not his!!!shame on you, there was no reason not to confirm Merrill Garland.
he supports Citizens United that's 1 good reason.
maybe because he was nominated by Russian puppet who you are afraid of?
I have one: he mistakes religious grounds for ethical grounds for his decisions.  With this admin, could be worse...
expect the pick itself was stolen but yea I guess other than that
How about the fact that this is a stolen seat! How about the fact @realDonaldTrump is an #ilegalpotus aided by Russians!
Because you repubs STOLE the seat. Shame on you.
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND
I think right now if Dems even said, "because I said so", THAT would b a "good reason".
Independent commission on Russia!! Gorsuch can wait,not high priority (Garland)! Maybe illegitimate appointment!
this seat belongs to Obama appointee. That is one big good reason.
You mean just like the @GOP didn't come up with a good reason to oppose Garland?
Best reason is that his name isn't Garland.  That's more than enough.
u mean other than the fact Garland was robbed of getting a seat? Oh yes..there are more reasons John..i used to admire u
Deep respect to you, sir, but he was nominated by the liar-in-chief. Anyone with Trump's endorsement is suspect to me.
after what Reps did to the Garland nom, I want Trump investigated before allowing his nom. Anything
It's a stolen vote...let's start there.
Except that seated belonged to Merrick Garland. The honorable thing to do is vote on Garland 1st, even if he loses
Merrick Garland
how about metrics garland
Other than GOP hijacked the process during Obama administration.
