TOO LATE! THE SPEECH IN MUNICH WAS DEPLORABLE AS FAR AS REMARKS ABOUT THIS PRESIDENT GO.
I voted for you when you ran for Pres. Shame on me for not knowing your position on @EPA Shame on you, #WaterIsLife !
Make sure we have clean air and water.
Hope they enjoy the health affects of drinking contaminated water and crops coated with poisonous chemicals !
And screws the world.  Great, think only of yourselves. Good people want to save the environment for future gens. Shame.
and the same day buying a gun for some people became easier, what a day indeed
you can have clean water with choking economic growth...liberals are challenged with intellect is involed.
@potus Thank your Commander and Chief the Honorable Donald J. Trump. #TermLimits #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp
Please, please Mccain give your support to our President. I understand why you would be upset with Trump.
Trump knows in his heart you are a war hero. The reason he said you were not was him fighting back.
His calling is far greater than than this dispute. He probably will never apologize to you for his words.
Accept my apology on his behalf. You are a war hero. He needs your help. Please help him
what is wrong with you??? You can afford your Aricept!!! For Pete's sake, take it!! Up the dose!!
Wow watch out! You actually said something good about the President!
Senator, not victory. Greed doesn't = victory.
BUT, a HUGE loss for us citizens 
wow Mccain supports trashing out lands.  The rules are there for a reason
About Time. These idiots will be pissed when they have no food to eat can't win either way.
haha it's actually a plan to get rid of redneck trump voters cancer dementia birth defects less us army cannon fodder
Got to be careful with this sir. Water is scarce here in AZ. Polluting what we have would not be good. Tread lightly.
In other words, a win for businesses, a loss for the environment. This is nothing to celebrate.
Business is what makes America & keeps her going + pays for those entitlements u cherish. #MAGA
no... Our children deserve environmental protections...
a small victory for a few businesses at a huge cost to everyone. Either you are being short sighted or corrupt. #Mesa AZ
Please be respectful to President Trump at your townhall.  If you try to divide the Republican party you will loose
I wasn't completely sure until now, but Senator, you are terrible at your job. Srsly. The 'rest' of us need clean water/air
what you are celebrating.
Bad move, I had hopes you would help protect the people from this pathological liar, so much for hope.
@JeffFlake Sacrificing clean water to corporations is not a victory for American citizens #WOTUS
it's the small farmers and ranchers not just the corp you guy love to fake hate
polluting our water and environment while big business makes money and little people get sick and poisoned. This is a
Ah Arizona, the same state that is threatening people who are protesting.
You don't listen do you! Americans are building a REVOLUTION! We don't like how you and Dems wrecked America w/Soros!
Trouble maker !!;
I see the commitment to states rights and limited federal government are alive and well. Hypocrites
again taking credit for something you had no part of...TRAITOR...looking forward to your fall
@POTUS   @SenJohnMcCain @EPA  when you accept that you cannot be as successful as other people...........>>>>Join 'em
Very bad and dangerous for clean water eo. Will reverse. I say! 10. 
Think long term for God's sake.
A sad day for Americans who drink water!
REALLY DO SOMETHING. WITH THE SPEECHES D. T IS READING " DID HE NO WHAT HE READ"
I need secure line you & @potus * deloyploy south of Euphrates 173rd airborne division trickle down Overwhelm ASAP
what do you say to trump insulting our troops (again) with "they don't fight to win"?
U r a Traitor
grrrr. This is the only planet we have. What will happen to those same ranchers with record breaking droughts?
I thought you loved our state! What will be without clean air/water/soil?
what?  A good word about president Trump?  That must have been very painful traitor McCain
phew, for a minute there you had me fooled- you really don't have our best interest at heart. McCain is back everyone!
@JeffFlake The only people who consider this a victory are your corporate sponsors.
such a sad moment for those of us who care about the environment
drinking the kool-aid. #disappointed
not!  What about the future of our environment? Our children. Thought you were smarter then this
how the hell do you sleep at night johnny. You are a sell-out to the Middle East
Sen McCain. Get on the Trump Train now or your time will come to an end. Americans will not suffer fools any longer.
I hope you're listening to our responses. We don't to end up with pesticides in our water.
If govt doesn't regulate the Colorado River, build Hoover Dam, Arizona would be cactus ranches, gila monster homes
GET BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT AND STOP BEING A NUSANCE~
Incase you haven't been listening, the majority of Americans don't want the EPA gutted.
ThankJohn, there hope for the GOP!
Don't you like clean drinking water Senator?
no thanks to you
Nope. It's not. We all lose. Short term financial gain for some. Long term problems for ALL!
why didnt u do that a hundred years go McCain??
I am disappointed in your view that removing restrictions is ideal, for years, we have suffered from upstream polution
GOD bless you always
I work closely with farmers and the environment. Can't agree with you on this one.
and a huge loss for the rest of us who still want to have a healthy world to live in. Thanks.
what about protections for water quality?  I want to be able to drink water without fear of contaminants!

Good for Arizona! Now, do right by the rest of the country & fight for the things that save people's lives like #ACA
Good thing homebuilders are happy, sucks for the people who drink/fish from water. But if corporations are happy....
Polluted waterways. Now there's a concept we can all embrace.
Abandon Trump...our Democracy is a price to high to pay.
Started following you with hopes of you standing up for America guess NOT once a hero now a traitor.
Short-term gain while harming our environment? U should push for better than this. The kids of Arizona's farmers matter too.
McCain shut up
And yet a loss for the people of the US, our children and future generations.
#budgetcuts #termlimits #Disgraceful WOW something good to say when it impacts your state. #onceahero #nowazero
Amazingly I think you guys have found a way to sustain life w/ only $$. Please fill us in, the rest of us require water.
Painful stab at our Mother Earth and Life itself. Shameful!
has way to much power, then need to be taken done ten notches !
that's right now back your president and stop undermining him!
Seriously? John?! They need to breath, drink/use water?!? You do a dishonor to country, planet, generations
So are you FINALLY ready to get onboard the #TrumpTrain #POTUS is ONLY trying to HELP USA. Cutting costs 4 farmers #MAGA
c'mon dude. You're better thank this.
who cares about the environment? Clearly, not you
shame on Senator McCain. The Colorado River is vital in your state. You should protect it & all of AZ.
And a defeat for clean water and the environment.
Really? Water is the new enemy is it?
Wrong.  We need to protect the water.
.@SenJohnMcCain .@EPA But not for the human beings to have to drink water in this country.
It's selfish and damaging and you know it's wrong
you have to be kidding.
Is this a pat on the back for the POTUS? It was not that hard!
And impt FU to those of us who prefer clean water!
Hard to believe you was for this.
who needs water? Thanks a lot. Continue to let the American ppl down
NOT! This is terrible! Our air is hard enough to breath. This will make it worse. #cleanair #cleanwater
For the first time nearly ever....we agree.  I still want you to retire.
You are wrong & you know it. Hope U R ready for prosecution 4 UR part in WH coverup. Amer. will never forgive the GOP.
But not to people who drink water.
Please find out what happened to the seniors who were attacked by the police at Immigration rally. Falls very dangerous.
Just when you start making sense, then you start spouting this nonsense. You realize we all have to live here, right?
@POTUS McCain you are such a traitor, quit tweeting you didn't have anything to do with it
Oh, come on. I was beginning to think you could MAYBE be a reasonable, moderate, and model republican #wrongagain
so they can use more pesticides to run off
I hope you have a good water supply. Oh that's right, you live in a arid desert and steal your water.  Mexico gets  
The regulation had some problems, trashing it is wrong. needed a little work to fix instead.So sad
May be good for farmers.  The concern is it good for the health of the people who work, eat and live near farms.
I'm pretty sure @cher won't be bringing you bottled water
Was that a complimentary tweet for @POTUS. Way to go Senator. Finally a positive comment.
Right, because clean drinking water is so overrated #wotus
Except that those same farmers builders and ranchers need to DRINK the water too. No win there sir.
Make up your mind you're either on the train or off @SenJohnMcCain....
What About repealing prohibiting mentally ill from getting a gun? How is that sane? #StepUpCongress
I'm from Colorado, I like my land & rivers. This was the wrong thing to say yes on. You will be drinking our bad water.
You were elected by citizens.  Not special interests.  After the monied interests leave- citizens will still be there.
I call bullshit!
- and I thought I liked u
that would be no thanks to you; please retire
Do you know what it ISN'T a victory for?  Anything downstream!! (crops, humans, animals..)
You spelled "billionaires & profits" wrong.
you are kidding me!  Still in big money's pocket eh John?  You have no morals
becsuse who cares for future generations? Water should be a priority. Or does @SpeakerRyan want to privitize that too?
You can't really believe that in your heart.
since ur 80 u won't be around to watch that water dry up.ARIZONA what we're you http://thinking.VOTE  DEM.
How does this help people who can't find safe water? Or w/contaminated water? Due to industrial contamination.
John I'm for the roll back. . How about you make it law?
i always thought water was a necessity. Even business owners need clean water #uselesscongress
Sir, at what price to our water supply do we keep industrializing our agriculture and farm animals?
but consider the cost.
you can't be serious
I'll concede that there is sometimes EPA overreach if Republicans will concede that we will always need the EPA.
RUSSIA
quit trying to derail our President you trader. You lost the respect of Republican voters. Schumer loves you with a wink
.@SenJohnMcCain @EPA You are so on the wrong side of this issue.
If there's a simpler way that protects the environment, great - but irresponsible 2 just dump regs as a publicity stunt.
Hey John how long are you gonna sell out your party and buddy up to Schumer and Polosi. The Dems use u like a tool.
But not for fish or birds.
Boo
Agreed Senator...how about a nod to our @potus for effecting some positive change...the balanced position would be nice
Terrible. People's health should always come before business interests.
how soon we forget there's just this one earth to pass on to future generations. Terrible move.
@JeffFlake And a defeat for anyone with respect for the #environment & likes to drink clean water.
but as what cost. For such a respected leader, this is a shortsighted view and panders to those with money.
so, I see you have sold your soul to support special interests. Great job.
how do you like the fact that DT blamed the military for Ryan's death?  I would think you'd comment on that...but guess not.
clean water should not be a partisan issue.
do your job.  #IndependentInvestigation
wow!!!! Is that a supportive statement?
killing off water and air protection is a good thing?
I pee you get it downstream.
You don;t want me peeing upstream of your supply- right? 
Extrapolate that out.
Simple ?
Let's UNITE to DEFEND what we LOVE!  ATTACKING what we fear IS NOT UNITY!
Nor does it defined WHO WE ARE!
when there is no environment, no earth left maybe you and corporate America will care. Those rules were needed!
Cutting EPA's budget by 24% is disastrous for our environment.  Not OK.  No way.
no, there were no victories. If you understand those rules you would know they were actually good for farmers and AZ
Ok, does this mean you will stop being so yellow?
sad
get consistent Mr McCain. With all due respect I've been quite disappointed in you in recent weeks.
not so much for everyone else
Arizona's water, for the most part, drains from my state (Utah).  WOTUS protected us!  U R Wrong!
Great victory for dry stream beds. Not so great for actual water. You know, the kind humans drink.  @EPA
what About our children and our future!  Support the EPA!!
the beginning of an Era where environmental protection will be a thing of the past #climatechange #BIGOIL #profit #SAVEplanet
I hope you're right. Don't come to Canada if you run out of water.
and it totally screwed the country
I respect you, sir, but this was not a good outcome. Natural lands are important.
Now expecting you to author new legislation protecting the rest of the nation's actual water.
bottled water is a good revenue stream for Wal-Mart
Your Job As A Politician Is To Keep America SAFE! Rolling Back The EPA Is Dangerous For Public Health!
any modicum of respect that i may have for you is fleeting swiftly.  Truly a "maverick": doing what YOU want for Money
Not so sure that was a smart move. Water belongs to everybody not just the business class. Responsibility might decline.
Wouldn't want clean, potable water, essential for life, to get in the way of big money agribusiness, huh, Senator? SAD
You are sadly mistaken but no surprise... $$$$$ for you
Did you say something nice about @POTUS ?
this is not a victory.  We need to protect precious water
Sorry Sen. McCain, occasionally the environment and our health has to come before business.
who's gonna farm and build houses when everyone is sick from bad water, air??? Shame on you again. Senator
I guess they don't need to drink clean water.
Maybe ppl in AZ would feel better about this if you would meet w/them, answer questions &address concerns.
he won't, like most Republicans, he's afraid of the consequences for his pussyish actions. Did I 1/2
exchange America with Germany in Trump Speech = Adolf Hitler
Will be looking into and following the money on this...has a familiar ring to it
hooray for filthy water! Great work, America!
Take A Stroll Down To Your Neighborhood BlockBuster Video Store And Rent "Erin Brockovich!"
it will likely not be in the long run. More short sighted, narrow in focus legislature that will placate people
