
Oh, hey @realDonaldTrump. 
I hope you are feeling well and treatment is going well. You look good in the photo.
Julia, you're a leftist, SJW. You don't like McCain. You only like that he doesn't like Trump. Don't worry, we're not reelecting McCain.
Don't pick a fight where a fight isn't needed. That's what trolls do. I've wished others well too, including Scalise.
You only are against McCain all of a sudden after him being reflected after ALL these years because Trump is mad at him.
Swamp creature, career politician,  everything that's wrong with our two part system!  Term limits NOW!  Vote them out.  Dem and Rep.
I'm from Arizona. We're not re-electing you and I think that you know it. 
Go buy your condo in Florida.
Why did you kill good health care in America John why have you road blocked poor people's  rights alot of Americans are with out now
How much money did you sreal from tge taxpayer this time
What are you doing to fix this?  Iowa's only ObamaCare insurer seeks 57 percent rate increase
Dear Sen McMain I hope your treatments are going well. You look on the mend! Stay strong!!
McCain please switch your party affiliation  RINO. The Republican party no longer wants or can afford your B.S. I pray you get voted out.
Dear Sen. McCain please stand up for the American people and call out the GOP to fully denounce Trump or forever be known as The Nazi Party
Another brainwashed libtard!
Thought you were undergoing treatment?
RETIRE! #phx doesn't want you, our governor or our mayor.
Senator McCain please ask people to not get violent next Tuesday when POTUS is in Phoenix! He's the leader of your party!
That wall says it all.
You see we are a strong party
They all know you are a traitor and took the hope of good healthcare from Arizona and its people. #MAGA
U may represent the State of Az, BUT you DO NOT represent the ppl of Az b/c ur a FRAUD who has NEVER been elected U have only been selected!
Please Do Not allow trump to gather for a  campaign rally  in Arizona. Bad for AZ moral.  White nationalism in Arizona? Wrong place.
How about your meeting with the Charlottesville leader? How did that one go?
You're disguisting. Can't wait till you are out of office and out of our site. Weasel.
I am your boss. I want your resignation
When you going to pull your head out and support our president?
#traitor #democratMcCain
Why are you still here?  Go off into the night and stop ruining my health care!  No one cares about you. Your legacy last a few news cycles.
Looks like you greet a lot of people. I hope the DNC will invite you to do some rallies for them.
He helping you plot your next war John?
who is this friend you are with?
Surprised you have any friends left after you betrayed the people by voting down the repeal of the ACA. #RINO #Traitor
Keep working for us John
Trump To cut disabled veterans benefits
Mr. McCain you are a traitor they sold out American sovereignty for money to the Muslim brotherhood and now you praise theANTIFA  Nazis
John McCain supplied arms to Isis now he attacks freely elected POTUS you are a traitor to the American people  God have mercy on your soul
John McCain the traider song bird Keating Five
Thank you Senator McCain. U have always been an American hero.Putting country first. Now you are working while receiving treatment.Bless you
You are looking well Senator McCain!
Ummmmm .. no he doesn't. He has brain cancer... and deservedly so 
Omg..
I'm so angry I could spit nails ... what next, the Lincoln memorial? The Statue of Liberty?
Can't lie, started tearing up when I saw this the 1st time.. it's killing me, what we're becoming..
I understand completely.
Nice! Rex Tillerson said they are going after everyone involved with these attacks!

. Now what are you known for again? Traitor.
Saying your final goodbyes? Or was it a ruse
Great pants. That's all there is
How are those fake chemo and radiation treatments coming?
Good old Lap Dog McCain🖓
Your out of state trolls must think you are POTUS and not the Senator from Arizona. Where's your outrage over their hate speech?
Care to explain this?
Be a good liberal.
Spend MY money.
You get ALL the credit.
два козла блядь((
Sir, the Potus is literally mentally breaking. What are we going to do? He's talking about pig blood bullets again

Your words mean nothing until you call for #ImpeachTrump !
McCain America was good to you, now it's time for you to be good for the Americans. it should be your priority,bloc the social predators.
Who cares what you say u r a traitor to ur party.
We don't want trump in AZ. I will protest, cause I'm a really bad person according to trump.
Perhaps your time is best spent with your family. Thank you for your service.
Arrest fraud insane Congress/Senate/Clinton,Bush Obama Gangs ASAP.Economic Sabotage of USA is High Treason crime.
Fellow Patriots, Free your Nation from Home grown financial terrorist led by Goldman Sachs Bankster gang on WALL ST
FRAUD JEB HENSARLING,MAXINE WATERS, OBAMA &NETFLIX TERRORIST GANG AT SEC/FINRA/FBI/DOJ/FSC NEED TO BE ARRESTED ASAP.
Arrest fraud insane Congress/Senate/Clinton,Bush Obama Gangs ASAP.Economic Sabotage of USA is High Treason crime.
FRAUD JEB HENSARLING,MAXINE WATERS, OBAMA &NETFLIX TERRORIST GANG AT SEC/FINRA/FBI/DOJ/FSC NEED TO BE ARRESTED ASAP.
Nice to see you Senator! The prez obviously hates Arizona. Yay! Nobody wants to be liked by a Nazi-lover. Hang in there! We love you!
OK, but can u do us a favor & take a peek at the TL of Mr. "let's get all the facts first"?
Please do NOT let him bring his insanity to AZ.
He could bring it to wherever he wants in case you don't understand things he's the president of the United States
Looking good Senator!
The lone insurer on the marketplace in Iowa is planning to raise premiums 57% in 2018.  You can thank the "honorable" McCain Iowa.
I will! Thanks for the update.
#DoSomethingGOP

#dosomethingGOP #Impeach45
Even though the NAZIs are disgusting; they are only looking more legit from a lack of outrage at serious and daily leftist threats,violence
Grande popolo della libertà

Another way to bilk the taxpayers? Hmmm?
Dear John, 
Yes, to Rio Salado. 
No, to everything else YOUR party represents. Do something, but it's your choice.
Thanks for your service.
Can't wait for the Trump Rally as we #MAGA
Dear Senator: I respectfully disagree with your statement on the Virginia riots.
ANTIFA are committing felony assaults all over the US.
McCain seems to love himself quite a lot with all these photos of himself behind....thought he chastised Trump for such things
Trump just suggested we commit, Persecution, Extermination, Murder, Inhumane Acts as a Crime against Humanity. Now that he's done this, shou
ld ANY atrocity occur, he will be held responsible as a superior. By the ICC states where we have bases. It's incitement of the commission o
f war crimes and since it's the president, a Crime against humanity (the Nuremberg, Tokyo, ICTY, ICC, SCSL precedents). He's taking himself
Out and needs to be removed as quick as possible he's destabilizing the nation and putting us at risk of sanctions if that happens.

Oh, guys! Yes you are super!
长官：身体怎么样啊。

He must be embarrassed to have a traitor, liar, murderer for a friend. I know I would be.
Now it's time to set up that meeting about #StepUp and #ImpeachTrumpNow  -  Don't waste time - the man is totally #UnfitForOffice
He's the best President we've ever had. Thank you very much
Everyone is entitled to their opinion -   I've seen no evidence of that claim, however!
