That's because God is giving him time to Repent, but he's busy Working for Soros to Ruin America! Hell has RSVP waiting for Him!
God help him because he did right things for himself. His success will be your Redemption.
This is your problem.  My friend.
It is many of R problems. U will find in USA many of us want McCain to get out of politics. He lines his pockets while strangling ours,
McCain save those people, I believe he can save more.

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump w act unlike @POTUS44 @BarackObama Hussein & @TheDemocrats #SongBird!

Vietnam Vet #Traitor!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMcYqtayU7c …
Here is McCains strategy:
He had a real good on in Nam didn't he

@SenJohnMcCain Why haven't you disavowed Svoboda?  @stranahan 
Let's try a strategy that might work.  Let's get the hell out of there, declare victory and stop endless wars!
John McCain is a TRAITOR to the AMERICAN PEOPLE! 
GET RID OF HIM!!!
Last time we listened to your strategy we got  Libya and Syrian war
People of Arizona.  Please urge Sen. McCain to retire.  He appears to be losing it.
I'll pass on your suggestions when it comes to MIddle East Mr. McCain. Thanks anyway.
Songbird the warmonger.... never enough
How long have we been there???
How long have you been in office??? So after all this time, now you have a plan?!?!?
TERM LIMITS
Any strategy designed by McCain would worry me. He's had a part of every failed strategy for almost 30 years. But now he has an idea!

Highly misleading title of the article. 
#Ukraine produced missiles for #Russia - #NorthKorea's ally. 
RF most likely source of techno leak. 
John McCaine STAND DOWN THERE IS A CHAIN OF COMAND,YOUR NOT IN IT!!!!

Your advice is how to lose an airplane.
This guy is an idiot, why do you still think he's actually sane?
Keep it to yourself - our President is doing fine in spite of Dem & Rep traitors in His government.  Praying for your well-being at home.
so he can sell arms to both sides
Just shut up and go away songbird.
The most successful 'strategy' would be for you to resign immediately. You no longer care about AZ but care more for lobbyists
What is the difference between For the people and Of the people. Your were elected not selected.
Save yourself retire, your actions are child like, Federal workers will pay more, even you because of your actions.
There IS no tide in #Afghanistan u nitwit. We lost!
Nobody wins wars in Afghanistan. Get our troops out of that sick country now! Blow up all poppy fields as a going away gift!
Trump is crazy. He rambles and makes no sense. He thinks war is a child's game. You are the one who can do something. Please stop him.
John. What is it going to take for something to be done about the WH. You are a man of character. Do Republicans love America?
What! To allow Erik Prince to take over. You're a joke.
Who cares what you say, you are a liar, you promised to repeal obamacare and you lied to us.  Pathetic hypocrite.
McCain is a POS I have nothing but contempt for this F**k
You? Strategy for success? Joke, right?! Go home and contemplate your failures.


Don't listen 2 McCain anymore,he's not 4 the people,he's 4 himsdlf,he's a RINO,LOST HIS MILITARY GUTS & GLORY,CAN'T USE US ANTMORE,NO BALLS
I really need you to know were scared to death this pres.  Will lead us into nuclear  war with someone.  Can buy please do something .?
Who cares what you do John, Until you repeal obamacare like you promised and lied about, I don't give a rip what you do.
http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/ …
Hope you are doing ok Mr. McCain.
You could have been a beloved Republican. Instead you are hated by most Republicans.
Try working on health care, if u had what the American people had for healthcare, would be a hold different vote
Ya leave. The Russians fought them for 10 years and left.

Doesn't matter! We're not listening and we've told our Senators not to listen! Just retire John. You've done enough back stabbing & LYING!
He has no strategy, He's just a tired old man seeking attention. Go, Leave, Resign.
STOP DUMPING ON MY PRESIDENT.. NOW.. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.. OR GO JOIN THE CRYBABIES DEMOCRATS AS A DEMOCRAT. Are you understanding that?
You need to come up with a strategy for not getting us all nuked by the lunatic Potus you elected.
hopefully he will not be with us to vote.
Wow advice from a coward on how to win a war lets ask the 134 sailors who's life were cut short because Of JM  1967 Forrestal fire #Coward
Hi @jack @TwitterSupport time to suspend @Acean8s
Travesty to the American people! #Rhino
your strategy to help the R party is to retire a RINO.
Go back to bed, John.  You had decades to do the right thing.  We have @POTUS to sort out your messy pants.
please do not get involved. It has been 17 years and now you have a plan. You're really sick and need to quit.
Don't take one word advice from him!  Talk to the Generals, they know how to fight and win if you let them and McCain is no General.
You are not President ! Please show respect or resign! We know your real story!
What secrets are you hiding about Vietnam!please resign as senator because you are hiding behind a lie! The HC VOTE proves deceit!
Mr. McCain, you are not the President and this is not 2008, no one is paying attention to what you have to say or takes you seriously.
What's the strategy - finding a way to consolidate ISIS & the Taliban & accept Trump as their leader? @SenJohnMcCain That just may work!
mccain havent we had enough
Trump is chomping on the bit to go to war! He's trying to insite... even though he's never been in military... 1st NKorea & added Venezuela!
I don't mean to be disrespectful Senator, but, right now Congress has to use their power to get this madman out of the WH! Before he gets...
us into a nuclear war! Then we can figure out what to do about Afghanistan! I wish you a complete recovery, Senator!
Retire.
Like @SenJohnMcCain wrote any of it. How about some think tank supported by the military  industial complex.
What! There's been no notice of his new position as war strategist; or presidential advisor. & with his recent decisive ACA vote: BFF="0".
Is your strategic plan the same one as Obama had. Leave Trump alone so he can put an end to this disgraceful war.
what BS it took 15 years to come up with this? @realDonaldTrump won we wanted him not you, get over it!
Sen McCain it's time for you to fade into the background your government control doesn't work anymore # drain the swamp
No one cares about your strategy. You aren't President. You betrayed Americans by voting against #RepealObamaCare . Retire.
John McCain:  You once were a hero but no more.  You are a RINO. Get out of my party. RETIRE. We don't want you
Absolutely must get back to the '02 & 06 development strategy achieving victory & reestablishing security & dignity. https://youtu.be/N1HiX0HiAuo 

we went there (80s); 'northern triangle' 2day
Afghanistan is, doubtless, the need there
old but when I was young
'it was only a knife fight'
When have you ever been right on anything.  all you know is how to be a traitor back stabbing  despicable human being...
Maybe you should work more on our problems here at time and leave Afghanistan to the experts at the Pentagon. Give your plan a thumbs down.
They say Ignorance is bliss but 4 @POTUS it is dangerous, impulsive & vindictive & will affect the lives of millions and millions of people.
As bad an idea as all his ideas. When is this old piece of crap gonna die? Hurry up already! #RINO #NeverTrumper #YouLostLoserStopCrying
You don't speak for the majority of us conservatives, Benedict! Get better from your illness and retire, but for Pete's sake please go away!
Get back to Washington & get your butt to work...you are the laziest dude in Arizona.....
You are not POTUS and you are not S.O.D. do your job or RETIRE. Any legacy you did have is getting flushed with your pettiness.
He's insane. Please God intervene b4 he does something POTUS can't fix. save us from McCain. Time to retire.
Sir we afghans respect you don't let this ass hole president  play with our country Afghanistan by pulling US troops out of Afghanistan
Just as always... US will blame Pakistan for her failure in Afghanistan. Lack of strategy on US part doesn't make Pakistan a culprit.
If it isn't remove and replace the country's population, a waste of time and American lives and dollars. Too much Islam and ignorance.
hey war monger, ur not President, you dont get to make strategies. Just hurry up and croak already!
Who cares from a liar betrayer of MAGA agenda back stabber and swsmp dweller. Poster boy of disgust
No support for Pres. on Repeal/Replace Obamacare casting the deciding vote. Now you want to divert resources from DRNK to save camel jockeys
You out of your mind. No support for Pres. casting the defeating on Repeal/Replace Obamacare. Now divert resources to defend camel jockeys
The Senate exercising its right and duty to help set policy of the United States military and give oversight to the President? What a world.
Mr McCain, You are not POTUS. Please stand down for the good of all Americans. Why don't you see the harm you're doing? Help Us, PLEASE STOP
Stop cultivating the POPPY, what would that GREAT PLAN BE??? Oh we need to wait 8 years to find out, DAH, NO REAL PLAN  1st
Dear John, Could you please focus on North Korea right now!  What are you doing to keep us out of war? You must see how crazy DJT is!
Figures 34 follower Soros bot. Of course it would be with McCain. Block
The Legacy Of @SenJohnMcCain. If you love him Now, you'll love him MORE after reading this....@realDonaldTrump @GOP 
http://usasupporttrump.info/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-out-about-what-he-did-to-men-he-was-in-captivity-with/ …
John Songbird McCain Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars in donation from… We know its George Soros.
Amen, you know it.
Oh wow look at MCCain  the obstructionist  RINO.We the people voted for Trump not you.. Stop being a sore loser and help
What would you know about success?
http://freedomdaily.com/mccains-deathbed-secret-just-came-men-captivity/?utm_source=FD&utm_medium=FB&utm_campaign=Share …
MCCain  is no Hero but Trump is
Why is this guy still in the Senate, and more so, why is he a Republican?
He could have been beloved, but now disliked.
Actually he is beloved by Pelosi supporters..
John, stop making yourself a buffoon. Retire as soon as you can. Enough antics
What will success look like? When will we know and what are we trying to achieve? Is this a proxy war with Russia?
He'd better come up with a plan for NK! better yet for getting rid of Trump 
How abt worrying abt what US public elected Rep Congress for. R&R Obama care, pass Tax Reform & Infrastructure. U had ur shot @POTUS. LOST!
Retire McCain- You Are Unfit to Serve
@Gwpass1 Sir McCain, any chance at a 25th amendment implementation for Trump? We could sure use this sort of help. Thank you in advance
So Afghanistan is the real threat. What a genius, apparently when N Korea threatened NUKES, The Brain McCain heard Afghanistan instead! SAD
Good luck Senator McCain!!! Hope your plan works!!!

First, remove Putin as our president.
7 follower Soros bot all on McCain's side. Case closed. Block.
New strategy for success? LMAO!!! How about not follow McCains advice?
Ironic,Senator, that your vote against Senate Bill preserved entitlement state priorities over funding our military.Your vote hurt military
Sick of spending $$$& on military... enough already ... you war monger!!!!
who is he to 'propose' anything?
Same old same old strategy ...mccain stayed up all-night to come-up with one solution send more troops what a jerk
New afghan strategy: leave.
Out of touch, out of your mind, and hopefully out of politics.
Wow and you're in the military great patriotism you're a disgrace
You are not or ever will be President! Your plan will be shot down just like you did more once! Why did Nixon pardoned You! What did u do!
he sang like a bird 
Last time I checked you weren't commander in chief.
Senator and also get a strategy to get trump OUT of office.
'Business as usual' option is not solution of merit...
Grasping at straws in an effort to save face after betraying President Trump, the GOP, and more importantly the American people. Needs to go
I voted against McCain's "strategy" of perpetual war in 2008, and I will vote against it for the rest of my life.
How fantastic someone is proposing something on our behalf. 
He voted 4 Dem bills 32% of time, to keep Obamacare, hardly ever votes. voted 4 nafta & Obama bills. He loves the media camera. Showboater
Focus on #Korea & remove delusional/dangerous #45 as potus by #25thAmendment or #impeachtrump & convict!Senate/Congress has power #votevets
RT @starsandstripes: . @SenJohnMcCain of Arizona is proposing a new "strategy for success" in Afghanistan.  https://www.stripes.com/mccain-proposes-new-afghan-strategy-seeks-vote-this-fall-1.482246#.WYx-Q4grK70 …"
He's not the president. He's a weak lame liar traitor pos
Serious question: Why are we still even there? Nobody has ever "won" going back to Alexander the Great.
Thats because we are not bribing the right peoples.We side with peasants to overthrow their kings and expect them to know how to run things
Go enjoy your family. GOD only knows your ruining ours and the Party.
There is no winning in the Middle East!  We win battles, but not the war.
How about health care?
