Hopefully after midterms you'll be watching Senate from your front porch. I'm giving a thumbs up to that.
You are a traitor to the Republican Party. If you do not start supporting President Trump immediately, GOP will be voted out, RINO!

Sen. John McCain Backed Into a Corner. He Refuses to Tell Authorities Where He Got 9 Million Dollars From…#Soros http://nevonews.co/politics/97253-25789237-22-723-525/ …
What about repealing Obamacare.  Who cares about catfish.  Your priority is to repeal Obamacare. Do it now!
We use email now you dinosaur!!
Oh yes.. catfish are much more important than fixing #44Care!! You Obstructionist
Y'all took money from soros to stop trump!  Traitors John McCain
Lindsay Graham
John Kasich
Marco Rubio
Ron Johnson
Paul Ryan
#Repeal #DACA. Law of the Land comes first. We have millions of our own disenfranchised dreamers. #MAGA #CountryFirst2008
Wise up Rise up Stand up for America Stand up for President Trump
How did u put it?  The president doesn't answer to you.  He answers to the American people
Good job.  Stay focused on the fish.  Thanks for f'ing up health care.  Mr. Last in your class.
Way to go. Screw us on healthcare but save us from the duplicative catfish inspections. Just resign already. RINO.
catfish? Really? Come on John, retire or die. I'll be happy with either you decide to do. Not feeling guilty.
Sending tweet to Sen McCain urging him to get off his butt & help middle class Americans & small business. Obamacare & taxes good start
You fool !
As is often the case your facts are erroneous, your recommendations further promotes Congressional gridlock and brings harm to Americans.
As a southerner I'm offended that you would take this stand as a democrat from Arizona, let us raise and manage catfish you focus on borders
Just saw this. Catfish live on lowest levels where pollutants and toxins sit...confused by this.
maybe he could get Jim Comey to help! LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL! Dream On.
I would think that repealing Obamacare would be more important than catfish!
SCREW THE CATFISH. Families are suffering from monthly premiums higher than a house payment+no coverage due to high deductibles. U PROMISED
Sure, he'll do that just as soon as u start head banging so we can get that brain cancer spreading!
GFY. Go away already.
PLEASE RETIRE
Stop acting like a Republican McCain we know what side your on
Lol. Nero with the fiddle and the fire
 My God... TERM LIMITS!
Catfish, wow!
Glad to see you have time for highly important issue RINO.
Check for lead... remember the toys...
If you must.
With respect sir, your time is better spent on deficit, taxes, and health care for your constituents.
that's about your speed coward -
Your interest in this is sketchy. American catfish vs Asian catfish.
Unreal. I had to read twice to make sure u were actually talking CATFISH during an historic tragic event in Texas. U really r liberal crazy
Phew! I was up all night worrying about that. Now how about healthcare, taxes, budget, border wall....



You haven't retired yet? Shheeesh
Finally! Doing something you ran on..um no I guess not. You ran on repeal and replace healthcare. I sure catfish inspection is important too
Thank you for the catfish thing, sir. Now will you please focus on the safe, legal removal of our insane, racist president?  #ImpeachTrump
Maybe the savings can go to Harvey!
John please go do something for the American people like healthcare the one u voted down. Funny Trump is president how did ur run go?
Is this something NEW? Or just another swipe at the REPUBLICAN party. RETIRE Brutus. you
Go away John McCain you do not represent the Republican people and you are a poison to the constitution
Senators McCains legacy, I am the most "I met with senator" on record no legislation cause that requires action, just met withs
Do you actually write the letters, between letter writing and reading WSJ&NYT & I met withs,  you are a busy man, no time for health care
Retire. Please
That was so "BIG" of you Senator.  You DO have your priorities straight, NOT!!!!
Maybe your time would be better spent repealing Obamacare care with less time on catfish
Maybe u should spend your time helping vets instead of catfish.  Oh, and also keeping your word
North Korea, tax cuts, health insurance reform. Why bother. Let's get to the REALLY important stuff. Catfish legislation.
Talk about picking the fly poop out of the pepper!
Save DACA please
Senator, I believe GOP to be expert, these days, on bottom feeders.
Why waste the ink and paper, just use the THUMB like you did with healthcare.
Any letters sent on Uranium Mines in N AZ leaking into water supply
God have mercy! Who gives a flying crap about catfish right now?
Really, get behind President Trump,if you really really want to do something good
. Have you always hated America or did it happen when you lost to our beloved President, Mr. Trump. U Traitor.
Please retire before you're voted out. #PatriotsUnited
Pretty sad to use your final days to ruin your reputation or whats left of it to hurt the American people. Hopefully God will forgive you.
Wow, I'm glad you're on top of that crazy catfish stuff. That's definitely the most important problem in DC right now. #Impeach
Please retire.
Shouldnt we be more concerned about American catfish farmers?..i will not buy or eat any farm raised sea food product not raised in America!
Smh
Whaaa??
Screw the damn fish .
people need tax cuts and affordable healthcare
Why can't you figure out that there are real reforms you should be working on? God save us!
SENATOR SIR! I HOPE THERAPY IS GOING WELL! I KNOW GOD HAS MORE NEED FOR YOU; IN THE FUTURE! I KNOW YOU WILL BE HEALED; AND HEALTHY!
Wow such an important issue to address while people are Dying in Texas.. Good Job. Unbelievable!
There are catfish inspections?
Healthcare isn't done. Tax cuts need to be made. Houston is flooding and you're worried about catfish?? No wonder everyone hates Congress
Good for u John!
Praying for your strength, that God continues to shine his light of protection on you. Thank you for your lifetime of service. #AmericanHero
Retire stop the wasteful paying of your salary
How much are you giving to the flooded people .
Reading these replies
Sen. McCain You are a Progressive Dem.
Tell your constitutes and run on the proper ticket
#progressiveRINO
Dunno how good an idea that is.  Bad catfish could be really bad!
