None need to die- Let Gods bison live as you and your family would
Republicans always feel more comfortable when talking about killing animals than protecting democracy.
Interesting.
Time for a BBQ!
How about an auction,many raise bison ,the meat is the reason. If these animals can not be sold,please make sure the meat is given away.

RELOCATE NOT KILLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The real threat isn't bison; it's RINOs. Like the one that AZ keeps sending back to Congress. Is this not you working on your next bill?
With all the problems going on in our crooked government your concerned about the bison more.
Bison Burgers for everyone! I'm serious!!!
Let the Indians kill them and sell the meat-- they know how to get the most usage
Less of a threat than trump policies on the Grand Canyon. Drilling ring a bell?
Could they be relocated?
Seriously!  That canyons not going anywhere!  Idiot!
I know nothing about the bisons in the Grand Canyon.  I do know that humans are pretty good at killing off certain species.
An aging Establishment Senator is a threat to the Nation
Please introduce articles of impeachment. You are the last GOP Senator with even a chance to keep your seat. Obstruction of justice ...
LEAVE THEM ALONE OR RELOCATE THEM!
Uhm, really? Worry more about Russians and a little less about bison. Please.
A GOP controlled government is a threat to American democracy
Why not just relocate them? None have to die surley
Stop the posturing and do your job senator, you are complicit in the cover up if you don't. Shame on you sir, flushing our credibility
A growing cancer on the Presidency threatens the US and world. Interested in doing something about it, Senator?
How about giving the park BACK TO ARIZONA? We could actually figure it out without killing bison
Yeah re-introduce the wolfs as in Yellow Stone being Yen & Yang  not all Yang
This. This is what you tweet about? Bison? How about the Orange Bison in the White House destroying America and our democracy? #StopHiding
They are actually a thriving society. I imagine that through politics that you will destroy this. Kill them, tax them, but never deport them
Do you have any idea anymore what is actually happening in America right now failed candidate?You have done nothing for AZ in 24 years. Geez
Sure, a bunch of bison will destroy the canyon.
until trump is gone the only only only thing you should tweet is moving advice
So wjat do you propose doing, bombing them like y'all do countries with leaders you don't like?
Leave the buffalo alone, @SenJohnMcCain
And Trump and his Russian buddy Putin has become a GLOBAL threat. When will you act? When the first nuke hits USA?
Go ahead John. Find an excuse to kill more wildlife & sustain the GOPs rep as destroyers of wildlife. I can't believe I voted 4 u. :(
Must Read: #ImpeachTrump
Please release Trump to the bisons - for the love of God!
Proud of you for standing up for USA. America before party.
#TrumpRussia - That is ALL that matters right now.
It's the other way around...We are a threat to these innocent bison.They have more of a right to be there than tourists
You should be worried about the classified information 45 is leaking to the Russians. Why are you not speaking out about this? I'm stunned.
Seriously? Have you heard of the threat @realDonaldTrump is to our democracy? What planet are you on? #impeachTrumpnow
Senator, please worry about our country.Put country before party.Speak out about trump. Take control of the republicans and show leadership
Kind of like #TermLimits
bull shit
Sen. McCain, is this the news that you're bursting to tell us!
I think a growing population is a threat to the entire world. Wide spread famine will soon affect the United States.
Thank YOU Maverick Senator for speaking out on the WH Shit Show.  You've done all you can and we appreciate it.  #USSRA
Hey look it's John McCain and @BarackObama  and @MichelleObama and i think laying in the back yup that's her @SenWarren lol ahahhahaha
If some need to b culled, it shld go strictly to Native Americans. American fast food is causing health prob.
Worried about Buffalo when you should be worried about @POTUS 's bullshit
Have they written about the real threat in the WH? Care to address where you stand?
Really? because I think it's the new Secretary of the Interior..I'm sure he will have the Trump children to the Canyon for a corral hunt.
Maybe the Grand Canyon is a threat to the Bison.
#6thExtinction
What are they going to do? Fill it in?
You have a person in WH who is a real threat to US, forget about bison crap!
McCain, if you think Bison are what Arizonans are worried about today, you are as clueless as the come. Think about what OUR priorities are!
Hand on the tiller, sir. Your moment is coming.
Why can't some Buffalo just be relocated? And why can't you TAKE A STAND against internal enemies of our country?
So let's slaughter them all, and I guess we can give the Indians infected blankets too. Nature does equalize let them be.
No. Trump and the spineless GOP is the real threat.
I guess we can call in the Calvary to eliminate them again
And Donald J. Trump is a real threat to the United States
How couls bisons be a threat? we almost exterminated them, we are their threat
I'm concerned about the very real threat sitting on his fat ass in the WH.  SPEAK UP.
How about our president is a real threat to the entire country? The Grand Canyon is toast if all of America goes down.
wonder if it is any more of a threat than Sen McCain & his party have become to the nation? Do we I'll them?
bison burger anyone?
Is that a Russian bison?
Bison chili yum!
Please save our country!
The GOP and Trump are a danger to us all
Don't try to go after that one!  He looks as tough as you!
You are one of the people who have the standing. You know very well it's what's required. #25thamendment Please.
Do you think the intelligence community is thinking about this now?
Send the Trump boys.
If we opened up more green space and allowed top-level predators (like wolves) to thrive the herd populations would self-regulate.
You are joking correct?? There are more important issues that need your attention.
An issue after trump took office ? & now that the GOP is in control of our gov't. ? What other creatures are next to be unprotected ?, John.
A growing treason turd is real threat to our grand country! #impeach
are you losing your mind? This is hardly the thing to spend time on. Please do the right thing. Your country needs you
Trumps sons will love it!! Get the guns!
Trump's spawn out glory killing! Yes that is an elephant tail in one hand and knife in the other. Posing with the leopard is sickening too.
And he's back to talking about rocks 
Great. Now, what are you doing about the lunatic in the White House??
Are you freakin kidding me? This is what's on your mind now?
Th illiteracy of this state is inexcusable. Murray Springs is a well documented Bison kill site. Opportunities are bigger than a gun orgy.
This one is an improvement over the last one on Obama and Syria.
Federal hunting permits or turn it over to the states
Trying to open the door to hunting in our National Parks!
Forget the bison herd! It's the growing bison turd in the White House that you need to worry about!
The man sitting in the oval office (or at one of his golf clubs) is a threat to us all. You help govern us all, right? We are scared. Help.
Was it not of billions of bison that helped create the landscape  around the canyon?
Their some bad hombres
Our democracy is at risk and we are reading articles about Bison at the North Rim. Good grief.
Apparently so are RINO's
Really ? This is your topic ?  Ummm .... hello .... McFly .....
Seriously, Work on the insider threat in the Oval Office.
Glad you're really focused on the tough issues facing our nation.
Once we figure out the whole Russian infiltration dictator situation let's definitely address this!
Why not let the Shoshone back in to hunt them?
And a Trump is a real threat to USA and the World.
A story about Bison?  Really?
Really?! What about our out of control President!! How long will y'all wait to do your jobs?!
On this day how is it that you or any of your staff have time to tweet about bison??? Jeeze!  DO YOUR JOB!
Really glad you're addressing America's most important issues.
I hope this is some kind of analogy for the growing herd of angry Americans vs Trump... Come on @SenJohnMcCain, take ACTION!!!
Are you kidding me? THIS IS WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT??
Wtf is goin on w GOP stooges? @marcorubio is discussing hurricanes you're discussing bison @SenateMajLdr  discussing "drama" WAKE UP!!!
Bs
And, we have hungry and indigent.  Why can't herd be a source?  Better than bovine source. And a source of work in rural areas.
Are you working on health care or waiting to vote No
WTF do we care! POTUS tells Russia intel putting us in danger and u r tweeting about buffalo?!
Too narrow a perspective. Wolves/predators are native. Ranchers might be happier if predators had sources other than herds. Think ecosystem.
Nice try at a diversion. My faith in you is waning. If this was Pres. Obama you would be on top of your desk screaming for his removal.
Thanks John... got distracted by this #Trumprussia thing.. Thanks for distracting me back to the real important stuff. DO YOUR JOB NOW!!!
You'd never guess there is a national crisis in intelligence community.  How about next a piece on cats & bunnies that are friends, Senator?
Expand the Grand Canyon site ... problem solved
or relocate...maybe to your freinds the russains
McCain: sharing of classified info is very bad if true
Trump: it's true
McCain: a growing bison herd is a real threat to the Grand Canyon
A petulant orange man-child is a real threat to our democracy.
Move them.
Lets talk about a real threat that you need to address. I child-man, @POTUS, Russian Agent, #StupidRichPerson in the Whitehouse. Impeach!
...they make great burgers !...
OUR COUNTRY IN TROUBLE AND THAT IS WHERE YOUR HEAD IS
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU? MONEY
well trump is probably going to destroy canyon anyway.
Pretty sure the Canyon itself can stand up to them.  Let me guess.  John wants to... shoot them.  When all you have is a hammer...
And humans are a growing real threat to the entire world. Let's talk #ClimateChange Senator.
Buffalo Jerky is delicious!
I am sure many could be herded up by individual cattle farmers that would jump at the chance!
I think the Trump Administration holds a much bigger threat to the Grand Canyon than the bison lol.
Senator this tweet is not appropriate when the White House is burning get a grip
Russians in the Whitehouse, Presidential Leaks, Heathcare on fire, tax plan that will destroy US, and this is the most pressing issue?!
No. The must read is the entire republican party now is a puppet for the russian puppet.
Evil prevails when good men and women fail to act GOP COMPLICIT SILENCE IS TREASON defend our nation from all enemies foreign and domestic
More so the Koch Brothers wanting to mine uranium thereabouts but okay, shoot bison, hooray.
Aren't real bison rare? Hope we don't decide to hunt them.  @SenJohnMcCain @azcentral
An incompetent President is a real threat to our country and democracy.
Seriously? THIS is what you are talking about today?!?! #trumprussia
Why don't you tweet a plan to rid of POTUS?? Everything else at this point is insignificant!
Forget that!!! #ImpeachTrumpPence
#TrumpMustGo
This is what we're talking about now?
RETIRE !!!
