john be the first to do whats right&let america change like it needs to do&step across the aisle&let the USA organically grow
this is more important than voting NO for DeVos today? This state is 49th in education! No concern for the kids.
And that is why we need school choice. The teachers union has made teachers lazy
Good morning Senator McCain ... 600,000 + of us in AZ are coming for you.  And not just 4 taking Soros $$.  #RecallMcCain
@IndivisibleofAZ Yes we are! You failed us and forgot who u work for. We will remind you. You too @JeffFlake
I know we all may differ on Trump but we can work for common cause of #RecallMcCain!!
maybe you and flake should have let them vote on DeVos.
Liberals don't get the Teachers Union is upset about competition. They Donate to DNC, that's why  Dem Party ...
why why why would you vote to confirm Devos? Serious misstep for schools in the US.
I'm so disappointed that you voted yes on Devos. I thought you were one of the guys that actually gave a damn.
agree heartbroken
Of any member of Congress I thought you were willing to be nonpartisan when it really counted. DeVos cannot be approved.
Non Partisan like your party you mean.
.@SenJohnMcCain just when I thought you had a backbone, you prove me wrong. Why did you vote for #DeVos? Her incompetence will hurt children
Can you explain your acceptance of Soros campaign donations? Are you also a paid "rioter" putting up obstacles for @POTUS?
JOHN. WHAT ABOUT DEVOS? Why are you ignoring your constituents?
yes he is!!! All lines busy refusing to answer the phone.
same with @JeffFlake . I'm disgusted.
they all have to go!! Flake is out in 2018!!
yep. @SenJohnMcCain is on the way out. I'll work like hell to get @JeffFlake replaced with a thinking, feeling human being.
...don't want her. All politics.
you are not even close to their greatness. Shame on you and your Senate votes.
I thought you were a maverick smh!!
What will it take for you to actually stand up against the GOP? How many calls to your office begging #NoonDeVos
Look what this libtard called me.
what are you hurt snowflake? Stop crying. McCain is a hack who takes Devos $
LOL I think the snow flake needs a safe space. Want a coloring book? LOL
trying to distract from your vote on #BetsyDeVos ? What a shame that you put party and money over constituants.
Two "great" leaders in AZ just assured America that they value party over country. May you & @JeffFlake savor your last terms
My guess is you vote Democrat anyway. The conservatives vote for Repubs
remember when you used to be leader?
After the Palin debacle, u again select a unqualified person for a top position.  You think your last election was tough?
Shane Doan is a child, whiney, horrid player. Guess cheap shots, terrible play make someone great in ur eyes
And how would YOU know a great leader since you aren't one? UR a traitor to our Nations' children.
Tweets sports, and votes yes on DeVos? Gutless! U are a political coward! Real "mavericky" Senator! Trump owns you
so it's honor duty and Trump. Thanks for screwing our country but at least your following party lines.
look at that, two things that we agree on in as many days
Before DeVos, we used to say the same of you.
You have failed all of us. So much for standing up for American values.
shame on you. Another republican man with no balls
McCain,  you should have been voting No to save schools,  what's your excuse? #redsenategreed
with a $50,000 pay off I guess you vote for whomever Trump says huh? No help for the children. All talk no action.
Good old Maverick McCain, tweeting about hockey before selling out his country in the name of Party. #NoOnDevos
some constituents respected you up until this morning. You sir are as disgraceful as the rest of spineless @GOP
He already voted Yes on Devos guys.  She got confirmed.
disappointed with the Devos vote. but you know, hockey.
I'm honestly shocked and disappointed in you. You were the last good one left, never thought they'd buy you too.
You proved you are not a great leader, or even a decent human. You voted for Betsy DeVos. You are a SELLOUT! RESIGN TODAY!
you should be ashamed of yourself. You're helping a warmongering, pro-torture crazy person screw over American children.
Can't believe your tweeting about sports, and voting yes on the destruction of our public schools. You disappoint me.
how fabulous. now about your DeVos vote and selling us down the river. I used to think you had courage
SHAME on you for confirming DeVos. I thought you would have had better sense than that. You're as bad as rest of them.
Shame on you.  You know DeVos is not qualified.
you failed us
"my constituents don't own me, Trump does.
Must be nice to not care about education seeing that you could spend your wife's millions on private schools for your kids.
We got Austen Mathews here in toronto one of Arizona's finest.
Profoundly disappointed in you for your DeVos vote.
Do they share a respect for public ed? Voters do! Please stop the fluffy tweets today & find some No votes on #DeVos.
I like sports too, but I like qualified educational leaders and Cabinet members even more. Pls. vote no on DeVos. #NoOnDeVos
yo seriously stop tweeting sports from your senator Twitter account and maybe fix the dismantling of our republic?
you too are a great AZ leader.  Continue being a LEADER and support the AZ public schools and teachers by voting NO on DeVos
Don't do it, there is hope in you. Don't pick party over people. You have a commitment to us and our kids #NoOnDeVos
no on devos prove you are still an American hero
don't think anyone wants to talk hockey with you. Do your job!
diversion from what is right it's wrong. be a man. Why R all GOP doing this? U aren't blind #nationalsecurity
That list could add you. Do the right thing
Honor, Duty, Country. Remember that? Nothing in there says unless its a Trump nominee. Stand up and be counted.
no to Devos.  Unqualified.
#StopDeVos #noDevos  COME ON McCain and  @sengraham2016
Vote #NoonDeVos Don't let this vote tarnish your political career!
SAY NO TO #DEVOS !  Please! #StopDeVos Our money shouldnt go 2 private schools. Edu is the great equalizer-keep it
vote Devos,Americans are watching
why don't you be a leader on education and #DumpDevos?
shut up Soros

Stand up for kids & families & to Trump by voting no. Don't let another billionaire friend of his ruin our country. Vote NO!
YOU & your cronies who confirm her will be held accountable for her performance. We employ you & you're not listening to us.
Has no idea about special needs kids. Wants to force her religious views on others. She's not even close to qualified!
She wants to elim gun free zones. Doesn't support Title 9. Doesn't think accountability is important. Wants to privatize sch.
they lead by example. Do the same #VoteNoDevos
always thought you were a good man who stood up for what's right
You know DeVos is unqualified
Do the right thing
She owes $5 mill to Ohio! Do you know what that money alone could do for schools? She has other ethics issues as well.
She's unqualified, corrupt, elitist, has no exper. as a student, staff, or parent in public schools. None! Are you OK w/that?
What happen to you ? Your country does not matter any more
I'm astonished that you of all people were bought for a vote for DeVos for $50,600. She bought this position & the votes!
please focus on the work and priorities of our country
Please Vote No on Betsy DeVos She is completely unqualified and wants to destroy public education,  # DumpDeVos
please put your efforts towards uncovering djt's ties to Russia, getting his taxes released & having his mental health chkd
We are pleading with you do the right thing and vote NO on DeVos you can stop her! Listen to the people we want better!!!
#DumpDevos
how many players got there start in public schools or used a PEL grant for college? Pls vote no DeVos. Protect our children
when are you going to help your country and..

RETIRE!
This isn't tweeted by McCain. Has staffer do it to make him look less elitist
Cool. Please be a great AZ leader and vote NO on DeVos.
no on #DeVos
No to DeVos. PROVE you are a leader
seriously? Sports news right now?? #noDevos #holdthefloor please, Sen. McCain. Do what's right
Yes, this is extremely important to talk about while we are an hour away from the death of public education in America.
So you are against choice, is that bc our public schools do so well?
#StopDeVos
Instead of tweeting distractions, be the "maverick" & save our kids/teachers/education system from DeVos! #VoteNoDevos

