Dear Mary: 
Please read this thread:
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
And this:
And perhaps this:
@rehtaeh1628  Where is this passage from?
Harvard law professor @NoahRFeldman, here:
So what does all this say about Obama and the rule of law honestly no one seems to see the hypocrisy of it all
Care to elaborate?
Is @SenJohnMcCain paid off by Soros? Obama pardons cop killer terrorist=crickets. Trump pardons career LEO with misdemeanor hairs on 
Is that the go to line for you people? I am so tired of hearing how everyone and their grandmother is paid by Soros, where can I get my chk?
Its Antifa chanting "Soros, Where's our money" at rallies not Trump supporters.
You've heard this have u?? U think he gave kids their pocket money for the London riots do u??

We are so screwed!! Logic is gone, gone!!
No difference between Trump supporters and Hitler's baying mob, like Hitler's supporters posterity will not judge them kindly!!!
LOL so they yell at us for calling them Soros paid jackals then around and call us hitler 
Is English your first language??? I can't seem to make any sense of what you typed!
Isn't that what your people call racist?
Senator, his act is a tyrant's abuse of power. A pre sentence, pre appeal pardon done out of pure spite for the rule of law is impeachable.
The President'shall have Power to grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States, Article II, Section 2, Clause 1
Nothing in our constitution is without limits, everything turns on the basic idea that the rule of law controls.  Why we are a democracy.
But you agree with Obama's pardons right??? Derp!
Dear Derp, all of Obama's pardons were FORMALLY applied for and vetted by WH counsel and the DOJ. HE FOLLOWED THE NORMAL PROCESS.
And one of them went on to commit a murder. But you support that.
Why is it always sports fan Twitter where the most stupid crap comes from
Why are people so ready to allow Trump latitude for anything, just because they have some grievance against some Democrat?
McCain, we really need you & Congress to do something NOW before trump pardons Flynn, Manafort, himself & his family. Democracy is at stake!
I'm a Dem who is worried sick about our democracy, but Senator McCain is now receiving treatment for brain cancer. Pls give the man a break.
He really should stay off of his twitter acct. he knows he will and is causing afire storm.If he's going to dish it, expect to take it
Why doesn't Trump stay off his twitter account? The reason u r angry at Sen McCain is because he won't play in to ur conspiracy theories.
McCain is part of the conspiracy

YAWN.
no one forcing you to read this.
Thank you Senator McCain.  I am terrified as to the signal Trump is sending here.  Love to you.
Think about this @SenJohnMcCain.  You have #TheResisance, #Antifa, & #Libtards who #hate #American saying Thank You and I love you to #YOU.
Yes because he is an honorable man and honor transcends politics.  Can you grasp that?
Yes - I understand the definition of #traitor - it's a party with extreme liberals & @SenJohnMcCain.   How sad would our ancestors be? #MAGA
Our ancestors didn't forsee Americans being dumb enough to be duped into putting a criminal like Trump into office. # Rollingintheirgraves.
You are 100% wrong #Resister lady.  Singing in their graves that a man as great as #Trump has come to fight for their almost lost country.
Senator, trump is not a president. Nothing about him is presidential. He only cares about power, money, & erasing everything Obama has done.
If you care about our country and it's people you will do something. All talk with no action is completely meaningless.
McCain should retire!  That is the action that we need!
Trump should resign. That's the action the country really needs.

Why do u people keep talking about Obama? We r talking about Trump now , keep up.
People keep talking about Obama because Trump himself won't shut up about the hateboner he has for his predecessor, that's why.
THAT DOESNT MAKE ANY SENSE
Obama PARDONED Drug TRAFFICKERS that were caught with POUNDS and KILOS of Crack, Meth, Cocaine and Heroin. Drugs POISON and KILL THOUSANDS.
"More than 50,000 overdose deaths: A grim tally soars to all-time U.S. high"
I don't remember you caring Obama Pardoning 100's of Drug Traffickers & Distributors?

But you care about a DEA Agent, Korean Vet & Sheriff?
Mr. McCain, you need to resign immediately. Your HATE for Trump clouds your judgement & YOU are responsible for suffering of Arizonans.
You voted to STOP Obamacare repeal & replace process cause you said you didn't TRUST @SpeakerRyan? So you think Ryans a LIAR? Right?
You care about Pardoning a War Vet but not about 'Drug Kingpins?'

"These Drugs are Killing the Most People in U.S."

Now THAT'S what I call fake news.
Amen
Am thinking that @dinggusR needs a tinfoil hat!!
Although I can't stand John McCain and embarrassed I voted for the jerk I can't find any truth in this story
@SenJohnMcCain  you have NO ROOM to bash any one.
Just get it over with already. Change parties. F'n embarrassment to conservatives.

Yeah. Because a Constitutional Scholar is less impressive than a Game show host.
Yep! What exactly is 45 a scholar in? Bankrupting businesses?
Exactly Paul. Only the best bankruptcies. Only the biggest bankruptcies. Believe me!
Where is the bottom? Is there a bottom?
There is no bottom. And the GOP will do NOTHING. Absolutely nothing
There is a bottom...#Maduro
The swamp is very deep
With his pardon pen, POTUS reveals his own contempt for our Constitution, our courts, and our founding principles of equality and justice.
With his pardon pen, POTUS reveals his own contempt for our Constitution, our courts, and our founding principles of equality and justice.
And the people.
So what did Obama's pardon pen reveal when he pardoned cop killers, drug dealers, and traitors who aided our enemies???
Well said


There is no art to BS. It's just BS.
No, the #KeatingFive undermined the rule of law, you crook. We all know what you did.
McCain is irresponsible
RETWEET RETWEET RETWEET This Are The FACES of The NEW CONCUBINES of Clintons foundation DemocRATS The NEW CONCUBINES
Seriously? Freedom Daily is THE definition of fake news. Shame on you for reading and retweeting it. Fake news!!!!!!!!!!
Who do you stand for? Your protecting Rinos ,but part of the resistance. How does that make any kind if sense in your head?
I'm not protecting anyone, I think they're all pieces of GOP shyte. I'm calling out the spreading of news from a fake news site. Problem?
Also, *you're
Obama DOJ targeting Sheriff Joe should have concerned you 

Traitor
Irony of a Latina calling someone else a Traitor while defending Sheriff Joe 
My guess is a little digging and that profile would be as real as the Black college student he thanked by name -stolen pic and fake profile
You mean Trump bots?

You are neither Cherokee or a doctor. Get off my TL
Thank God he will never be President.
Also undermines his supposed respect for the Constitution
Didn't he take an oath?
1)He took an oath to dupe his blind supporters, to pilfer the presidency for monetary gain, and to grossly abuse the power of the presidency
The kind word for deplorable is dummies
Ijaoladawodu lmnopqrstuvwxyz. There are no kind words to describe the libs/dems who are making jack asses of themselves.
That's a beautiful doggy friend you have on your pic, this is the kind of person the "president" you defend pardons
Well that's sick. Doesn't sound like the sherif was there. SWAT team did this??  Nasty vile people.
"When someone shows you who they are believe them;the first time.">M.Angelou.

Why pardon such evil?DJTONLY DJT
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
. So tell us all John McCain where was your voice and condemnation towards obama who pardoned nat. sec. leakers, murderers, drug dealers?
Why are you so ready to defend Trump for anything, just because you have some grievance against a Democrat?

OMG Maybe try an ACTUAL news source?? The kind with facts and sources! Good Lord what is wrong with your brain?
Trump is literally shredding our Constitution. DO SOMETHING.
Obama shredded the Constitution, why didn't you speak up then?  He pardoned career criminals, traitors, drug dealers.
Senator McCain - Republicans must act
Trump violates norms, ethics, standards & laws daily
#NationAtRisk
CONGRESS MUST ACT
#25thAmendment
Only a democrat plant would say something so stupid! Hahaha
When is the GOP going to stand up to him, Sir? The GOP is dead to me.
GOP has completely aligned themselves with Nazi's forever
Thank you for speaking up Senator. Actions speak louder than words. Enough is enough. Get well soon -save our country please. #TrumpResign
Did u say that when Bill Clinton pardoned Bill Ayers who BLEW UP police stations & listed as a Domestic Terrorist.Prob not since u hate USA!
A meme is not a fact. Utter bullshit.
Impressive. You know words with 2 syllables. Take this:
I'm here to support the senator. You are a minor annoyance, if that.
John, you should've been a Democrat, you're an embarrassment to the Republican party. Seriously, plz retire & ride off into the sunset.
McCain the traitor couldn't care less!
Traitor? Didn't he serve in Vietnam while Trump was draft dodging?
she is exactly right!  McCain is a Traitor!  pardoned by Nixon for crimes against fellow sevicemen!!!

MY GOD, TYPICAL LIBERAL RESPONSE!!!  SNOOOOOPES
You mean the guy who spent all the money on hookers?
Did he? Dirty devil... But did he urinate on them?
Then do something about. Stand up. Many in your party will follow you. Don't let this man destroy our country even more.
Then what is the purpose of checks and balances? Just allow Trump to take us further down the rabbit hole. It only takes 1 to take a stand.
Sweet comeback.
But it supports, in capital letter, @Potus's love of white supremacy. KKK & Nazi's are dancing today.
White supremacy is Trump's brand now. It is also the GOP's. You put him at top of ticket knowing who he w Birther & Central Park 5 history.
GOP has enabled him to keep taxes secret, dismantle ethics infrastructure, fire Comey and outright came bc of Mueller w. no consequences
So when?? When are republicans going to stand together and say enough is enough??
Wait mccain is a republican? Nahhh uniparty globalist ,they all need to go
Did you say anything about Obama's pardon of traitor Manning and other hard criminals?
Obama pardoned 212 criminals, commuted 1,385, more than the last nine presidents combined. By June---two were already BACK IN PRISON!!! https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/901267086453997568 …
So glad you never became President. Thank you God
I was just thinking the same thing.  He is probably menos jealous that @realDonaldTrump became president and he.didn't
Sir, you are in the enviable position of someone actually capable of taking direct action against him and his policies. Please do.
You mean taking action and going what he ran against for 8 hrs. Like health care.
8 hrs isn't very long so don't be too hard on him. He is going through chemo.
Hahaha. My bust. 8yrs. That did make me giggle. Well done @darbykathleen
So when are you & your GOP colleagues going to do something about it?  Tweets mean nothing.  We need action. #ImpeachTrump
Abuse of the pardon power is grounds for impeachment..Country over party...take action #impeach @realDonaldTrump !
Please Mr. McCain, help us impeach Trump before he does more harm. I hope that you are doing well. We need you.
Amazing people now embrace neocon globalists that over turn governments,start wars,and get rich doing it. Amazingly depressing.wake the f up
@POTUS pardons one good, decent man & you whine. Where was your self righteous outrage when BO was pardoning almost 2000 actual criminals?
Are you high? Is this a good enough source for facts for you? https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … Nice fake account btw. What's Soros paying these days?
Yes they did time because they were CRIMINALS. By the time BO left office he pardoned over 1,900. Do your own research. 
Take your own advice. Learn the difference between a pardon and commutation. Hint: they're not the same.
I know the difference, this is twitter & not enough characters allowed to go into that. Same difference, let over 1900 criminals walk free.
Shut up John. You lost all credibility and respect with your vote. Resign and go play golf somewhere
You have him confused with Trump. He's receiving chemotherapy. Trump's golfing. And tweeting. And golfing.

Draft dodger and the messiah wannabe?
McCain is a wartime traitor. He should have been executed when he returned from Vietnam.
Sure thing bot
Yet your replies are limited to bot reasoning. Sad!

You Sir undermine everything our great country stands for. Where were you when Obama didn't respect the rule of law. Oh. Same boss. Soros.
THANK YOU for fighting 4 us while you battle cancer. Hope ur treatment causes as few side effects as possible. You are a good man, Senator.
@GOP How's vacation ?
Traitor! There are many like me in AZ who will make sure this is your last term McCain. Give Hillary a kiss! God Bless Prez Trump! MAGA
#POW JOHN MCCAIN you have been LYING & spouting leftist propaganda since you became a traitor to help North Vietnam. http://salem-news.com/articles/october022009/hanoi_john_10-2-09.php …
He's been an enemy of this country for over 50 years and counting.
Just out of curiosity is there anyone in Arizona that supports MCCain besides illegals and liberals?
Republicans approval are all in massive decline. I guess @POTUS is draining the swamp after all! Thanks, Donnie.
Do you approve of the choice that our president made to pardon Joe Arpaio? #MAGA. I know John McCain and his democrat friends dont.
.@realDonaldTrump's mere presence in the Oval Office undermines respect for the rule of law.
I love you have remained a Republican because of you. #hero
No. He is a rational voice. And a national hero.
when will you ask for his resignation?
Never. We The People voted him into office
Thank you, sir. And can you find out where the @GOP's sense of ethics and human decency went?  Is the party sold out to white supremacists?
you mean hillary's mentor byrd, the head poopa of the KKK, right? or Sanger who spoke at KKK mtgs to rid the world of weeds.

McCain, Arpaio did the job that neither you nor Barry had the guts to do, enforce federal law. No proof at all any illegal stops took place
He swore an oath to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. Can he be impeached for violating that oath?
Do you hear what you said?  He was preserving, protecting and defending.  What the heck are you smoking?   #MAGA
As a Latino, YOU make me sick! Your soul is black from all the deaths you've caused and Demons you support! #Monster
His rotten ass is pure evil.
Yes he is! Diablo!
No doubt... and an embarrassment & disgrace to Veterans.
Yes, there's so many testimonies from Vets on YouTube about how awful McCain is!
they are true he was a rotten Traitor then just like he is now. Photos of the men w/him are emaciated he's ... fine because he's a traitor!
Yes and he never went back for the POWs!
It's great your a mind reader to bad you don't have a mind to read of your own!!!!!!!
At least Trump trys to help then steal like the Dems talking money they didn't earn because people in Flint are still Dieing.....
Well bro?????  So when do we expect your help??????
Happy u two kissed and made up. I was just about to step in 
I've been wrong before  I'm a man I'll admit when I'm wrong thank you.
McCain it's a shame we in Az have to put up with your B/S to the American People we voted You in to give another seat to POTUS but you lied
Interesting how so many think that constitutional rights are superseded by their desire to keep certain groups of  people out.
THE Constitution represents the rule of law. Those who disrespect the law are disrespecting our Constitution. Laws onthe books enforce imigr
GOP is Not Challenging Trump, they Are Challenging AMERICA. !!!!   WE THE PEOPLE will NOT stand for it !!!!!!! Stop now, or WE will Stop U !
Explain your pardon in detail John. Explain the number of plains you crashed showboating, explain it all.
How exactly does one crash a plain?!?!
I thought the same thing when Nixon pardoned you John.  You are still a traitor.
I respect your a vet but I think what our Pres did was right for Joe,maybe you should step down with all you have going on in your life.
Why don't you just switch parties?
(2) Be honest, you hate Trump and anything that he does.It is so evident to all the voters who put him in office. Go join the Democrats.
Gee, didn't you get a pardon from President Nixon?
Ah, what did you say when Obama pardoned Federal criminals back in Jan. Nothing! There is something seriously wrong wit you.
I'm not even sure I remember #Trump making the claim that he respects the #RuleOfLaw.
"I'm the "Law & Order" "guy..." I remember THAT
True. Law-and-order/tough-on-crime guys tend 2 encourage/overlook/forgive violations of citizens' civil rights by law-enforcement officials.
overlook? They LIVE4 it:)NYPD went thru 'phase' w/Comm Kelly-(Mostly)Younger officers revolted against "Stop&Frisk"⫸Cts ruled it 2Stop
you need to be in a hospital not in the senate Senator
You forget that he was never found guilty by a jury of his peers.  He was used as an example against anyone who opposes immigration laws.
What about the illegal mass surveillance of citizens in US?
You are the one needing a pardon for being a Traitor to America.
We all know why you're lying John, you dirty globalist snake. Shame you have no moral compass. You are no better than Hillary
Really? What respect of rule of law did commuting 4 life sent of those cartel members do? vs a misdemeanor..smh
Weren't you PARDONED for betraying your country during the Viet Nam War? So who's is worse, someone upholding the law, or selling the US out
Just like the mayor of Charolettesville Va let police do their jobs? Hypocrite!
Senator; there will never be peace in our Country as; long as there men like you showing #Opposition to their own Party! Undermining @POTUS!
Suggest you read Constitutional Law. Obama pardoned Chelsea Manning who is a traitor. Didn't see you pipe up on that blunder.
#RINO  John, you're either senile or a traitor.  Time to retire.
Says the pardoned traitor!!!
THEY WERE ILLEGALS MCCAIN.
Poor felons.  Sheriff Joe hurt their feelings by making them work while in jail. You profile voters all the time. Get over it.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio is a racist piece of sh*t. He is a criminal who has no regard for the law.
And I suppose you believe the criminals he arrests are being persecuted rather than prosecuted?
do you understand what I said when I said he is a criminal? And, btw, you're in this country illegally. You should be arrested and deported.
I don’t know who you are replying to but my ancestors landed in Massachusetts in 1640. I am an American.
hey, moron, they stole this country from indigenous peoples.
You look and come off like the next unibomber. Sober up and quit sucking weed.
go back where you belong...you know, where your ancestors came from!
What about Obamas pardon of someone who committed treason and undermined the United States @jaketapper ?
I'm not talking about @HillaryClinton and her treason either.  Come on @jaketapper let's play
Why can't anyone who supports trump'a crap ever make a point without using "but Obama did..." or "hillary did..."
Because you idiots make mountains from mole hills now we're in control, and you've ignored a lot of mountains in the past.  That's why.
Where were you with the hundreds of other pardons from previous administrations?
The "two wrongs don't make a right" rule. Each action, each pardon, each crime stands for itself. Doesn't matter what others did.
Oh  Well maybe they can use your response as exhibit 1 as to why you lost.  And exhibit 1a as to why you'll continue to lose in 2018/2020
Tell me a new story songbird. You know ALL about pardons now don't ya?!?!
FACT: If not for a pardon from President Richard Nixon, John McCain would have been court-martialed for treason.#CNNTownHall
your Treasonous Hanoi John broadcast during Vietnam harmed the rule of law more then Sheriff Joe ever did OathBreaker
may GOD have mercy on your traitorous soul.look what your pal obama pardon..sheriff joe dedicated his life to the law
"SONGBIRD" If NIXON didn't Pardoned U, Then U would have been Court-Martialed 4 TREASON! Don't talk about Arpaio til your backyard is clean!
Have you similarly criticized the Clinton's for their lack of respect for the law?
The "profiling" charge was the opinion of an Obama appointed activist judge and not the opinion of a jury of peers
amen!
fact is he was doing his job. Unlike Traitor McCain.
Enough! Is this how you want to be remembered? A bitter, cheap shot politician who twists fact for self promotion?
To RINO John.  You have no credibility!!
Do we have a nation or not? Jeez!
That Statement us completely false and you know it Senator. Shame on you Sir.
They should have left you back in Nam
When was he convicted of illegally profiling Latinos? Wasn't it you who offered Arpaio help after his election loss?
John McCain. Trotskyist Communist who received a pardon for treason by Nixon.

#ohtheirony
President Nixon granting you a pardon was a huge mistake.Vietnam;POW's;MIA's
Time @realDonaldTrump calls 4 DOJ to look into USS Forrestal fire that killed 134, Dad & Grandfather of McCain covered investigation!
I lived in AZ during a drought for 130+ days. No one aloud to use water outside& Arpaio had the largest fountain I've ever seen running 24/7
Thank you Senator.
John have you lost your everloving mind? Joe A. is trying to PROTECT the people he was sworn to protect. You've lost your reasoning. retire.
With all due respect.. RETIRE
Senator McCain didnt you learn anything in the POW camp? Obama and Clapper set Arpaio up for this.
John, ICE profiles latinos coming across the border every day. anymore comments on this matter ? the evidence is clear.  special interests
Come on, you are a rino , hope arizona votes you out
John, just shut up'
Take a pill and go to bed, John McCain. Arizona is so done with you
John McCain, are you sure that you're not a Liberal Democrat? You talk and act like you are. Every time you speak, you're always supporting the Democrats... Maybe you should switch sides...
Shut up John
I agree senator!
Federalist81 ASSUMED Senators like U would impeach Judges whom infringed on State sovereignty.   How many judges have you impeached today?
Obama pardoned rapist, torrorist, Army deserters, murderers.  But a Sheriff of over 50 yrs with a misdemeanor is a problem? USA Maybe?
There is nothing wrong about checking legality for being in this country.
You cannot take the high road on this. You're no different when you screwed AZ small biz by not repeal/replace Obamacare.
Why were they only able to prove "Contempt of court" Sounds to me a political hit job. Misdemeanor. Wife is sick.
Under what law does it say you can't arrest someone here illegally it is against the law right ?
Your acquisition of campaign funds based on promises to repeal & replace was a purposeful fraud. You lied to the voters--again.
Hey Sen McCain can you get your co-workers to get rid of POTUS while our great country still lives? Life without honor is no life at all.
Also,I want America 2 wear the white hat again.B the good guys .You are a hero. Do you cry at night bcuz of Trump? I do.
But u were silent when BHO pardoned more than SEVEN THOUSAND convicted criminals, never mind 1000's of his "executive orders". Shame on YOU!
Senator MCCain, you are my hero. I disagree with you sir. Pardons of a man like Joe Arpaio is noble. Fix the bad laws which cause problems
I sure hope the good folks in Arizona fire you!
Did the DNC give you something or do they know something?   Why?
Did we expect anything less from him?  Can 2020 get here fast enough?!
Nice to know you have the same contempt for @POTUS as you do for American workers -
I disagree with you on this matter. He was railroaded by Obama and DOJ. I'm glad he was pardoned and I didn't vote for you this time.
Much like Richard Nixon when he pardoned the POW traitors without "respect of rule of law" @mindyfinn @MeghanMcCain
Senator McCain you are a traitor who had his ass handed to him by Obama. @POTUS comes in and crushes the odds on favorite. Sooooooo bitter!
Senator what about you trying to undermine the President? Arpaio was doing his job. You not so much.
@AC101 @POTUS he's tragic as hell these 4 years can't be over fast enough
Re: Jeff Flake, you're next senile old man.  Been there too damn long; you care more about your cronies in Congress than citizens.
"Profiled", by profiled you of course mean pulled people over for traffic violations, etc. & asked for I.D. right?
John McCain is out of line with his open feelings about President Trump.
mr. mccommunist. You are an absolute waste of skin.  You treat fellow POW's and their families poorly, now this.
Go to the house,lost respect for you!!!!!
And, John McCain,  why have you turned against the American people? You need to shut up about the pardon.
How do you know he was profiling???  Were you there?  Just maybe they were committing a crime and just happened to be illegal.

Go back to the nursing home. Your old and your mind is gone, enough Already
Why don't you do 1 more "wet start" in a room full of your Demonrat buddies, and hang around awhile. I'll happily thank you for your service
So where were you when he traded 5 terrorists for a traitor? Oh yeah you like traitors. They're like you. #Songbird #ArpaioPardon
Tell me again how Obama's commutations respected the rule of law?
Did you say anything when Obama pardon terrorist and drug dealers or became friend with Castro a communist
What was the reason for profiling...wasn't it because of illegals creating damage as they flowed into the country?
That jackanapes claims a lot of stuff.
https://twitter.com/giovannisconst/status/902260977919332352 … You injured and killed Americans .No wonder our president didn't wanna call you a hero .You're not a hero .
http://www.nationalinsiderpolitics.com/2017/08/28/mccains-death-bed-secret-killed-just-came-skeleton-suddenly-resurfaces/ … You killed and injured hundreds of people .
Arpaio was upholding Federal Law - what have you done for Americans except flip the bird on health care.
As a Senator you should know the law and since the Obama administration chose not to enforce it, Sheriff Joe Arpaio was upholding his oath!
What does your pardon from Nixon do?
