Thank you for all you have done! But can you please help #WoundedWarriors to get real dental care? Front teeth only, is bullshit!
Thank you Senator McCain...my father was a WWII vet...my nephew is in the Army National Guard....thank you
Maybe it is time for you to stop trying to make amends to all the vets you let down in your time of service and retire. No more songs John.
What he suffered through? You got some balls Woman. 
He thinks less of him than Jane Fonda and that is saying something.
How about preserving choice4women?
John your creds are shot. It's just not believable.
Good for vets. But what about active duty? Are you looking out for them while supporting #trumptyevsky agenda? I believe ur a patriot, sir.
Only if you get rid of the Obama corruption in the VA, his people have got to go in all parts of the government.
I am a proud NP @MinuteClinic who is proud to to serve our Vetetans!
Thanks for what you do
War!war! War!  is your contribution to the world.
I like the idea, hope it helps many Veterans. Does this cover just basic VA benefits or is it more like Tricare?
Alarming.
No one has ever complained standing me.
- Just stop. Stop acting like you're for The People. You're the same man who arrested the veterans waiting in your office.
The same man who decided his pocketbook needed more padding so he's not going to stand up for internet privacy
When are you going to start the investigation in the Susan Rice  spying
No it won't. This is truly a swamp that needs drained and your lack of strong leadership is disgraceful. Lip service, but no action.
You are bitting the drum of war. U r old and nothing to lose if millions die.
QUIT  speaking on my behalf and other veterans because you have never cared for Vets. #TermLimits
Hey Sen. Any comment about the Trump surveillance?You stated 100 percent it didn't happen.Want to "amend your remarks" now? U won't I know
A singing traitor cares about vets that he more than likely had a hand in some getting killed or injured. That's rich.

pls dont vote 4 nuclear option JM, its that simple. Stand for institutional integrity or forfeit your own. Peace & love bro
What about the 40M CBOC LIMIATATION? IS THAT WAIVED SO Vet can MAKE his own appt then advise TRI WORST??????
You are an embarrassment to Arizona. You stopped putting country before party long ago. Hold a town hall. #DoYourJob
Just got your email Keeping AZs border secure. What a joke. You've had many many many many many years to get this done. You FAILED!
It's a start. I just hope that more ppl will what we as a country want, help& making sure that our vets get their due at Dr's
As a granddaughter, daughter, & sister of vets, you've done nothing to help.  U undermine a president who truly supports them
How can you in good conscience support Gorsuch?? I can't understand  how you willfully go along when you know this isn't right?
#Choice4vets seems to privatize VA services w the Fed paying the bill. How is it different from a single payer system?
Thank you Senator McCain for supporting and fighting for our Veterans both in rhetoric and in action.
From one old soldier to another, you have let your countrymen down. You continue to disappoint. Time to change your "R" to an "D". Traitor!
John, this is Yuri trushechkin. 5 October 1967, he was shot down over Vietnam . Remember that Russian face.
the world trust a man like O'Reilly that beats his wife and sexual assault women&makes a lot of money being a bigot Lord help
how can trump lie&coverup,makeup extremely serious lies and go to sleep, hes corrupt and horrible person always have been
this is the Presidents policy. U did nothing 4 vets in AZ 4 Years
Once again McCain's on the right side of history
I r the biggest threat to American lives.. u r a warmonger paid off by arms suppliers or u just senile!
It us about time. Vets should have what congress has or better.
We have the ability to provide the same healthcare for all Americans.
Thank you Sen McCain.
Very cool!
Understand ur all in 4 nuclear option 4 gorsuch. But then u remark it's the end of  Senate
Way to blow up US 4 a con. Not cool
What about Russia?WA Trump pulling $from his assets?WA setting up bogus jobs 4Jared Kushner,WA setting up job&office 4Ivanka?
My father a WWll and Korea vet would have been pleased!
This is an abysmal program! Give vets a real choice not a message to call back & wait 2 talk 2 someone 4 45min then end up in collections
Lord Tywin Mccain and the small council have allocated funding towards veterans of the Black Water and other battles of the crown.
Vets deserve the best care. End government health care and give them refundable tax credits.
Should they breath?  No EPA and none of us will breath...not your grand kids!
Where were you on Internet privacy?
Come on McCain. Trumpers hate you and denigrate your service. We may disagree but respect command presence. Earn it and do not go nuclear.
Stop trying to build that wall & use a good Healthcare bill for all.Preserve the work U did in Vietnam & stop standing by a traitor & liar
Troop/Vet wives, moms & sister healthcare provider choices will be taken away cutting crucial preventive care so you failed these women!
But nothing happens John.  Maybe U have been there too long or your brain dead.  Snort, snort, media hog!  Stay off the airwaves.
I'm a vet and because I live within 40-45 miles of a clinic or VA center I was told I don't qualify.
John maccain your so jealous towards President Trump so your making everything you could to minimize his power thanks God you lost in 2008
Every term you say you work for Vets yet nothing changes. What a complete failure you are.
Now do the same for women and support funding for Planned Parenthood and Title X.
How can we the PPL believe anything Usay. How long have U been inDC @SenJohnMcCain Uwon't denounce surveillanceOFprivate citizens @jjburdett
We can do better than this
This is so needed. Thank you

- vets need Dr it's about time !
Support your president and repeal Ocare, cut Taxes, BUILD THE WALL and MAGA!
saw the lake and wall statue they erected in your honor in Vietnam.  True American hero
well, that should be a no brainer John !!
@SpeakerRyan I respect this, but should Amereicans have to fight in order to get timely quality healthcare. What does that say about us?
It says you are trusting someone who is not going to do a damn thing for you or Vets..it is all lip service nothing more.
Hope this works.  As you know, the Phoenix VA Hospital was (is?) one of the worst for delays.
So big John, what r u doing about the bureaucrats who r still destroying our vets! Nothing has changed same old same old thanks for nothing!
No USA, left behind. Your silence to current policies, is repugnant. PLS, look into everything that you feel is morally wrong
Are you so "anti-Obama" that you would sacrifice deciency? Is it worth it? You accept that if they cannot afford it, then DIE
Something is needed. VAMC PHX and clinics continue to be run rapidly toward Trump's dumpster fire. 
I've been stonewalled there for weeks.
Can't be wrong all the time
This is wonderful if there's any substance to this promise!
My experience is generic drugs may cost less, but are not as effective as name brands. Thus I must purchase some drugs from stores.
thanks for letting us know. Major campaign promise, take care of the Vets
What we are all waiting to hear. Is are you going to support the republican President? @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @chuckwoolery #MAGA
He supports President Traitor sold us out 2 Russia & is costing the taxpayers so much trying 2 take more from us& McCain is bought
About time. Gov. Sucks trump.making it better
Thank you, Senator McCain. You give the people who have sacrificed to protect our democracy, and the survival of our democracy itself, hope.
WTF HE'S A TRAITOR
HE HATES AMERICA B/C HE GOT CAUGHT PRISONER OF WAR
& AMERICA DIDN'T COME GET HIM
THEY THAT PUSSY & TURNED HIM
thanks @SenateDems  you really are patriotic,love and respect the Vets , no like the GOP that only lie , cheat & love RUSSIA!
WTF did he do the last 40 years as a senator
FUCK AMERICA
You had nothing to do with it - You're simply the messenger - taking credit for nothing you did!! Just a contrived photo op!
This is a good thing. Thank you, Sen McCain.
You have had years to help the veterans. Please be quiet until you
Actually do something.
Great- but one tweet would have sufficed. Did u forget u already tweeted like twice? Well just the senility setting in I guess.
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!
Why impeech TRUMP?
Thank you!
Did you recuse yourself?
