Praying doesn’t do anything!!!

You've received more NRA funding than any other Senator. We know who is responsible for this - please don't let this be your legacy.

Calling the Las Vegas mass shooting the deadliest ever whitewashes U.S. history. 
1) I’m hoping you will stop taking money from the NRA and start doing the right thing by fighting for stricter gun laws. What are these
Your prayers mean nothing when you take money from the organization that put the gun in the hand of her attacker.
Keep those weapons made to kill lots of people really fast on the streets. Where do you think the next massacre will be Senator?
Maybe you should stop taking campaign contributions from the NRA.
Don't pray, stop taking $$$ from the NRA. Regulate guns! support the Automatic Gun Fire Prevention Act introduced by @SenFeinstein
2) lives worth to you? How much money makes it worth it? Do the right thing.
prayers are not gonna help. Common sense gun regulations would.
Really? Praying? How about doing your job and passing gun laws?
Now just think how hell will break loose when one can buy a silencer at a gun show
And you've taken $7,740,521 in N.R.A. contributions
Hi @SenJohnMcCain why have you taken almost $8 million from the NRA?
You've received $7,740,521 from the NRA. Prayers don't help. Legislation does.
Hi how r you
@SenSasse Time to immediately outlaw bump stocks.Then pass more strict gun laws. 33,000 Americans per year are killed by guns
#GunControlNow

Did the $$ u receive from @NRA fm 1989 help u pray?
praying 4 the victims  terrible #LasVegasShooting & their families.”
$7,740,521
#Resist
Senator McCain, you give me hope for the GOP.
Disappointing
Your $7.7 million from the NRA is blood money, those victims lives are on your hands. #LasVegasShooting
How many $$ you take from #NRA? Nobody cares about your prayers while people are getting slaughtered in our country. #enough
how does her blood on your hands feel?
Do you regret all the NRA blood $ you have taken over the years?

Prayers up Blessings to friends and family as well.
Prayer combined with actions work, in this case well trained Dr's and staff. Prayer alone is a lazy way of avoiding tough situations.
But you took money from the NRA.
$7,740,521 FROM THE N.R.A.

This man will do nothing more than tweet that he is praying.
You're talking out of both sides of your mouth, Senator!
Count your millions you received from the #NRA than reflect on that before praying and ask yourself one crucial question
Are all these deaths worth $8 million dollars? Can you really say it’s worth it, Senator? Is this your legacy?
Congress has all the power to “well regulate” the militia and is derelict of duty and guilty of bribes by the NRA.  NRA over human lives 

STOP PRAYING, GROW A PAIR & PASS SENSIBLE GUN RESTRICTIONS!!!
We pray 4 Savannah God Bless Her
Prayers won't help her now. GUN CONTROL WOULD HAVE
Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control Gun control
I need the budget released to me at June 9, 2003 for a long terms relationship also for wedding.
How much do you receive from the NRA again?
Please tell me how you feel about gun control!The 2nd amendment was written by men when guns were used to hunt for food& they owned slaves
PASS #GunControlNow !!!!! PLEASE, SIR 



What are you doing to prevent this from happening again? You accepted 7.7m from the NRA!
No more prayers please.  That's so shallow.  How about using your influence to legislate

Do something to keep this from happening again.
Please Senator, at a minimum, work to ban devices that boost gun rate of fire. Don’t let the NRA bribe you. Now it’s the time to act.

I donated yesterday with vice president everyone is supporting Vegas
Means a lot coming from you! We all hope fervently that she will get better. She does have youth on her side.
So sad for her and her family.
So many young people were hurt and killed.  It is an outrage that we still allow all these semi automtic guns to be sold in our country.
Proud of you for stopping Trumpcare. Maybe admit that the $7.8 million you took from gun lobbyists made her injuries possible...#NoNRA
Keep praying and stop taking $ from the NRA.
Here's three who didn't make it. #GunControlNow
Pass gun regulation or prayers are worthless
#GunControlNow john. Now. Stop treating mass shootings as a cost of doing business with the NRA. Stop being complicit in murder.
What's your NRA rating Senator?
Nice coming from the man with his hand in the NRA’s pocket
Please  Sen. McCain stop the madness . Beautiful young people murdered and maimed for no reason .
Stop the NRA terrorist organization
Your words of support ring hollow &  actions lack integrity. Stop accepting NRA bribes and start protecting the US from gun violence.
Our prayers are with her and her family.  SenJohnMcCain help others with more than words.
Please McCain, let's talk about gun laws. Now IS the time.
You've taken nearly $8 million from the NRA. Your prayers are meaningless.
@SenJohnMcCain You have accepted more in @NRA money - nearly 8 million!! - than any other politician. Your prayers ring hollow.
Praying for all of the families 
Please explain $7,740,521 you've received from NRA over your time in office. How does that square with your "thoughts and prayers" senator?
I think the respons. for the shooting is put on the hatred spewed at our President and his supporters. Proof is Sen.Scalise &LV shootings
Please support tougher gun control laws.
@SenJohnMcCain You’ve taken almost $8 million from the NRA in your career. Complicit?
Save your prayers for Sundays. Vote 4 meaningful gun safety laws instead. Show the same courage on gun safety that U showed on healthcare.
Prayers for Healing and Grace and Peace of Mind and Heart 
Prayers for Family and Friends for Hope and Faith...Our Blessed Lady of Lourdes Our Mother Please Intercede on the behalf of this Child 
Absolutely, Senator!

You're no longer beholden to the NRA. Speak what is really on your mind, Senator.
Praying for a Republican Senator from Arizona! #MAGA #draintheswamp #mccainmustgo
SOMEONE SHOULD PRAY FOR YOU TRAITOR!
Perhaps you can talk some sense onto your fellow Republicans and get them to agree to some rationale gun control
Do more than pray, do your job. We need common-sense gun control regulation NOW.
How about praying for the next victims who will be killed unless congress acts. #SandyHook #Pulse
Don't just pray Senator, stop taking money from NRA and work to ban firearms that have only one use - to kill people.
John you are complicit in her precious blood.   A veteran of all people should know these weapons.    Thx for nothing.
Traitor McCain.
Prayers of Peace, healing & strength to Ms. Savannah, her family and love ones.. AZ pulling for you and all victims everywhere.. 
Agree, but supporting meaningful gun control would do more than praying for one of the victims.
Savanna's blood soaks the ground in Las Vegas because her senator has no backbone
Prayers + POLICY CHANGE
You are the top career recipient of NRA funding- nearly $8 mil. You bear responsibility for all of these mass shootings. Do something!
But you don't care about how much she might have to pay for her med bills since you did this please retire NOW
Do something senator you are our higher power
Is the GOP pro-life or just anti-abortion pro life is gun control healthcare early childhood education
Stop praying and stop taking NRA money. Do something about gun control.
And you don't even need a medical degree to use a bump stock to perform late term abortion's on 22-year-olds
Some idiot with a bump stock can perform late term abortion's on 24-year-old girls going to a country concert
Once we are out of the womb we are on our own
He won't do nothing because he is GOP and they don't care about life after the womb

Does praying work you have a higher power my higher power is my senator
Are u pro Life will you require waiting periods before abortions but not waiting periods before buying guns
Why don't you work on medical all the girls work on their lives
$7740,521 from the N.R.A worth of prayers
That prayin gets expensive
We need gun reform, Senator.
Again this evening ill pray for all involved to be able to heal in the peace granted to us by god.  We will persevere.
You have received over $8 million from the @NRA. There is blood on your hands, Senator. #LasVegasShooting #AssaultWeaponsBan
How about taking a tough stand on guns instead of praying? No one needs a military assault rifle, not even one, let alone dozens-you know it
Also, do your job and keep us all safe with some common sense gun legislation. Also, call out peers in the NRAs pocket! And the prayers.
I hope join the effort limit the use automatic weapons to the military only. These types of guns are used to massacre people not to protect.
Stop taking money from the NRA
The GOP needs the NRA money to make antiabortion Robo calls.  While people with guns perform late term abortion's every day
Sen. McCain, You have been paid well over $7 million dollars by the NRA & have made Guns accessible 2 everyone: even machine guns.U help NRA
ObamaCare
Prayers Savannah
Praying for her to recover. I cant imagine her family must be so scared. I pray for all her family and friends that she will pull through.

Praying is good. Acting is better. Take on the private possession of firearms. Take on the NRA.
Prayers for you & family. Please get well!
Yes, we notice her and am praying for her and family and friends.;)
GUN CONTROL, SENATOR. IT’S TIME

I'm praying that you John can get gun reform passed!
It is disappointing to see that the Rep. are not interested in taking any action against gun control. What's your take?
Almost 8 million dollars you accepted from http://NRA.How  can you expect us to believe your sympathies?
Amen to that! Get out Sen. McCain
Prayers to her and her family.
Perhaps you could use some of that $8mil in donations from the @NRA to help pay for the medical costs
How many more mass shootings, senator? When will lawmakers protect us?
Your liberal friends seem to like the outcome One member in Congress wouldn’t even take a moment for silent prayer You Liberal are the worst
Why don't you use your millions to send her to the best doctors?   #MAGA
Sending Love and prayers
Watch out.  Terribly sorry for Savannah injuries.  But, these are odd times. Hope ICE does not try to pick her up.
Let’s do something, make automatic weapons illegal. Go back to 30 day hold and stricter screening. #CommonSenseGunLaws
Honor her & others struggling 2 survive & those that were tragically lost, can you all pass sensible gun laws and stop accepting $ from NRA?
They need the NRA money to produce antiabortion mailers.   While people with guns perform late term abortion's with the NR a blessing
How do you guys look at yourselves in the mirror?let alone sleep? How much money did you take from NRA? Do the right thing #GunControlNow
It is a sad time when the HATE is so prevalent. Especially you Johnie
Praying didn’t stop her being shot, but you can maybe help avoid the next massacre. Stand up to the NRA Senator, enough is enough!
When will you support common sense gun control legislation so this never happens again? Prayer does nothing if you do nothing else!
These stories are reaching you. my prayer is it will spur you to action. Don't let their struggle be in vein.  #GunControlNow
Prayers aren’t the action to stop this. Legislation no silencers,no automatic,no loopholes.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan how many more??
 for Savannah and her family and a full recovery.
I pray for her too - why?
Get rid of the damn assault weapons on the market.
Praying for you!
Praying Rs quit being scared of NRA
Also pray that the Republicans become really pro life instead of anti-abortion pro life is gun control pro life is healthcare and education
So sad #GunControlNOW
This was a terrorist attack. Treat it with the same vigor that’s occurred with non-white terrorists
Americans need more than your prayers.  We need you to stop making it so easy for these mass killings to occur.
John McCain can pray because he has a higher power.  Our higher power is our senators. They don't listen to us they listen to the NRA
Better take a knee with that prayer.
Count me in.  I'll pray, too.

Your prayer is nice at home but writing/voting for legislation designed to control gun access is an political action in the Senate. Do it.
After yr prayers PLEASE do something about passing sensible gun laws so this doesn't happen again. Prayers r not enough 2 stop this violence
He can pray to his higher power but our higher power is our senator we need our senators to do something we should pray for his backbone
Senator...faith without works is dead. Gun control laws now!
But he has works he defends life within the mothers womb once outside the womb we are on our own.
Hypocrisy at its finest. #BloodOnTheirHands GOP/NRA
What is more pro-life tham gun-control.   We outlawed heroin and still people take it but people don't die from random heroin injection's
Senator McCain i respect you as a Nobel Man. A warrior who has fought with valor. This girl is fighting for her life! Do the right thing!
She is fighting for her life because of bump stocks.  A semi automatic weapon made automatic with a $90 piece of plastic.
God bless the three of you...and all that are recovering...
Sure. While the cruel @GOP tries to destroy health care for millions of Americans and refuses to even discuss gun safety. Save it, John. 
Prayers for Savannah’s recovery!
Please don't let these people die in vain. How many people have to die?
John McCain is pro-life he will stop the abortion procedure.   Once you're born  you're on your own.  Because that's the way pro life is
DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL!
Do something pro life like gun control.   Being against abortion is just being anti-abortion.  Be pro-life pro-healthcare pro-gun control
Common Sense Gun Control Now.
Pro life gun control stop these late term abortion's of 22-year-old girls at country concerts
In Times of Anguish and Despair Our Prayers Sustain Us...
Yeah, right.
Maybe Not You , But Prayer to Whatever Higher Power Any of Us Believe in Can and Does Sustain....
Praying you retire soon
Will you support reason, popular, common sense gun control then?
In her memory, and that of all gun violence victims, let's advocate for #GUNCONTROLNOW
My best wishes and thoughts to every one there.
I pray to God she pulls through
This is horrifying. Prayers for her and her family. 

#TimeForAction
