Fake news
Yup! Bc Azerbaijan is one corrupted country. Can we say Russian money laundering? #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
Once again putting foreign stories ahead of American stories!
I think that it implies the direction that the US is heading. You know, attacking the free press and such. Oh, kind of like you just did.

Is that all you have Jen? Sad!
So shoukd some senators
Yeah but the Formula One #AzerbaijanGP is always a good race, except they have rose water instead of champagne because, ya know, sharia law.
Most of the population are muslims, but Azerbaijan is not an Islamic state. You confuse it with Bahrain.
I see
Sounds familiar.  

What's Russian for Fox?
No one wants to read you drivel you traitor.
From hero to ZERO!! 
Senator McCain thanks for your support of freedom of the press in Azerbaijan! Please keep moving forward with sanctions against this regime!
Yes, must read, Mr. Senator. Thank you for sharing
Wait aren't the Agalarovs from Azerbaijan? President Integrity once called them "one of Russia's great families."
"one of Russia's great families." - Because they moved to Moscow in 1988, they are citizens of Russia and earned their money in Russia.
@ANCA_DC @washingtonpost What do you expect from This Alyev Azerbaijan Dictator is a terrorist praising animal
"Mr. Aliyev, who succeeded his father as leader of the oil-rich former Soviet republic" Says it all. #BigOilCoup #FollowTheMoney #GlobalCoup
https://twitter.com/tahoesquaw1/status/905057439011262464 … @SenJohnMcCain THREAD
Everything you need to know about the Azerbaijani Laundromat..most beneficiaries are from Baku, Azerbaijan’s capital https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/sep/04/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-azerbaijani-laundromat?CMP=share_btn_tw …
Thanks for sharing Senator! Hope Senate committee calls hearing on human rights in Azerbaijan soon.
Just because you read a news article doesn't make it true.
while women get drugged down + extorted by violent gangs, bribed clerks, who won´t stop in revenging for telling truth to (repressing) power
Just a reminder, Trump and Ivanka built a tower in Azerbaijan that has never opened.
Wondering if this government may have lost the right to judge other leaders treatment of press. Asking for a COUNTRY.
Our president gets an entire empty tower there to funnel money through.
This is procovation.
That's how @realDonaldTrump     #AmericaFirst  would be if hero's like @SenJohnMcCain  weren't standing up to protect us.
Who cares?  Texas flood relief, tax reform, get rid of DACA, that is your job. Senile or dementia, which is it?
Senator McCain is in office to do your bidding, who knew?  Glad you clarified.
Yup. Get a clue.
wtf where is the investigation?!
You spend too much time in the Washington comPost! Must be where you get all your #InsaneMcCain ideas!

@SenJohnMcCain When do we bomb Azerbaijan ?
I lost my healthcare & Dr because of OCare. McCain voted to keep it that way. But I hear that he is getting the best medical care. Surreal.
with out your news papers you have no input on anything hope your working on DACA you asked for normal procedures in congress U'R laughable
Why I'm not surprised? Maybe  cuz this country is a monarchy? Anybody have a doubt that the next president wdnt be from the Aliev clan?
And there's this
this is only one case from MANY which are could be easily found in the internet with these keywords #CaviarDiplomacy
Really? We have Harvey Aid, Budget, Debt Ceiling, Tax Reform & DACA issues and you tweet THAT?!? Get serious, help #MAGA or retire.B SERIOUS
This is scary stuff.
Sounds familiar. We are now THERE.  Ref: @AGJeffBSessions @realdonaldtrump #Autocracy
@SenJohnMcCain  any chance those apartments are in tRUmp's Azerbaijan tower? Sir, I know your road is heavy, but America needs you now.
John Benedict Arnold McCain 
And your point is what, invade, import the masses, what? Had your chance 894/899, go away and RETIRE. No legacy left for Brutus.
This post must have struck a nerve because the comments are super bottastic.
Pathetic
God bless you Sen. McCain!!
& I thought only us libtard globalists cared. How about a little love for Myanmar's Rohingya?
Thank you for the proverb. Please keep following your moral compass.
I hope you are not in physical pain, you have gone through a lot of physical pain for this country
THIS could be coming for US if Trump and evangelical/nationalists stay in power
When we look into what Wikileaks's says they have maybe we will see where John goes.
@Rnagila @washingtonpost and life goes on, who said we all are thw same?
TFS Senator McCain.
Please stop with the brown nosing distractions and GET TO WORK.  @WeSupport45 @POTUS
We must not allow this to happen here  to report is a constitutional right

Maybe you need to put down the propaganda papers of must read and try using what little brain you have
It's all #FakeNews
Know what Trump got in Azerbaijan? A sweet little money laundering scheme that funded terrorists!
Trump's friend.
American issues are left behind and you are focusing these craps as" Must Read"Do your job ! American people voted for you not Azerbaijanian
Must-read. In America, Congressmen and Senators get free money for doing nothing.
In McCain's Ukraine, missile engines for DPRK are made & shipped to same. 
Rumor? Or fact?
'Come in from the cold, Secret Squirrel McCain'.

