RIP
You are a very sick individual You started the firethat got good soldiers killed;got Presidential pardon;records sealed;blocked MIA efforts
If you ever wondered why you lost ur bid for the Presidency?... it's because everyone knows you are not even remotely honest or trustworthy.
BS your daddy help cover up your hot shot actions on the Forrestal.
This accident John McCain did change Navy ship board fire fighting. Because of this "EVERY" Sailor is trained how to do ship board fighting
We honor you and the @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski. thank you for standing up for Americans and not donors
You sold Americans out.. your not a patriot.
You support someone who wanted to make healthcare worse and now doesn't want to make it better
ACA made it better for millions of people, including myself... he and @lisamurkowski  and @SenatorCollins are heroes plain and simple
We have NO insurer for 2018 & had ONE for 2017. Those without subsidies are paying full price & supporting others & we can't afford 2 see MD
you should blame the repubs and especially Rubio for sabotaging and not expanding Medicaid. I'm in Cali and have many choices
I hate that trump really doesn't care about healthcare. He only uses it for a political tool and doesn't mind threatening us with it
That is a lie. @realDonaldTrump can sign legislation into law but he does not write & pass legislation. Review your CIVICS 101 Abby! #MAGA
Wow good job John , the Japanese are brought to have you one their side !
The Left loves Johnny. He's their "hero". Watch them all praise their hero:
This man is no hero

While Patriots prayed for @SenJohnMcCain health, he killed & hurt thousands of Americans by voting NO! "Fear those who have nothing to lose"
You are a trader. Trader John McCain should be your name. You stiinken weisel.
I've seen training video's of this when I was in the service. Terrible thing.
What about us brave Americans being tortured and held hostage by your nonsense?
he didn't even have the COURAGE to tell his @GOP "friends" & "constituents" that he was going to vote NO! that's no hero
But he had the Courage to do the right thing.
u have an upside down flag because your candidate lost! doesn't get more ignorant then that!
On today's date a American war hero goes down in history as a true trader!!
A true Leader you mean?  A maverick standing for what is just and right.  He doesn't want his legacy to be maiming healthcare for millions!
In the military you are called a trader if you switch sides, right???? Believe what you want, to me he is a trader!!
It's caring for the weakest amongst us. Thank goodness Sen. Mccain understand and stands by that. Sad that u don't .
Don't be sad, i an not sad for you!!!
*traitor
Ya, traiter...
They should put his picture next to it...
bs
Oh Good Lord - Didn't ever watch that navy boat history  on any TV show
I remember it well, it was a sad day for the Navy and for all of America.
How did this fire happen?
You let us down today  We can't afford Obamacare in AZ!!!!
@SenJohnMcCain 

#NotMyWarHero
Thank you for your vote last night @SenJohnMcCain
Sold us out
#johnMcCain gets away w/almost sinking #forrestal, killing countless sailors -arrogance, reckless disregard 4 others https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …

Senator John McCain is a man of his word and a true hero. Compassion and heart wins the day.
Word? What word? He dropped it when he voted like a fart in church.
One word, bitches.....NO!  Go Maverick!
Your comment is obviously irrelevant. You cannot run on repeal and replace & then show up and vote not to discuss. Poor form at best.
The bill was simply a terrible piece of legislation...20% premium increase in premiums.  MANY more Republicans would have voted against it
but they don't take unnecessary political risks. They need to find a bipartisan solution.
Says who? The dems are not willing to do anything other than obstruct. They will never negotiate. They only want the ACA to not be repealed.
Wow.   That was a famous incident.   You were there.
WHAT!? He was there!!?? He started the damn fire that got em killed. God lord
Sounds like Judgement Day is right around the corner for you. Daddy and Granddaddy can't help you now.
I pay over 10,000 a year for health insurance!  Thanks for killing a chance for better rates.....hurry up and be gone.
Let's tell it like it really is! You paid $10,000 a year to help the freeloaders get free Healthcare!
We did that last year as well why does it cost twice as much this year.  Where is the money going?
THANK YOU FOR VOTING WITH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!!!!
#Sad that #Obamacare is the best we have going. Stock brokers have fiduciary responsibilities- but not Healthcare? What?! #singlepayer
There's a lot they can do to make things better, IF POTUS, McConnell, & Ryan don't spitefully run things into the ground.
They were very brave.  Turning to today age, for your personal demeanor has changed. You choose socialist and progressive world views, sad!
Wonder why @SenJohnMcCain has never attended one of the 24 anniversary events?  Could it be those who served w/ him on that day hate him?
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
lovely share on personal history. Cool.
Who caused that fire??
This is a joke right?  @SenJohnMcCain almost sunk the ship. Records buried but now released.... check it out...
Please quit representing Arizona. You have failed us too many times.
Sad man. Really sad.
Shame so many Americans died when you jettisoned your payload on that deck
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pscp.tv%2Fw_terrence%2F1OyKArzQmqOGb&h=ATOPsaYL1KlnDMUxJdaIS3GPFbr_vU7KTn5ghyTJmxVPkunR6epRCAlQtbRbprujMZaOX3W6P2r9mCjl38bApDbi0GeOe-K72ZqPN4Bm1rA&s=1&enc=AZPXGW4YzJhBMAFe7abUUPbkbEb0hL-p8NEegNYNH2eL-RWYubZ2dZLODw8vmoJGyv5oC0uPwBe6TOOar6V0Vqw9 …
Nice to have a family of Admirals potentially covering your 6, eh John?
How can you live with yourself after being the cause for all those sailors death
If not for His daddies pull and reputation that got Nixon to give him pardon he would have been court martial
THEY were Heroes, all right_who died because of your desire to show off & a reckless regard for their safety! Your vote= traitor..again!
Please, you were the cause!!!
that was ur fault.A few still left that know the truth of wht u http://did.horse  playin cost lives as u know.Murderer

 I Been BLOCKED by John McCains Daughter! Tell your daddy to call me girl. I just wanted you to tell your daddy to stop being messy! 
Sir thank you for your military service to this county. Do America a favor, retire.
Wow! Didn't you have a little something to do with this?  Didn't you run & hide while men burned?
#SongBird
Exactly what happened that day, John?
Looks like OB care for normal Americans, your cancer needs to be treated by OB care. Bet it'll be fixed in 1 week. HYPOCRISY John?
Wet Start Johnny Tryng to freak out the pilot behind him, he wet start, ignite rockets in plane behind wflames almost sink ship-Now Senator.
Weren't you the cause of their deaths?
Your a Traitor. Honor, Courage and Commitment. Ever hear these words?
Songbird didn't you cause the explosion and fire with your wet start. Thanks to you all those men perished.  Daddy got you off the ship fast
Knew this carrier when it was stationed in my hometown of Pensacola, FLA. Do you remember Trader Jon's?
You honor the people who died because of you?
John McCain caused this fire....  COWARD
 
CHANGE THAT R-AZ TO D-AZ TRAITOR
To be unable to see the truth makes you a sociopath.
Yes or no question. Sis you attempt a showboat "wet start" that day killing and injuring hundreds of personnel? Your plane was the cause!
I live on a Navy Base on Forrestal Dr and just recently became aware of the story.
You killed 134 people that day and lied about it. Congrats.
And you lied about what happened. Only reason you weren't kicked out of the military was because of your father and grandfather.
He killed many with his vote yest.  He's so proud he post about the first time he killed many Americans
A fire u started.

May God bless all who were affected by that horrible accident,

Invest revealed a power surge when a pilot (who?) transferred his systems from external to internal power caused a missile to fire.
Investigating John McCain’s Tragedy at Sea (from @Truthdig) http://www.truthdig.com/report/item/20081007_investigating_john_mccains_tragedy_at_sea#.WX04qQpN7Wk.twitter … #MAGA
Some youngster told me. This never happened? I wonder if he heard a 500 lb. blow. So many were out fitting bombs and other maintenance!
John McCain has absolutely no reason to stand with those Heroes and brave men as he is a TRAITOR of the United States of America
Great way 2 try & deflect ur act of treason, point 2 another tragedy.

U gave ur word, & u betrayed the people who elected u.

U r a  RINO.
They wouldn't have perished if you hadn't of screwed up songbird
Terrible vote by u on health care I'm surprised. I thought better of u   Sad to agree with Obamacare
You f'ing traitor - can't believe I voted for you!
As 24yr Naval Officer, NAVY still trains FORRESTAL fire.  Their heroic effort: NVR forgotten!  NAVY HONORS OUR LESSONS WRITTEN IN BLOOD
Get well SenatorJohn as you move towards commencement of a crucial treatment for cancer. May God be with you and your family. Good luck.
Senator McCain, thank you for your brave on the skinny repeal. You are so brave. Godspeed on healing from ur tumor
Obviously, then Senator damaged mind
Очевидно, тогда сенатор и повредился умом
U should honor them it was ur actions that got them killed or did u forget SONGBIRD planning ur next betrayal? Soros write u a check
Heartbreaking for those on board. I wonder how they're doing today.
My brother lost his life that day. He was AC. Thank you for remembering.
thank you on behalf of all POW's for your rejection of Trump, this is not what a POTUS was meant to be
This event... I am reminded of the incredible service & sacrifice of all who step up in service to my country. Sincere gratitude.
Benedict Arnold, lee harvey oswald, Timothy McVeigh, Bowe bergdahl, john McShame ~ what do they all have in common?
And let's not forget those who will and have perished under your leadership over the Obamacare lifetime. TERM LIMITS
Truly a sad day for the US Navy! Changed training and how we manage a flight deck. No problems like the Forrestal tragedy in 50
And here it is, docked in philly naval yard... i visited it with my family just two days ago..
Your balls are big for you to post this! Many, myself among them, blame YOU for the Forrestal incident. Keep sticking it to us, we bite back
Here's our favorite "Maverick" Traitor John

John McCain voted No to fuck Trump over after Trump fucked McCain's CIA-led arming of Islamic extremist rebels in Syria
#TraitorMcCain 
#RepealAndReplaceMcCain
#McCainCare 
The real story, McCain caused the fire.
https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
No balls McCain
What do you know about honor???
You CAUSED that accident, and you were courtmartialed for it. If not for connections, you would never have become anything afterwards.
I urge @SenJohnMcCain to go home on hospice & die quietly. Sadly with his vote this is the only choice given to many people on o'care
Coward Russia's Agent Orange, won't know nothing about this because he ran away from serving in the military & his country. #cluelesspotus45
Takes money from US but votes for THEM. How do you live with yourselves Mccains?
Thank you Shipmate. Go Navy!
Seriously?  History is forever.
Love,
Judas.
@MeghanMcCain 
Benefit of doubt...
Which you do not deserve..
Tell us how the fire started JOHNY 
NOT THE cover up story

You're no hero, look what you did to those of us depending on you! Traitor!
He's our true American hero, love you John!
I am a proud democrat who loves you from the day I heard you spoke at the presidential campaign in 2007! I still admired you!  thank u!
Sorry that you stopped progress on the health bill not good! Don't understand your thoughts is it right or left?
All the people in your tweet are all democraps and liberal turds
You are a liar
I'm loving this
Wish u burned up in it
Your hatred of trump hurt millions ignoring the reality so many face with Obamacare, young people paying and they literally can't use
RIP 
#SongbirdMcCain
Stop acting like ur a hero!  Heroes aren't self-centered.  Do u have trouble paying ur mortgageS?  Nope!!!
Is it true you were the cause of the fire? Why did you get a pardon? Why are your records sealed? Why don't you get treatment from the VA?
U sold us out for a few pats on the back and hugs from the dems. You are a very sad excuse for a representative for ur state
U can only play the war hero for so long before everyone catches on and knows u are just milking it.  RETIRE or do u not have enough money
U can act patriotic but u show no respect to our President  ur state pays high premiums and u lie to keep ur seat. U need to step down
It would be good if u just faded into the sunset. Heard u laughed about making America great again after ur vote Thursday night. Looser.
Term limits!!!!  Jerk!!!!

Thank John for being a great American hero!!! We support U,and your right, not only Congress but all Americans should turn off Hate Radio&TV
"Сам погибай а товарища выручай" это не про "героев" америки )))
они даже не понимают что это такое
Traitor.
What role did you plan in that disaster, Johnny Boy?
You should honor them you were responsible for starting this disaster. #wetStartPrank
Brave Americans
Isn't that the carrier YOU started on fire with your WET START prank??
Retire please. -Country Loving Americans
Didn't you cause that or was that another ship songbird
Don't talk about great Americans.  You just screwed them. Hypocrite!
Did any of u guys who hate mccain wish a brain tumor on the guy? Coz it worked. Well done

#Falseflag.  See you in hell!
I was there.  Right across the flight deck from you trouble shooting a VF-11 fantom F-4B.
Johnny "Wet Start" McCain started that fire and Daddy saved his ass. Any other pilot would have been in Leavenworth.
God bless you Senator McCain. The day was hell for our brothers but they fought like real fucking sailors.
And the emergency team where unfit for duty. You know how i knew that i was in the navy. A retired chief told me that.
Weed in the navy. Before this sailors where getting high. When this happen they found out half of the air crew and the
God people are fucking stupid. Senator McCain was not at fault. This was an accident and the reason why they banned
John knew u n Jax! u were considering run against Bennett..supported u for decades!review your promises on Obamacare last year!WHY?John!WHY?
Your a TRAITOR
