The little dicator wanna be little #JohnMcCain .. nauseating to watch power hungry little devil .. #FullRepeal sick of Lying #GOP DC Swamp
BLESS this HERO. You have the REAL trump card. Play it. Let's FIRE Pdumbo and lock him up.
You want to cut our Healthcare to put more money into our Military? We have to give up our Health for more Guns and Tanks.give me a break!
Any effort to replace O'care must be thru reg order-committee hearings open debate & amndmnts from both sides of aisle@SenJohnMcCain, 9-6-17
WE [RUSSIA] HAVE RECEIVED A LETTER FROM SENATOR JOHN MCCAIN REQUESTING FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTION TO HIS PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN.” How about this?
G
No repeal of Obamacare, no legacy John McCain. You will be remembered as a traitor to the American people for not repealing Obamacare.
ACA is broken. I can't afford the $750 p/m with a 10k deductible. We have to find the best solution, whatever it may be. ACA is not the way.
What is real Stunning is that you did not vote to repeal obamacare. You have one more chance to keep your promise you made. or be a liar.
Not to mention what #GrahamCassidy will do to Vets. How can you support it? We owe these vets good medical care.
VoteVets chair @jonsoltz wrote @LindseyGrahamSC and @BillCassidy asking for a bipartisan health care solutions to serve America’s #veterans. 
How about 16 years of non stop war? How's that impacting the services? Ever thought about that?
The American people are counting on your "No" vote on #GrahamCassidy bill. #KillTheBill #ProtectOurCare
What ever made you think John McCain cares about what Americans want or need. It's all about military contract cash for his personal accts.
Think about the stunning impact of cutting necessary healthcare protections from many of your constituents. Have a heart and a spine!
He has neither heart nor spine- oh yes nor brain.
#Traitor
You voted for that sequestration... did you forget that little fact?
Right...and the impact of Obamacare to Americans is more stunning, but you dont care. Hate is a strong word, but I hate what you have become
Vets need Healthcare.  Where's the 'better healthcare?'
We believe in your courage and conscience.
Sen McCain,  You voted against the GOP's most recent so called health care bill. We beg that you vote against this one. Too much to lose.
You know John I'm starting think you are just out for revenge on Donald Trump and don't care about fixing our medical.
More Americans will die from Graham/Cassidy than military accidents. Don't tarnish your legacy by voting for this cynical bill.
His legacy ha ALWAYS BEEN KILLING FOR THE STATE! And he continues to do so! It's just what sociopaths do!
"Stunning" what they're saying your newly released Navy records reflect of your behavior during your military years. Sounds very,very bad.
Sick and disabled people are waiting to hear what you are going to do. Quit torturing them.
  Have the courage to tell them your vote.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy

Who could have predicted that this GOP health care bill would be their standard plan: don't get sick, but if you do, die when you go broke. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/910460041228034049 …
Please vote "no" on new GOP Trumpcare plan. It's as bad if not worse than the last plan they proposed. The American ppl are counting on you!
God Bless You Senator McMain!
Are you going to steal healthcare from millions of people while taxpayers pay the bill for your treatments?#GrahamCassidy
VOTE NO. Do not repeal ACA
In the eyes of God, all of our lives and health are very important ! No man is above the other !
You are a hero-BUT voting for the Graham/Cassidy bill will PERMANENTLY destroy your legacy in my mind & many, many others...#GrahamCassidy
Sir, you've you country well. You are now a pre-existing condition..but you're set..do u really want to take us back to before? Be well...
#GrahamCassidy ?????
It seems we must postpone any and all of our possible wars until we are fully military prepared?
He sounds very tired.

All are sick AND tired of "leader" 45.
Dear Sen Mccain

Hope you are well

Please fight against this latest health care bill

IT IS WRONG
Most-hated GOP senator, never-trumper is sure to continue to screw the American middle class that are paying for the rest!
When I ask people what you do to their lives, they call your impact "devastating."
Sen McCain, counting on u 2 reject inhumane GrahamCassidy. Not every1 is as blessed as u r 2 have access 2 treatment! PLS PLS PLS help us!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy!  Our nation turns its lonely eyes to you, sir. Pls work for bipartisan regular order

GOP led house are the ones who voted for sequestration
I was sent this text message conversation. The #navy #nurse is trying to defend her actions by saying she was "bored" @ActionNewsJax
We're on health care now, or have you forgotten not all of your constituents are senators with full health coverage guaranteed?
Pls do what’s right. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Don’t let many die. Please say no.
So millions will lose their healthcare because Graham is your friend!  You need to resign because you have lost your sanity!
Stop pimping the defense industrial complex and kill Graham Cassidy Please!!!!
The impact of Graham-Cassidy on thousands of Arizonans will be stunning!  Vote NO!
The impact of #GrahamCasiddy will also be stunning. Millions stand to lose their healthcare. Please vote NO.
Wow. Maybe tax cuts don't work when the government has work to do. Ya think?
Please save our healthcare #killthebill
Sequestration = dysfunctional Congress. Is #GrahamCassidy bill, w/no CBO score or REAL hearings "regular order?" #LeadershipnotFrienship
It's heart breaking to read tweets of s begging for their ACA! Shame on all of you who find pleasure by ruining ppl lives
Did McCain vote for Obamas budget deal with sequestration?
Please vote no on the latest repeal/replace option...the US needs bipartisan approach to healthcare. The 4th time is not the charm.
Now that Trump is trying to rebuild the military, you want to come out and act like it is you who is fighting for the military. It is not U.
Stunningly thrifty!
Please continue to support our troops, and working towards real healthcare reform...please vote "no" for the half-baked Graham Cassidy plan!
Please do not vote for the new health care. Fix Obama Care.
Don't vote Yes on a bill that hurts the people of Arizona for expanding medicaid.
We'll pay more in premiums in the end for those who can't afford it-who are or become ill. Prefer not to pay for those who support this bill
Just like the impact of #GrahamCassidyBill bill will be stunning to the health of Americans. Please VOTE NO and #ProtectOurCare
Fix the ACA or replace with a bipartisan bill...not this atrocity
weirdly you never asked me about it and I continue to be stunned that America spends so much on war and so not enough on its citizens. #Sad
To your point, we need NORMAL ORDER. For many reasons. Kill #grahamcassiday now. #disabled will be greatly harmed. #medicaid
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
What about healthcare?  Talk about that please sir.
41/ Y'all need to cut it out already & work on bipartisan fixes to ACA. Screw dt. Make it veto-proof. This is PEOPLE'S LIVES. Cut the crap!
It will be stunning when Americans die because you wanted tax cuts for the rich!!
40/ Too many of y'all are acting like children. Country first. Lives first. Good policy first, wherever it comes from. The ACA is GOOD.
39/ Kill This Bill. AND THEN STOP. NO MORE. And stop sabotaging the ACA. Our health is more important than @GOP irrational disdain for BO.
38/ BANNON SUPPORTS THE ALT-RIGHT FFS. WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU, @LindseyGrahamSC @GOP ?????
37/ Why on Earth would y'all let Steve Bannon anywhere NEAR policy? Maybe that's why IT SUCKS.
36/ Also, @LindseyGrahamSC worked with Steve Bannon on this? You all know what Steve Bannon is.
35/ The ACA needs work. NO ONE disputes that. THAT is what y'all need to do. THAT IS THE *POLICY* PEOPLE WANT.
THIS is the problem that none of you will address, but you'll let people die?  Inhumane.  Prove you have a heart.  NO on #GrahamCassidy
34/ Frankly, I think folks like Kelly should be able 2 sue the @GOP for putting them through this. SHE. IS. TERRIFIED. FOR. HER. LIFE. At 41
33/ That's on your party. YOU can explain that to R voters. That is YOUR bind. Not ours. I won't stand for Kelly going through this again.
32/ You know perfectly well that there are plenty who voted to "repeal and replace" Obamacare, but LIKE THE ACA.
Do the right thing!  NO on #GrahamCassidy 
Save Essential Benefits. Save Pre-existing coverage. NO to these surcharges that we can't afford.
End EHBs!
31/ Stop putting others like Kelly through this. Stop putting the country through this.

29/ @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins G-C bill cannot happen. Even if you pass it, we will sue. We will march. You know we will.
28/ NO ONE WANTS THE POLICY. THE SLOGAN AND PROMISING PART IS YOUR PROBLEM. WE WON'T ALLOW THAT TO COST OTHERS' HEALTH B/C THE @GOP F-ED UP.
27/ Do you think it's dumb luck that everyone FREAKS OUT every time the @GOP tries this? Have you seen the approval ratings for these bills?
26/ Do you think it's just "liberal elites" or whatever nonsense label who oppose this? It's medical groups. Patient groups. Respected ones.
Too bad you don't seem to understand what continued funding & regulations of the ACA do to America. KEEP YOUR PROMISE to #RepealObamaCare.
John follows orders from George Soros
25/ Much like this nightmare of a "presidency," that is entirely the @GOP 's problem. We will not allow you to make it ours.
24/ The @GOP will have to explain to its voters why the SLOGAN and dt's PROMISES are so different from the POLICY you're trying to make.

Is Susan Collins the only Republican who read the bill? https://twitter.com/jakesherman/status/910187046345560064 …
Sen McCain please vote no Sept 30 against New GOP healthcare bill. Millions will suffer just to appease a tyrant called trump.
23/ It's on YOUR party that you sold a slogan for years, dt lied to voters about the magic health care he'd provide and @gop did nothing.
#GrahamCassidyBill is NOT regular order. Please vote NO!
22/ Have you seen all of the folks who voted for Rs, for Trump, who are worried about these bills y'all keep coming out with? THEY HATE THEM
21/ That's what they want. They voted on YOUR party's SLOGAN, and promises of perfect wonderful amazing cheap hc, NOT this policy.

20/ Do you think this is the policy that Trump voters want? They were promised the magical everyone-covered-and-so-cheap health care.
10/ The @GOP is literally making sick ppl MORE sick by continuing to toss out these awful bills. AND NO ONE WANTS THEM!!
18/ She is terrified, it affects her ability to tolerate her treatment, the nausea gets worse. She is not the only one by a mile.
Senator, please vote No!
17/ And each time these stupid bills come up, this obsession w/ "repeal and replace," & each is worse than the last, she gets MORE sick.
Passing the Graham-Cassidy repeal will send millions of Americans off insurance,but what do u care?U have health insurance 4 life! #NoRepeal
16/ She has never had a cigarette, doesn't drink, runs (before the cancer, she can't now), has been vegan for years. Still. Cancer. At 41.
15/ Kelly knows all of this. She is only 41. Breast cancer, radical surgery, chemo, radiation. She is a beloved teacher at her school.
14/ Our friends & fam aren't wealthy either. There's not enough money between all of us to fund Kelly's care. Best we could do is help some.
McCain you said you wanted the healthcare issue to be a bipartisan one. Don't flip flop just because your governor says something else.
then do your damn job. I'm sick of the utter incompetence of congress!
13/ What do I tell my friend Kelly if this thing passes? Don't worry, we'll set up the gofundme page? You think she'll sleep better? No.
Enough of the military McCain. How about health care for the people in AZ remember us?
12/ Insurance companies can literally get away with murder w/o these protections. Denying coverage, loopholes, sky high premiums, etc.
11/ Do you think Obama passed the ACA b/c he just wanted his name on something? No. It was for good reason.
Regular Order , Bipartisan solutions 
NO ON GRAHAM /CASSIDY 
Please Sen. McCain !!! Listen to John Kasich , not AZ Gov.
Don't take away healthcare for millions of Americans.
So now the chance to come to a bi partisan agreement to help the ACA is dead. As will be many, many of your constituents if this bill passes
10/ Is that how YOU would want to live?  Is that how YOU would want to fight cancer? Either no treatment, go bankrupt or have 2 ask 4 money?
9/ If you pass this, WHEN NOT IF ppl lose their insurance, they will either die, go bankrupt, or be forced to rely on donations from others.
8/ Fam and friends have already discussed creating a gofundme page for her if she loses coverage. That's what will happen.
7/ Do you think it helps her health, her treatment, her recovery efforts, to not know if she will be able to have insurance?
Where is your statement concerning the Graham-Cassidy bill?
Please vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Bill. You saved us over the summer. Please. We are all looking to you to save us again.
6/ Do you think it helps her, while she's fighting cancer and going through awful treatments, to be terrified?
It's almost as if one party being complete assholes for 8 years has negative consequences.
5/ She is going through radiation right now. She's done chemo over the last few months. How do you think these bills coming up affect her?
NO on Trump Care. Phony crooks in Congress just want cuts for billionaires. @DRUDGE_REPORT @POTUS @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @nytimes
4/ She WILL have to change insurance. She will have a pre-existing condition. She will be denied. What is she supposed to do?
https://twitter.com/embeedub/status/910090429227585536 ….        As a breast cancer survivor, this isn't right! Please vote no sir.
I've had metastatic cancer. Last night I was sobbing just watching my kids do their homework, grateful to be here for it. This is heartless. https://twitter.com/AGSchneiderman/status/909859641873575937 …
3/ Imagine my 41-yr-old friend, who is not at all wealthy, who is a teacher, who is fighting breast cancer, losing health insurance.
Haven't you been on this committee for a while?
2/ If someone w/ a lot of money loses health insurance, it's not that big a deal. They can pay out of pocket.
1/ I'm not sure about @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins but I'm pretty sure John McCain has a lot of money.
Please retire, you war mongering RINO. Put in a real Republican who will support our president.
I understand that you are a R and stick with your party but please show us the Patriot we all hope you are and vote no on the ACA repeal
Please, please vote NO on the health care bill. 32 million will lose insurance and those with pre-existing conditions will be priced out.
Healthcare, continue to need your leadership.
a dad's plea to have healthcare
Watch this Dad say what every other American is feeling. Stop trying to take our healthcare away & start helping us! 
If we didn't have bloated military maybe our ships wouldn't be ramming every goddamn thing in the pacific. Park'em and let's focus on home.
Senator John McCain what happened to working on healthcare
"from both sides of the aisle" #GrahamCassidy kill bill is 1 sided
NO bipartisan
Please don't take away my health care
DUDE! YOU ARE LEANING SO MUCH YOU'RE GOING TO FALL OUT OF YOUR CHAIR! YOUR BRAIN IS BADLY DAMAGED...JUDGMENT CLOUDED! RESIGN PLEASE!
We don't care what you think or say!!
So @SenJohnMcCain what do you think of your presidents speech that was aired today? Don't hold back.
4) asking you to honor your word and demand the Graham/Cassidy bill be held up to the light for all to see through regular order.
Sequestration the result of a previous @GOP debt ceiling government shutdown tantrum. Bad policy has it's effects.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_budget_sequestration_in_2013 …
To the Senator's credit he was opposed.
3) must stand by your convictions! Honor is an important word to you sir. Without honor, respect, and dignity; we are mere words sir! I'm...
My husband is only 50 years old and has MS and a genetic bleeding disorder PLEASE DON'T VOTE TO KILL HIM HE'S ALL I HAVE!
Please, for the sake of your most vulnerable constituents and all Americans, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy! #SaveMedicaid
2) to assure the American citizens voices would be heard. You demanded a score on the healthcare bill to determine its effectiveness. You...
Come on Senator McCain...we need you to stand against the Graham-Cassidy vultures...thumb them down and be that hero again!
Thank you for your lifetime of service & sacrifice to America! Respect it by rejecting this SHAM process & #CassidyGraham bill. It's not ok.
There was no regular order last time and there is no regular order with Graham Cassidy.  Please stand your ground-vote with your conscience
1) I know your main focus has been military, which I respect. However, you made a postured stance for regular order/debate on healthcare...
please vote no on the #GrahamCassidyBill -- it is worse than previous repeal attempts. where is the cbo scoring, and why is it being rushed?
Scoring is being avoided because #GrahamCassidyBill supporters don't want us to know exactly how bad it is. VOTE NO
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. All Americans deserve affordable health care regardless of pre-existing conditions.
Hi Sir! How's going the experimental Cell Immunotherapy protocol, for "your Neuroblastoma"? Regards hope everything's going well.
What the heck happened to your regular order demand? Don't vote for this bill.
YOUR MEDICAL CARE IS PAID FOR BY A SEPARATE GOV'T INS. COVERAGE THAT WILL NOT BE AFFECTED BY ANY HEATHCARE PKG YOU PROMOTE!!!!!
"Any effort to replace Obamacare must be thru regular order - committee hearings open debate and amendments from both sides of the aisle"
- @SenJohnMcCain, September 6, 2017
I get that you are a military guy. But where are your teeets on upcoming healthcare? Avoiding it because of your pathetic vote last time?

AARP stands ready to work with Congress on commonsense, bipartisan solutions to improve health care.

#GrahamCassidy is not that bill.
Please vote no on the Graham/Cassidy healthcare bill. Protect ALL Americans with preexisting conditions. Stay strong. Thanks
Go home bro
Republican party policy. Yours too, right?
Wow, do you really think he has a unbiased view? How SAD is ur vetting!
And, our government workers are also suffering under the strain. BTW. Retired.
Elderly and children will suffer
Impact to defense contractors also stunning. 1200 jobs lost at LM Goodyear. No one cared.
