It's all Bulshit from a Trader.
ask him why he voted no on Harvey relief?
Also ask him about the adultery against his first wife.
If adultery's acceptable for president's 1st marriage why should it matter for a senators 1st marriage? It's Irrelevant.
Interesting you brought Trump into the discussion. It seems you're supporting adultery by saying it's irrevelent
I'm saying it's irrelevant to become president, as it is to become a senator or congressman...has nothing to do with performing the job.
Then the best we can do here is to agree to disagree
I'm just curious. It sounds like you might be suggesting public servant qualifications should include how they've conducted their marriage?
Just imagine senators having Obama Care.
Pure Democrat
Tapper is a hack leader of the fake news movement
So what.
Go home we don't need sore losers like McCain and Romney
Thumbs down to John
@MeghanMcCain @SenJohnMcCain anyone ask him why he screwed us over with Obamacare? I would like an answer cause its awful 
Now that McCain is on mind altering drugs, fake news embraces him. His family should quietly counsel him that he is destroying his legacy!
Yeah, on @CNN the Liberal lying Fake News station.  McCain doesn't support our President so he is Not my Senator!   #MAGA
Glad he's getting such great treatment.  Mayo doesn't take ACA.  :(
Well the fact that this egomaniac went to the leaders  of #FakenewsCNN is appropriate.
Did he say he was proud of harpooning the GOP platform campaign promises? Never watch Fake Yapper!
Nothing but a traitor.Ask him about the ship and men he killed as a pilot he can rot for all I care. He got what he deserved
RETIRE ALREADY
BIG FAN OF JAKE TAPPER...JOHN MCCAIN 

AND JOHN BERMAN.    DO NOT ALWAYS AGREE....BUT AM NEVER OFFENDED.   3 SPECIAL PEOPLE
I think you're the only one. Tapper is Fake News. Berman is a zero, and McCain is a liar and a traitor.
Who gives a flying fick. I got not one minute for this Backstabber

That's where I thought you would interview, traitor
We support you, Sen. McCain! God bless!
Who cares!!!!
No thanks I can't stand McCain he lives off tax payers $$ but HURTS those same tax payers.
Sorry don't watch cnn
Yes, watch this. This is why I love CNN. Great interview!!
Let's not forget to Russian narrative and there continued efforts to paint the president as a real Hitler.#Fakenews
Not sad that I missed this one-McCain's small vindictive character showed through when he voted against his own party out of spite for Trump
Traitor is being interviewed.
You're my hero @SenJohnMcCain
You lost. Romney lost. Trump won. His agenda (not the rep party agenda) won. More support for POTUS. Less crap from old guard. Retire now.
On CNN.  What does that tell you!!!
Instead of riding into the sunset an American hero he's showing himself to be a petty diabolical old man #STFUsir
Not on my watch!
And once again he goes to Fake News to get his Never Trump message out!
Lied to his constituents on obamacare, now a useful idiot for the left
Shoulda stayed home. He's turned out to be a disgusting obstructionist.
Yep, would be on CNN. Wish your Dad the best but he's definitely a RINO.
John McCain will be remembered as a simple obstructionist to President Trump's agenda
 An agenda that practically mirrored his own.
It is not ok to constipate the government just to " have it your way", or to bundle bad bills w/good bills. Stop it or step aside please
Our deal Pls should return a better celebration like after Jesus turns water into wine at a wedding in Canaan, becomes better wine then all
But there is just too much too good wines at the end
Best Sir JMC: One of the *few* politicians that are 'Statesmen" in every sense of the word. Journey has just begun…
#JohnMcCain #Godspeed
John McCain interviewed by CNN, that pretty much sums up Senator McCain. Time to retire senator
Did you discuss your funds you got from Soros, enemy #1 of America? You're dirty and you need to answer for it!
Hopefully his last
Who wants to watch a fool talk. Left winger to the core
Thank you!
You are an embarrassment to your State, your Party and this Country. Please resign and give your spot on the Senate to a true Conservative.
tell your friend graham to leave our insurance alone in light of all these disasters he would even think of pulling this s___!
You say that you can't "divine" the motives of GOP climate change deniers. Allow me to introduce you to the fossil fuel industry, Senator.
you will be remembered by going against the people that put you in office...
Jake and Hanoi John interview. Bait and try to blame trump. Next interview is a McCain fundraiser for Cuba.
You certainly picked the right network,CNN, RINO.

Yes, we will remember you as someone who loved their country. Thank you for all you have done.
Who the hell wants to hear anything from McCain.  Traitor to the people!!!
Stay strong, Senator! Wish you well.

#Russia's state TV mocks American intelligence services: 
MP Vyacheslav Nikonov says U.S. spies slept while Russia elected a U.S. President. 
Agreed & disagreed w/John throughout my life. All in all, most can agree on served honorably. Senator, there's still time to make it better.
wouldn't wish bad health on anyone but this guy is not helping America where we need it most.main goal is to interfere with @POTUS. retire!
Shoo
lol nobody wants to watch ur rotted brain speak. hurry up and empty ur senate seat so we can get a REAL senator who does work!

Just one vote. Just one vote. Now on the Democrats TV network CNN. Talks down our President. There is nothing to respect about him. W. TRASH
Grubby paws outstretched with Keating, now who's funding the McCain Institute, and how much are you skimming? RETIRE Brutus
You made a career being a contrarian. Got people killed on the Forrestal, others took blame chasing hookers at tailhook, just RETIRE Brutus
Being a contrarian octarian isn't becoming. Take your bitterness, and vindictive behavior home to retirement. People need leadership.
"Was not an exercise in bipartisanship"? Pot kettle black
Think you may be wearing me down. Man who lost honor Forrestal, songbird, Keating, tailhook, McCain Institute, just RETIRE Brutus, no mas

Mr McCain , I ask that you seek audience w/ the Pope to do confession & to be anointed in anointing of the sick . 
Line it up for eternity
Excellent.
Can't imagine this was to get your ratings up. Dems won't watch. Republicans won't watch.
Bitter old man ready to betray the American people once again.
If he hopes to rest in peace, he should work to ensure that all Americans have access to the same gold standard healthcare that he does.
Sir, You are a GOOD MAN who serves his country with DIGNITY, INTEGRITY and HONOR. THANK YOU for your DEDICATED military & gov't service.
Let's hope McCain's last actions in Senate do not include voting for buddy Graham's last ditch effort to strip hcare from 425k Arizonans.
newsflash dork tapper, nobody in AZ wants John representing us anymore, but we wish him well
CNN STANDS FOR COMMUNIST NEWS NETWORK. ANTI AMERICAN LIBERALS. HATERS, LIARS TWISTED TRUTHS. FAKE POLES.
Who wants to listen to Mr Last in His  Class?
Nobody cares! He's a traitor liar murderer. He's not a hero. He's a coward who campaigned to appeal the proudly voted no! RINO LIAR COWARD
The only time we need to hear from him is when he resigns .
He needs to go.
Since he kept ACA alive why is he not on it?
Once a traitor, always a traitor.
McCain killed 164 servicemen on USS Forrestral & when it came to fighting  enemy, he got captured. Now he has voted against Hurricane relief
Not interested in anything John McCain has to say.
Get better Sen McCain. We will always need you. You're America's senator
