Ur a fraud
Americans knew about their $3K healthcare deductibles years before YOU voted to NOT fix it. #McCainIsPathetic
If they did then why didn't you help?
As apparently did mccain!  Quick to blame others!  Mccains failed over site on this 
is glaringly typical of his failed presidential run!
It must have been a great burden for them to bare knowing it would take a tragedy to get help from the government. Please don't hang them.
I would expect them and Congress to know the problems.  Why did Congress not act sooner? 100 hour work weeks are deadly.
they all knew about the problems you created too.Pardon saved your life
Spend LESS on Corp Military no bid contracts, and more on the PEOPLE who actually serve & give their lives!
Great-helping military. U have immediate crisis. Stop Graham Cassidy bill, very few politicians have read entire bill, plse do right thing
And CONGRESS KNEW what SEQUESTRATION Would DO!
Don't let your legacy be that you had the best health care and took it away from others
that's always the case  many leaders lie
We can thank your great friend Obama for that.
If this is not a recent problem, why only 2 Navy no-injury collisions during the whole Obama administration?
Navy's desire for "minimum" manned crews contribute to long work weeks when underway!
Working 100 plus hour weeks has been going on since beginning of sea-service! Still not an excuse for poor seamanship!
USS McCain can't prevent hitting a sluggish oil tanker, which shows Military complex is careless stealing misplacing billions tax money.
Yes we want a better Navy, but we want Obamacare repealed also. Quit quibbling, it is unbecoming an Officer- and repeal Obamacare.
but did you vote for reducing military force numbers? Yes or no?
Jon McCAIN YOU ARE MY MAN!
The real problem is obamacare and you refused to repeal it like you promised.
And you didn't know. Great oversight, Senator. You're culpable. Admit it. Retire now.
... McCain does not want to admit that the ships were deliberately ran into.
We will suffer under Trumpcare.Why no committee hearings?Please vote no GrahamCassidy
https://m.forbes.com/sites/judystone/2017/09/18/graham-cassidy-bill-the-last-ditch-gop-effort-to-deprive-millions-of-healthcare/?c=0&s=trending#98c936e13629 …
#NoTrumpcare
#NoGrahamCassidy
Why have you waited to speak up now?
Whine whine whine. You have been in office how long?!? You're a whiner not a winner!
So why did you not do something about it...AGAIN!
Fix our NAVY. I am embarrassed and saddened. This is not the Navy I served. Pay attention to detail!!! MAGA
...just as they have known about the dangers of nuclear radiation, and the impossibility of containing nuclear waste...
We have known that ACA needs fixing over last 8 yrs, do your job!!
You have lost your integrity
Ship had a lapse of memory just like McCain. Keeps thinking he is a democrat
And you sir,what happened to you with your wetstart,how many died?Hurt?All because you had to show dog and once again dad took care of it.
We know already that #GrahamCasiddy will be the most deadly "healthcare" bill of them all if it passes.
Shine the light, good Senator, shine the light.
than that's dereliction of duty!  Maybe less sex change ops and more training to save lives!

What about healthcare?
Please please vote no on the health bill. I am a fellow GBM survivor and I would be dead without healthcare. Please.
Senator, we're counting on you to (again) save our healthcare! PLEASE don't let Graham-Cassidy pass!
Maybe if they didn’t have to be so worried about sensitivity training all the time they could learn how to drive a ship?? Wht u think John?
What s hypocrite u knew as well and u knew about Corrupt VA. Disgusting  lies. Now u are concerned. Yea give us a break
Repeal and replace the unconstitutional Obama care and actually do your job.
John McCain please vote NO on the new healthcare. You voted NO on the last attempt. I  hope you do the same, even if you're Lindsey's friend
I love Arizona and think can't leave us m
without healthcare for all seniors who have pre existing conditions. It would leave so many without Medicaid, higher costs, & less care. PLZ
Sen McCain-the senate also knows the problems with GOP health care bill.Please stand up against and vote no on latest attempt to deny care.
My husband is only 50 years old and has MS and a genetic bleeding disorder PLEASE DON'T VOTE TO KILL HIM HE'S ALL I HAVE!
McCain needs to call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind in Viet Nam
You mean during the Obama years when they couldn't get the funds to make repairs?
IT'S NOT REGULAR ORDER! VOTE NO #GrahamCassidy It hurts Americans!DO U WANT LEGACY OF RUINING LIVES42 GIVE RICH&CORPS UNNEEDED TAX CUTS?
WHAT ABT PEOPLE? AMERICANS DON'T WANT YOUR PLAN! IT'S ZEROCARE! VOTE NO #GRAHAMCASSIDY!
Senator, this is a different topic. I have always respected you. I'm hoping and praying that you will NOT support Graham-Cassidy.

U WLD REACH YEARLY LIMIT ON CARE FRM CANCER TX BUT THANKS2ACA
U WON'T! VOTE NO #GrahamCassidy IT'S NOT REGULAR ORDER!
IT HURTS DISABLED!
Why wasn't something done?
Is it a software issue, the ships were 'blind'?
DON'T HURT VICTOR!
Do not repeal the Affordable Care Act! #ResistTrump
Imagine Sir if you made 50,000 yr and u had to pay bill for your care for brain tumor. What would you do? How to pay? Be a hero again 
HC by debate and policy not by chicanery! This is the same bill you just voted no! Any other vote will be a disgrace!
@BarackObama slashes the military budget and training.   American sailors died because of this idiot!
Do not let your legacy include denying people with pre existing conditions healthcare that will bankrupt them if at all attainable.
Please oppose graham-Cassidy !
Alright McCain you have a second chance to not let Americans down, vote like your supposed to, with your party. Repeal Obummercare.
Please please vote no- Americans are counting on you.
This is very important sir i agree with you but please also remember the millions of Americans who will suffer if healthcare bill passes.
This is really sad.
Is there anyone that McCain isn't willing to throw under bus for a CYA? Why didn't Chairman of ASC know about these problems?
You're no hero, you're shit if you sell out sick Americans, prick #noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare #ACASavesLives #McCainVoteNo #Resist
Navy leaders knew about wet start admiral's baby boy years before Forrestal mishap. Did nothing. RETIRE Brutus

We strongly oppose this new healthcare bill. It would raise costs and reduce coverage. See our letter to Senate: http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/politics/advocacy/2017/09/graham-cassidy-letter-final-september-2017-aarp.pdf …

Ten governors, including four Republicans, urge McConnell to ditch Graham-Cassidy bill https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/9/19/1699814/-Ten-governors-including-four-Republicans-urge-McConnell-to-ditch-Graham-Cassidy …
I can't believe John McCain would do this to cancer patients what a piece of shit

AARP stands ready to work with Congress on commonsense, bipartisan solutions to improve health care.

#GrahamCassidy is not that bill.

To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 
Senator, you are standing in a place of history right now. Why deny all Americans the healthcare you can take for granted. Vote NO.
A hero! Thank you for all you do
He knows bc #Congress approves budget/funding-requests for security increase at embassies also denied. #Benghazi @maddow
We can avoid this type of embarrassment. Please send a car and let's chat 18th and L NW.
Why has yr staff turned off phones ignoring constituents phone calls? 

#democracy
You should have known
You are a hero.  Be a hero again vote NO on Trumpcare!!
Senator, please consider the perspective of the AMA and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy .  https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-urges-senate-reject-efforts-repeal-or-replace-aca …
Senator, I have a very painful neuro disorder. The GrahamCassidy bill will make it so I can't get specialized procedures in my spine. I need
that or the pain becomes unbearable & feels like my body was set on fire. CRPS affects my skin, nerves, muscles, & bone. Please help,vote no
Sir,we are looking to you to show the same leadership you did in July.Have compassion.Millions will lose effective insurance and will suffer
Please save us from Trump Care tax cuts for billionaires! @nytimes  @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @billmaher @maddow @TheLastWord @FoxNews @CNN
You know this bill will have no real regular order. Vote for it and your legacy will be that of a liar.

ARIZONA VOTERS- Hearing calls to McCain's offices not high - he could be key!!! Please get everyone to make a call to call. #GrahamCassidy https://twitter.com/TheLoyalO/status/910142697297661952 …
I wonder if these tweeters asking you to vote no, have an $8000. deductible, didn't think so
Please do not support graham Cassidy bill. Nothing has changed and still hurts Americans. Why? Work to fix not destroy what we have.
And the SASC has oversight functions. What did Congress do wrong?
Sir,do the right thing. Think about the millions who are in your position with a nasty disease and no chance at survival without Obamacare.
Moral  Issue
I Testify
Coward In Chief
5X Draft Dodger
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot #GRABHERBYTHEPUSSY @POTUS
Senator you can accept this healthcare bill.  Say NO.
It won't pass #MarkMyWords
Please don't sign health bill . Please! Trump is an embarrassment and trying to screw us all
What say you, Senator ?  It's your call, not the AZ Governor. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Because of the $$$ they keep on cutting therefore maintenance is difficult plus funding wars almost around the globe!
McCain knew about escalation in military rapes leading to skyrocketing suicides/murder yet still approved $84 million in viagra n 2016. WHY?
And we know ahead of time about the deadly Trumpcare bill. But, GOP refuses to navigate in truthful waters. Bay of Hypocrites.
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy. A person with your same condition would face an 140k+ surcharge. This is inhumane
How dare you use my tax money to cure your brain cancer! Think of your legacy Senator. You've condemned process but not the bills inhumanity
Nope Coward In Chief Moral
5X Draft Dodger
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot
#GRABHERBYTHEPUSSY @POTUS
#RUSSIA MUELLER TIME
As a vet father grandfather and husband As a human You can't vote for #GrahamCassidy crime I know you can't cuz you are a real man God bless
You were the problem in the navy McCain remember firing a rocket on USS Forestall 134 men killed and fighting to keep POW'S from being found
NO on Trump Care. Phony crooks in Congress just want cuts for billionaires.  McCain please save us again! @lisamurkowski @nytimes @CNN
This is propaganda. The GOP blame game aimed at shaming Americans into spending billions on a high casualty political war. No John #WeSeeYou
Senator,you have been in the senate for 30 years.The blame should fall on your lack of leadership.
Please vote NO on this selfish healthcare bill
America needs a hero!
This guy is no hero. Don't count on him, no matter your cause!!
It is a shame it took deaths of sailors to get it handled. 

Michael Frend for Congress
remember when you killed 134 service members john?
Is this the day when Satan took control of your soul?
I wish they would've known about you being a coward before you sold out your fellow soldiers and fellow countrymen... 
Y @SenJohnMcCain
Traitor McCain no one respects u. Shut up! Traitor McCain go home. U r not loyal, trustworthy, or honourable. Disgrace go home. AntiAmerican
Are we holding them accountable?
My husband is 50 years old and he has MS and a genetic blood clotting disorder. This new "healthcare" will kill him PLZ DON'T KILL HIM!
Please Sen John McCain, save Obamacare please Cancer survivor 
Senator - Please oppose the Graham-Cassidy bill. For those fighting cancer, it could be a death sentence. Thank you!
Ditto, fighting lymphoma. Could not afford cancer drugs and treatment. Hard enough having this diagnosis without freaking out about bills
Sonic is more difficult
Schumer is making you look like an idiot. If you really aren't in pocket of democrats then prove it and pass the graham Cassidy bill
I'm sure John is about to tell us that the answer is to throw even more $ at the military, 'cause $600,000,000,000+ per year isn't enough.
ohh... I thought it was Putin again... what a pity..  is just america's incompetence
.@dcexaminer: "John McCain: Navy leaders knew about problems years before deadly ship collisions" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/john-mccain-navy-leaders-knew-about-problems-years-before-deadly-ship-collisions/article/2634889 …
#PutinSucks
#RussianRevolution
#OverthrowTheKremlin
Than why did it take the loss of even more sailor's lives for you to finally hold the Commander of the Seventh Fleet responsible?
#OldBoys
YOU PERSONALLY CAUSED THE DEATHS OF 137 SAILORS ON THE USS FORRESTAL DUE TO YOUR CHILDLIKE ALCOHOLIC PERSONALITY AND EGO...INVESTIGATE THOSE
Please stand for your fellow cancer survivors, like me, who all have ore-existing conditions. God Bless Sir
Yes, plz help us and provide us the same coverage you have-isn't it only fair that we have the coverage that we are already paying for you
Sooooo it's NOT "Training" It's idiocy of command! Yup, that makes more sense
Maybe these Navy leaders need to be held accountable. And much more.
no to #GrahamCassidy #SaveACA
