Support our president!
The old maverick loves photo ops
Why the hell were you not working on a relief bill for Texas?  Traitor!
Putin - Mr. Universe
Always great having you here, Senator.
delete this
Appreciate you Senator McCain.
What exactly do you appreciate?? Get real
Communist

Cares more about screwing Trump then what little life he has. What does that say about a person?  I find it down right sad
Appreciate you but stay with big picture. Help get rid of our incompetent President. Come on...you are smart, you know he's unstable.
don't you have a job to do?
Stop campaigning! Your time is better spent on deficit, taxes, and health care for your constituents.
Where is your health care plan full of ----
Hey @SenJohnMcCain /songbird can you go try to ruin another country? We the people have had enough of you
It is good to see you out and about. An old die hard Dem who does appreciate your honor!
Most democrats do, after all he is a democrat in hiding.. You guys can have him
You are a traitor to the Republican Party. If you do not start supporting President Trump immediately, GOP will be voted out, RINO!
.having fun on your vacay? we have to work to pay for our homes & food. don't have time or money for sports! thanks for rubbing it in!
Would you please just shut up and go away
Good to see you continue to flaunt your privilege & elitism.  DC Royalty 1 - Average Americans 0.  Thanks for the rub.




Stay away from the D-Backs---you liar/traitor. Concentrate on retirement.
Those are not the people you should be listening to, MAGA, Not rich donors!
Did they bomb anything? We know you like to bomb things & people.
What does that rapier tongue have to say about Comey admitting he made his decision not to prosecute Hillary before investigation was over
Please also put #ImpeachTrump on your "to do" list
Get your free 5star lunch when you went to the game? Go to work health care, taxes, immigration, BUDGET, or RETIRE Brutus
wow you support everybody ! except the party you say you belong to
Saying your final goodbyes? Damn that's got to be tough. Won't be long now
. You are still a Traitor.
Who cares?
Hey, McCain, we have a flood going on
Abusive tax system. Abusive health care system. Hope you enjoyed the game.
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain now you're back HELP the VETS!
We are praying for you Senator McCain.  You are truly a great American. Enjoy the Dbacks game.
Go diamond backs.  He is a huge fan.
People are suffering in devastation and your hanging out with the dback!? Get to work on ANYTHING and #checkyourprivilege
Catfish and sports those are your priorities today?  Seriously!
They've been winning. Stay. Away.
And what are you doing for the people of Arizona traitor?
Looking good sir.

You should be supporting president Donald Trump not a stinky football team. John McCain EL TRAIDOR.
When are you going to be questioned about dossier .. no outrage about clinton / comey findings ... CORRUPTION
You Stink go change your pants
Where is your family's pledge of $1million to Texas?
Counting on you NOT TO SUPPORT Brian Benczkowski - NO WAY this Russian  connected crook should be given Mueller's old job in F.B.I.

You look good keep fighting. Why not introduce. Impeachment procedure against. Trump??
thank you
Loser Trump 2020
Senator McCain -respectfully, aren't you going to be hot in that suit?
Hope you are doing well John !! God Bless You !! You're in my prayers !(even though you're a Republican! lol)
You look good American Hero!!
Wasn't he pardoned
I don't want to buy health insurance
Looking good, sir! Keep up the good fight!
Philippians 4:13
I can do all #things through #Christ who #strengthens me.
John 1:12-13
But as many as received Him, to them He gave the #right to become #children of #God, to those who believe in His [1/2]
name: who were born, not of #blood, nor of the will of the #flesh, nor of the will of #man, but of #God. [2/2]
