Let me guess...you're going to denigrate our President?
He is not the president but keeps pretending that he matters. Go away McCain, you are hurting our country because u can't control your envy
You giving advice to President Trump about North Korea is BS,  you who wants to stay 100 years in Iraq..
@SenJohnMcCain do you not think your President @realDonaldTrump is ready to act on his words? This is no longer the Obama administration.
Please retire
If you can't support POTUS even in times of crisis, you need to KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT!!!!  You're sounding unhinged.

Trump was right then and what he has said has come to pass! Clinton GAVE NUKES to N KOREA -just as Obama did to Iran! https://twitter.com/joshdcaplan/status/895064711934476288 …
Your Prez will get millions of us killed unless you act, Senator. Thank you.
You want to wait until Kim nukes the USA first.  #IgnoranceIsBliss
When Clinton said the same thing about NK, not even as dangerous as today, you said nothing! You #SwampThing
John McCain is an envious, bitter man, even in facing death. Really pathetic. He votes against we,the people,because Trump is an "outsider".
2/the best. I hope you beat this cancer. I will never forget how you saved hc. My late husb. retired from USAF including Vietnam. He was
Your biggest regret is YOU never became @POTUS .  Clearly, you hate @realDonaldTrump more than you love this country. God bless your soul.
~He doesn't seem to understand diplomatic language. Time to retire & give your seat to another generation !!!!
Arizona is really suffering under Obamacare.  McCain could have cast the vote to repeal and allowed private insurance to start the fix.
VIETNAM VETERAN Never Agreed John but forever his friend.   John Stopped  GOP taking Away Pensions 181 k Vietnam Veterans and we grateful
For a change, McCain did something positive for "we,the people. No reason to give him a pass on all the negative things b/c he's bitter.
Just seeking what the known GOP traitor was lying about today. Love how he said Trumps the President I'm not, thank God. Primary Rino #MAGA
He doesn't care about the people's health. He's responsible now for us being stuck with Obamacare.Taxpayers pay his bills so he doesn't care

Obama's foreign policy legacy 
#WednesdayWisdom 
It's time for McCain to step aside and allow a real Republican to fill his position in order to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Wait... Isn't KTAR the country they're mad at?
Qatar you mean!  No
Please call your colleagues and do something about Potus before too many are senselessly killed.
Don't worry Kim has already marked on a map which cities he strikes first.I'm certain you'll feel better knowing your city isn't on it. #Nut
Impeach tRump now, he's tweeting & talking us into nuclear war!
You'd rather wait until N.Korea's nukes reach the U S A first. What the hell ?  You are an #IgnorantPOS
3/very proud of you. Thank you for your service and dedication and best wishes.
1/Mr. McCain, You are a true patriot. I'm so sry for all the pain you have gone through in your life serving our country. I wish you only

Still not president ,how about calling McConnell telling him he shouldn't have gone on vacation we needs tax reform to trade in Asia
#TermLimits poster boy!
John,we wish u well.but u need to resign as senetor.ur bought and paid for.an obstructionist.let sum1 who cares about the US win ur seat.
So inflammatory words aren't considered "that crazy fat kid". Potus Trump used words to show strength unlike u!
Don't forget to relay to the American people that we believe in the Bible verse " Nuke thy neighbor" 
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before....
PREZ Made clear with NO If's,And'sorBut's that we will  Destroy any other country that wishes to BURN our people alive.  HYPERPOWER
No one want to hear your disrespect for the American people.
Time for the shitty senator from Arizona to retire his cancer had been effecting his brain for too long!
First live shadows of Father Then Shadows of War hide us from ourselves Family keeps us Hidden Then Death  finally hides us Away from Life
Please retire.
Look u crazy old goat. RETIRE!!!
Your jealously of Trump clouds your common sense. .We are sick of you're need to personally attack the President because your so bitter
Quit singing Songbird. No one trusts you. You have killed hundreds of Americans in your day. Traitor
Liar.
You are a traitor John. You lost in 2008. Sour grapes. You are part of what's happening in North Korea. You sat by as they got weapons. ...
Then you switched all the attention to Russia on orders of Schumer. You hate America and you hate Americans. Our president has our support.
He's a lier ...period!!!
We don't listen to a word this traitor says .....stay home and out of the way!!!!
McCain (warmonger himself) is a senile old man who is holding a petty grudge. This is not the time to criticize POTUS when US under threat.
What a dufus send yourself "songbird mccain" #sellout
John and the other democrats will sacrifice Hawaii possibly getting a nuke pointed at them because of trump hatred

McCain needs to pipe down.
Mccain is a washed up prune who has spent too much time on this earth. After awhile certain people just take up air and space. Time to go!!!
Hey McCain.  That's why you are not President. You have no balls!!!  How dare you insinuate Trump can't back his world against N Korea

John take care of your health and stay out of the North Korea business please
At least we have strong military minds to protect us and i am confident President Trump , Ms Haley, Mr Tillerson will make right decisions
Please serve your country and our state once more. Trump is unhinged and trying to start nuclear war. #25thAmendmentNow you're a patriot.
Please help de-escalate, our military families in Guam depend on a cool headed leader to assure them of their safety.
No because all #JohnMcCain will do is trash our president.
You have no integrity. Traitor! Resign!
You are further dividing the USA Senator! Please stop criticizing our POTUS!
Traitor!
What about the health of AMERICAN!
Yes..he needs to go!
Someone needs to tell POTUS to shut the hell up. 25th Amendment NOW!

Hard pass.
... Nobody will be tuning in to that garbage
OMG, it must b me, I click on link and get ads.  Arrrrrgg

Judas.
He's not in charge so who cares?
"Constitutional Conservative?"  Sorry, if you support an authoritarian like Trump, you don't get to call yourself that anymore.
