Keep fighting. We need strong conservatives in Senate to control this POTUS and protect the American vision from radical right wing
If you don't have integrity nothing else matters.  Very true, right Senator?
McCain doesn't know what integrity means. McCain???? Integrity????
Beg to differ. @SenJohnMcCain is about integrity and respect for the tenants that form the basis of our great republican experiment
Respect McCain??
Sen. McCain you are the greatest patriot in Congress! I have admired you for years. You put country above politics. God bless you!
Your admiration list isn't very long if you admire McCain.
Thank our First Amendment for free speech!
Great , enjoy!
That creek looks about as clean as your republican credentials.
Good but how much have you donated to Texas??? After all, you had great health insurance, unlike most of us!
My family needs repeal and replace of ObamaCare. Please help before more families are destroyed.
McCain blocked repeal & replace of Obamacare. Great Senator!!! Nasty Loser!!!!
I wish I can see the beautiful place like this one day.
Praying for you Senator.
Beautiful!
Wow. looks like more exercise is recommended
Get to work
Please just retire!
Great memories 
Enjoying that great health insurance you have 
While millions suffer because of you!
Looking pretty awesome 
Strong coservative? Integrity?
So cute
Sure while everyone else suffers with obamacare you get to have fun in the sun. You voted to keep obamacare and deserve nothing.
Love Cindy!
Retire
You all should be back in Washington passing Trump's agenda you sellout.
And disrespectful to the troops that were shipped off to Europe to stop Nazis.
Treasure every moment! Beautiful pic. Thanks for sharing with all of us!
I wish you good health, Senator. Please address Congress to request they initiate impeachment proceedings NOW. Thank you.
Enjoy,keep yourself busy,stay strong.Beat the Beast!!Come back strong we need you
Thank you for your service, from one swabbie to another.
now were talking let me teach her how to cougar
You're looking good kiddo. Stay blessed.
Looking good senator.
#JeromeAZ 
Enjoy and retire sir
Hi  @SenJohnMcCain. LUV ur profile pic! &wanted u to know since u voted to save my HC & hubby's (we had cancer), &millions others--I U!!
John: Please stay on extended vacation; your of no help in DC!!!
a good day in arizona ... 
Hoping that you enjoy it so much & you will not return to D.C. #DrainTheSewer #RINO
Your own Party has censored you including the Arizona Republican Party.  A liberal at heart.   Kick u out
Obama care is good enough for us but not you. you have a luxurious medical program. Why Isn't congress on Obamacare so the 70% extra ?
You should be in DC working for the people that put you in your do nothing Job. In real world you would have been fired.
You two look so happy and romantic. Mr. McCain seem to be ready for a new battle.  Some plans are formed. Congratulation.
You can defeat That fat liar in NK. John, show them what you got.
Those man need your lead to accomplish great things. Don't abandon them. Please.
why dont you just change parties and become a SNOWFLAKE democrat like you want to be.
Do America, and yourself, a favor. Retire and enjoy it every day..
You need to go. We want Trumps agenda, not yours.  Not a team player.  U have great health care but deny us. U voted to keep Obamacare.
Stay there!
Senator McCain best wishes and god blessing from Marie Antoinette Mudi, Slowenia
YOUR RIGHT>>DA HERO IS IN DA WOODS

you cant play both way!
Super simple scandal: despite condemning neo-Nazis in Charlottesville,McCain Clinton and Obama supported them in Ukraine doing SAME THING.
Beautiful!
McCain needs Obamacare.
Dear, mr McCain!
Look damn good for 80! Keep up the fight-
https://twitter.com/rickybobby90210/status/896819585873096705 …
Just traveled through Arizona and stopped at Oak Creek. What a beautiful state! Wishing you the best
Thanks for your service and all you continue to do in service to this country that was great long before DJT.
What the hell does it take for you people in Congress to DO YOUR JOB and IMPEACH Trump? Soon it'll be too late. (P.S.  Hope you're doing ok)
Let the minutes seem like hours
Glad you are out enjoying the day sir,love the cap. I'm NAVY also
Praying for your full recovery.  God bless you.
Praying for Positive results ONLY   Amen Marc and Sari Cohen
I cant belive the things you say sbout our president he is doing a great job with no help from ya.
Glad you made time for yourselves. Hope your day was very pleasant. Thank u for your comittment to your country.
Enjoy and get well
Stay home
Blessings to you and your family
Take care; all of America is praying for you and your family. Thank you for all of your service and for being a role model for my kids.
You are looking good -- keep fighting
Hey john disappear, resign
I can't stop thanking you Senator McCain for saving my family's affordable healthcare plan. May god bless you and your family.
Hope you get well soon.  Support our president
Dirty John McCain hasn't done anymore for this country than he did in the military. Loser!!!
Wishing you all the best!
Where's your 1st wife and family to dumped, you no good Louse.
looking good!
What a traitor
It is well past time for you to start articles of impeachment on this white supremacist nazi kkk encouraging wingnut in the WH.
Looks like Cornville
You warmongering lying old coot get back to work to repeal and replace Obamacare now! 
You are so unbelievable go Donald Trump I have no respect for McCain
Get well quickly.
This Democrat continues to be inspired by you.  You are what a politician should be.  Please get well,Senator
Best place in USA to relax.  Thank you Senator McCain for everything you've done for AZ.
I am a little upset you seem to be out hiking me sir
The biggest commie in America, so sickening.
What a great location, heavenly. Best to you both and know my appreciation.
Does cindy know she's with an asshole?
Love you John McCain
Thank you for your service and inspiration #proud American
We thank God that you are doing well sir 
You look fantastic!
Best place in the world to heal. Take in the energy
Enjoy senator you have earned it welcome home!
Looks peaceful.
living life to the fullest!
UGH!
Good for you, Sir. You have more than earned some rest and quality family time. G-d bless.
Nice photo of you both. Happy couple
Looking good Senator.  While I am a die hard democrat, I do admire you and wish you all the best.
you tore #Ukraine apart, I thank u 4 ur service but you've done so much evil! KARMA is a bitch they say?
Enjoy your day together!
Both looking good!
your a traitor to this country! Washington has made u a shitbag! Just watched the Oliver Stone #Ukraine doc you tore their country apart!
Hang in there, John.
Please reflect on your life and retire. Rinos are not needed. You have neen there for 32 years...what have you accomplished for our vets.
I'm sooo happy your feeling much better & enjoying yourself!!
Great picture! Hope you're feeling better!
looking good...praying hard for you
So serene looking, great to see you & Cindy relaxing in such a beautiful place! Continued prayers for your recovery! America needs you !!!!
You are awesome Mr McCain!!
On vacay Senator? President Trump isn't.
trump as been on vacation since he took office. He has done nothing. Sen McCain is being treated for brain cancer. You probably didn't know.
Think I will frame this one.  I have so much love and respect for you.  Thank you for all your service to our country
You deserve every enjoyment 

Need you to SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP! I supported you when you ran.
Oh such a beautiful place. Cheers Mr. Mcain, you are loved.
BEAUTIFUL!
Enjoy every minute together
Love Jerome, AZ!!!
John McCain is a Nazi supporter and he knows it.
Get well soon your party needs your voice of reason and dignity
Wonderful enjoy! Please retire
The best damn spot in Arizona if you ask me
RINO
Get to work man!
@SenJohnMcCain hope u r feeling well. Pls lead charge on 25th Amendment removal of dangerous DT. Hurry! He'll kill us all.
Grandma is dying of cancer as I tweet. Can't afford the radiation Medicare prescribed 4 her. Thanks #ObamacareSucks #karma
@FoxNews Sir, because of you I fo not have health insurance, you voted against your own people so I think you are a real traitor.
So, I voted for you for President and you betrayed us.
Great just stay away from washington
Peaceful moments. ;)
Those jeans have got to go senator! But I'm happy to see you enjoying nature
God bless, Sen. McCain and your wife, Cindy!
Looking Senator McCain, Wish you a full recovery.  God Bless
As you enjoy the creek, pease consider protecting clean water sources and the environment with the power of your vote. Save the EPA. Thanks


Wish you'd wear jeans, t-shirt & cap in the Senate. That ensemble and your brilliant, concise comment might bring a dose of reality. Thanks.
My hero
Should be working on a Afordable medical care for Arizonans. Don't forget who is responsible.
Why don't you just jump in the lake behind you, and stay there TRADER!
You guys look great...
Come back and save our democracy, please!
So good to see you out and about, my friend!
Hope all is going well for you during your treatment. Stay positive
Are sure you are still in Arizona? Awfully green. 
Thanks for your contribution to this country Mr. McCain 
Drain the swamp!
you should retire and spend the rest of your time on this earth with Cindy at that creek
Oh how I wish the GOP would have nominated you!!
Stay strong Senator you are a respected man. Loved by many. One navy vet to another.
God bless John & Cindy McCain.
A great looking couple.
Здоровья, здоровья и еще раз здоровья!
Traitor to State and country. Had U not voted out of pure hateful vengeance to destroy Trump MAGA, we wouldn't know U killed 134 men hotshot
This is what you should be doing with your time instead of hating on the President.  Beneath you.  I am disappointed for you.
We love you so much, Senator McCain! Your diplomacy and grace have never been more needed. Please get well you're in my daily prayers.
oh John! You are looking GOOD!
Hats off to you Sir! Holding my fingers crossed for you. Stay well!
Wow, nice photo & you both look great! Glad to see you have some quality time! Have a speedy recovery & bless you
Lookin' healthy as a horse, Senator!!!
Love you if I'm one day half as brave as you
Great and have fun!
Please retire
God speed Senator McCain - We need you to continue to be a hero!
