Stop kissing up to the left-wing media, senator. They destroyed you in 2008. Time to retire...
Thank you for reminding us what courage and American values look like.  Please don't stop speaking out.
man grow some facial hair!!!
 You're one those "I got Indian on my mom's dads granddads mom's cousin side"!
Watched your interview. You exemplify the "voice of reason". You have our deepest respect & support.
Hey John-boy... I see you're working for the #FakeNewsMedia .. Are you Democrat?? Support @POTUS
(D) McCain!
I hope you're paying attention to Twitter & other social media,  because we're taking you down!!
@chucktodd @MeetThePress
You are a Seditious and Treasonous Traitor!! You should resign immediately!!
@chucktodd @MeetThePress
#DemandMcCainResign
@chucktodd @MeetThePress
Great conversation. A voice of reason. Thank god.
I'm a Democrat but I thank Mr McCain for standing up for America!
Do you love America? Then PLEASE do something to get rid of Trump before he destroys us.
You don't like feeling safe, having rights protected, a strong economy or effective education?
Actually, I like all of those things, which is why the Trump presidency terrifies me thus far.
Examine last eight yrs as evidence of serious decline on all fronts.Trump truly wants/can fix. Watch & learn.
Can't wait till Donald abolishes SocSec and Medicare for all those Libtard parasites.
I don't think those are on docket. Nor would most like that. Plenty of other places to cut.
The rich should not have to pay for services they don't use or need.
Mr. McCain- Respectfully, it seems you're putting your biases in front of national interest.
Sir no one said no press!!! Just HONEST PRESS, are deaf?
Free Press is one thing. Fake news & hate movement is another. I don't support your disloyalty.
Heck no I'm not watching this unpatriotic and appalling display by a Republican Senator. Disgraceful
We're stuck with this senile moron for 6 years.  He will try to stop any progress.
This country needs you now, more than ever, to be the true patriot that you always have been.
yeah we NEED @SenJohnMcCain to retire. Post haste.
I'm sure he will if a Trumpkin only asks nicely. Y'all are too tough for a war hero.
Certainly a hero but he has become a politician and is not representative of mid America
Thank you for speaking up for freedom of the press,
McCain doesn't Represent We the American People
#ResignMcCain
. Please tell the world we are Nazis now. We need to be shut down now before it gets worse..help!
u want 2 hv Pres. Impeached! U R traitor! I'm tweeting ur video cussing reporter 4 question she ask
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/if-only-john-mccains-actions-matched-john-mccains-rhetoric?cid=sm_fb_maddow …
Thank you for speaking out. Please continue putting the national security of our country first.
Free press is one of our greatest freedoms but too many are busy pushing an agenda to simply report the news accurately.
IOW you 2 libtards defended globalism, open borders & lied abt Trump. Senator, UR not the man I thought U were.
Yemen
Well, you're a Hero again John-not to American people but to the far left minority democrats. Happy?
Do not be intimidated by Trump.  Get Republicans with you to save America. Be heroes.
With all respect,  Trump does not oppose a free press but wants the media to report accurate news and not make up lies.
btw you are NOT President - for good reason. You are not a patriot but enemy of state
John have you already forgotten how the press gave a Obama a pass? They hate Trump & I think you do
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain . God knows U've suffered enough for this country but we need u now. ThankU
thank you John McCain for understanding democracy & free press & speaking up! From a loyal democrat
a patriot who has never stopped serving our nation shows bravery while others cower.
and who was called a LOSER by DJT for becoming a POW,I will NEVER forget that #wordsmatter
-I for 1 will never 4get that or forgive that. I don't care who U R U don't dis our Vets
He was a traitor. He had to be pardoned by the president. As a favor to his dad!
Please, continue to stand for the people you represent & the people of our country!  Healthcare is very important to people.
As an RN I have so many people devastated by diseases not only physically, emotionally but also financially!
we need a FAIR and honest press Senator. Shame you don't support that
what do you consider "fair"? The press' job is to relay fact, like it or not.
well first we can try vetting stories before rushing out
next be careful with the word Lie. Never used in Benghazi excuses. That's a start
example please of a lie. A lie the POTUS is telling or one from the press?
WAPO and CNN have both used the word lie in the lead and then the story is more spin
when the POTUS lies to the American public, then it's their job to call him out
Use Obamacare as a template, then fix it to become the American people's healthcare for ALL AMERICANS!!
Don't let party come before the citizens of our amazing country. I am so stunned by the obsession to repeal Obamacare care.
thank you for being an American first before a Republican. Help your party survive! Stand up to 45
I love how the trolls use there real name and picture
Who cares whose health care plan it is. Use Obamacare as a template, then fix it to become the American people's healthcare for all.
Why should an American citizen die or get poor care due 2 their status in life. Help and stand up for ALL THE PEOPLE!!
I pray you leave a legacy - of always being true 2 what's right 4 all the people, not he stood w party, regardless of what it cost Americans
The press has not been free for some time.  It is a biased press. Obama & Hillary are always good. GOP is always evil.
Thank You, Sir. We are looking toward you and counting on you. Thank You.
Senator it's painful obvious you can't forgive and forget what Trump said about you service
Thank you Senator for standing up to the dangers of 45
it's time for McCain to leave government.
are you kidding stop the bad mouthing of our President do it behind closed doors you know better
You've become a sniveling little weasel.
Rand Paul: We're "Very Lucky" Trump Is in Charge and Not McCain (Video)
Cant imagine ur sacrifice of war, but we must join forces w/our Pres to end this fight. And it's NOT against each other.
i voted 4 obama & hillary BUT im so proud  of ur statements re trump today!! Thank u 4 ur continued service!!
we should have voted for JM in 2008 and 2008.  We need him now more than ever. Go John Go!
Senator John "Judas" McCain.  Undercover liberal.  Done nothing for Vets for years.  Please resign.
Actions speak LOUDER than WORDS. No actions mean no change. No actions? Ur no better than the rest.
YOU have joined forces with the PROPAGANDISTS. Are U actually 2 senile 2 see that, as many believe?
SHAME ON YOU McCain! Trashing your OWN president abroad....TRAITOR
Keep your negativity to yourself, John. We the People stand with President Trump.
nice job today!
Then do your job + work for country not ur party. Investigate Trump, listen to Democrat concerns.
@jacket1962 @chucktodd @MeetThePress Thank you.
it's sad you not supporting America First king @realDonaldTrump  We keep them as Royal family USA #MAGA 2024 Trump-kingdom !
we do need a free press. We DON'T need or WANT a false, full left, biased press, Mr McCain!
Both if you are fake and disgraceful and it's clear to all of us that you are colluding traitors
John McCain needs to shut up and go away.
We need an honest press. The "free" will follow.
I dont think we can have a fair investigation w repub controlled Congress. No way, need another way!
How does post WWII free press work in Germany? Banned a lot of things over there, eh? You're a joke!
did you check nyt article today ? It would appear your Ukrainian buddies are leakers, not conducive means for peace
Senator McCain, Trumps taxes need to be taken by @jasoninthehouse Is he protecting Trump (Treason)?
There's one thing I'd like to say to both of you...
U are a total embarrassment and show no loyalty to the Republican Party or to our President. We def need senate term limits!
These peeps shd not be in WH no exper except 4 bein prom Racists -Bannon,Miller(rt out of 3rd reic)
the only thing your worried about McCain is yourself!  How come AZ VA is a mess? Your state!
Seen all too clearly through the 8 years of Pres Obama and now the first month of Pres Trump's term.
Hey John How did that press treat you during the election?
I can answer they treated you like trash NYT admits to doing more positive stories on Obama hmmmm
john McCain your part of the problem with Washington DC and your a trader to our country!
Thanks Sen McCain U might not be #Trump's hero but u r mine
Traitor McCain you bad mouth R President Trump on foreign soil there's pics of u with ur buddy Soros
JOHN DOESN'T UR TONGUE GET TIRED?  SHAMELESSLY LICKING THE SHOES OF LEFTISTS, ATTACKING DJT, TOOL!
Put ur money where u mouth is, McCain! we've been waiting for honor/integrity from you since 2008
RINO. TRADER.  when you side with chuck Todd  retire already
What I'd like to watch is McCain voting like he wasn't beholden to our #SoCalledPresident.
support you all but not liking your remarks on #POTUS un-American statement while abroad
"NEW WORLD ORDER" is what you said you GEORGE SOROS & SATANIST GLOBALIST PUPPET! SWITCH PARTIES!
how dumb2 say it @chucktodd @MeetThePress "critique in chief" of @POTUS Vietnam Combat Vet 69-70 82nd AA 11C @US_Veterans
You did indeed and you embarrased yourself and the nation one more time! botox gone to your brain
I fell off the McCain train when you aligned with @SarahPalinUSA. So proud of you today. I'm happy to respect you again!
Journalism is Become a Criticle Component on the Safety + Well being to All False News So Dangerous
resign please
for the last 50 years you have allowed America to be FLOODED with illegals , and now we see results
Traitor #TermLimits
Thank you for standing up as the principled, decent man we've known you to be. Country B4 party.
you should be ashamed of self how dare you talk about the president like that Trader
Thank you!  This is the John McCain I respect.
Can you explain why free press is more  important than the free exercise of religion? 1st Amendment doesn't define it as so
Cut the Putin bollocks, no one is buying it.
OUR FATHERS SAID:
"FREEDOM OF THE PRESS"
"NOT LYING AND MISLEADING PRESS"!!!
WTF is the matter with you, McCain?
@meltzinmymouth2 @SenJohnMcCain @chucktodd @MeetThePress failed pilot, senator, presidential bid, globalist oh yeah syria
You're both despicable.
No. @chucktodd @MeetThePress
so glad you never got the presidency you lying neocon
world to say what he wants about the press that is so full of bias,has betrayed the principles
Thank you Sen McCain. Please keep speaking out. You understand democracy - any other Republicans?
Great words but start voting country before party. You didn't vote against DeVos or Pruitt.
do you realize how much we the people despise you sick, lying fools???

Senator, you need to stop undermining the president in a public forum, plain & simple.
Hav u & repubs reviwed Trumps statements ov past 2yr He const defends Putin, asked hm to hack mor
John, Please retire
YOU, sir, are how DICKheads get started. Bitter old man who is jealous Trump did what you couldn't.
Your choice of words is irresponsible and divisive, petty jealousy, 30 yrs?, YOU LOST
<LOVED IT! Now have you read this?  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/02/19/us/politics/donald-trump-ukraine-russia.html …  Please read fully..for the sake of USA.
Get with the program!
Senator, it's time to stop being butt hurt over President Trump winning. Time to start supporting him!
U need to step down John McCain. You are no conservative Republican. Bash POTUS daily.
If MSM said nothing of the EMAIL SCANDAL of Hillary who jeopardized Nat'l Security with...
Sir, words are a good start, but you MUST use your vote & power in Congress to ACT, not just TALK. @chucktodd @MeetThePress
U have been kissing democrat backsides since you lost to Obama as if he scared you! Now sedition?WOW
haha brain dead war mongers, so sad you are

We need you!
I loved your speech...made me cry. Watched again, still cried. Thank you.
more of this and less of voting for the madness.
you two are what is wrong with the country and the world.
You have NO CREDIBILITY EVER AGAIN, WHICH MAKES THE PRESS THE ENEMY OF THE AMERICAN CITIZENS & THE WORLD!
John McCain is a disgrace. Time for the old man to retire.
u criticize Pres T abt Russia when Hill sold uranium 2 them/& u want 2 Impeach him
McCain called Trump supporters "crazies" days B4 Trump called McCain a loser. McCain started the it
guess UR ok w/press giving questions to HRC, vulgar comments of 1st lady & fake news. Shame on u.
Everyone supports a free press. Not the present press who makes up lies,we need an honest free press
Sen McCain, America is looking to you to put America above the GOP on Trump/Russia please help
We all want a free press, incl. Prez Trump. We also want a fair and un biased press.  U dont' get it
and if you can't connect the dots, maybe it's time for you to retire.
You here to support the President to make our lives better or are you just another Never Trumper
I agree on a free press.I don't agree on biased agenda driven press that fabricates news to destroy.
@SenateGOP  U do know that almost all support 4 UR purposeful misleading statements R from the progressive left...
...that U have done virtually nothing to try & stop their eroding of our Constitution, country&culture
Anyone seen that patriotic Senator John McCain lately
A free press doesn't mean a scrutiny-free press. Press has gotten sloppy re:investigating/verifying.
Thank you
trump can defend himself this is not a dictatorship Too Bad!!!!
More hope than belief
If you believe what you say, then impeach Trump. Oppose his appointments. Anything less is party before country.
Simply put, you are way off base.
the press is supposed to be unbiased and not cherry pick it's stories
@DetonicsMKV @chucktodd @MeetThePress you need to resign...just go home and retire...please...ur in the way...truelly..my god
TRUTH: John McCain is blindly motivated by Trump's repudiation of his identity as a war hero.
you lost all my support for you.
is all bark, no bite, in regard to #45th.  @Evan_McMullin is the new Maverick to watch & keep score
