On the View your daughter is soooo proud of her Dad. That is really another testament to Senator McCain was a fine Father too
Yes the liberal is on a liberal show tainting her liberal in conservative clothing father. Well he lost his cover! We know he is a Traitor
@KimAllen69 your a Christian you say?! And you like @realDonaldTrump that’s HYPOCRITICAL and blastamy all the same!! U don’t know Jesus!!
Not hypocritical at all. DNC is party that boos God!  And Jesus was not Republican or Democrat. He was not a politician. He is Lord!
I like Donald Trump as my President & Commander N Chief!  He has Bible Study at WH once a week, but he is not my Pastor N Chief.
He does not practice any good moral or religious actions.  Actions and Conduct show the character of the man. He adds to the gruesomeness by speaking ill of the weak and disabled. Quite a guy!!'
Oh and FYI - CNN reporter made fun of a Senator with a childhood disability this week. MSM is not screaming about it. Cause it was Mitch
Two wrongs do not justify any bad deed or words of Trump. Not exactly a defense for Ttump
Of course you like it. It is a Dem plan! You stopped being a conservative a while ago!
Thank you for being an adult in the room. Hope your treatments are not leaving you too weary.
He has a glio. The brain fog is real. He is not clear in the head smh
Zoey the bot has 34 followers >tweets a lot re. glioblastoma. I’m an RN>just because Sen McCain is under treatment doesn’t=he’s incompetent!
Wrong. Brain fog is real. I've seen it. Oncology is a real awakening when you see it day after day year after year. Tick tock
1) WRONG. I was an Oncology RN x many yrs. YES brain fog is real & can cause cognitive probs but it rarely rends ppl incompetent until late
Cognitive problems are the very reason McCain needs to step down
Stop the bullshit. If he voted your MAGA party line, you wouldn't be spouting about glios and brain fog. Please.
It's not BS , but you just bury your head in the sand. Do you think his physicians recommend he drive? Get over yourself. Childish
I haven't always agreed w/ your policies Senator but I respect a man who rises above his party line for the greater good 
#GodSpeed Sir
You mean a traitor to his party and calls himself a republican when he totally acts like a Democrat You need to switch Rino to SNOWFLAKE
He's anything but a traitor.... and is not nor ever has been a Democrat ... but at least he's got something you lack .... CLASS
Notice how fast #Cult45 will viciously attack ANYONE who steps outta line. So pathetic Sheep blindly following their fuhrer.
They are go along with 45, so low so low that they don't even care that thr Senator was battling cancer.
Anyone disrespecting @SenJohnMcCain desreves all the ridicule dealt .. I'm a democrat to the core but I can honor the man as a fellow vet ..
would you expect Obama to agree with conservative views on his deathbed?
I expect all politicians to take issues on a case by case basis and do what’s best for the country, not toe a party line.
Like you did anything to help. You're hurting every American from your obstruction to try to be relevant in which you're not
Ssshhh is ok
Have you ever apologized to the families of our servicemen you killed? The info you gave that brought planes down? You are always saying FU!
So I like how you're hiding your ankle monitor claiming a fake injury nice to know you're going down
@SenJohnMcCain Please STOP Trump from selling this country off to Russia. Why no sanctions yet?
Sir, you are an amazing human being. Thank you
Takes alot of courage to stand up and against your own party to do what one thinks is right.
There needs to be meaningful leadership from @GOP in house and senate for this to pass. POTUS clearly still wants ACA to fail.
It needs 2 be repealed its never been a good plan it raises premiums thrutheroof & keeps getting worse Its POTUS who cares abt us Not Rinos
Traitor
What's your vote on the tax bill going to be, Sen. McCain?
Senator, you are a class act.
Thank you Senator, family member in preop stage of needed surgery and is unsure if it will happen bc of no csr payments! Completely scared
If President Trump came up with the same plan...you would vote against it!
Of course you like retire you dithering old man
And you do nothing as usual your whole life has been a sham.  I wish you shared the daily struggles that the true Americans have.
As an (I ) I  want to thank you for all you & your family have sacrificed for our country & continue to put citizens before party!  #GoBold
You are absofuckinglutely clueless.
So u support using tax payer money to bailout insurance companies.And u agree problems with ACA won't be fixed. Yet u support. U r brilliant
Bipartisan effort way to go Senators, United States citizens want governance.
A common purpose; serve constituents not special intrests
Sen McCain, you're my hero... A true Republican. Thank you for service & being honest.
Just retire!!!!
Now!!!
I want to commend you, Senator McCain, for displaying once again courage under fire by voting NO and hence saving ACA.
For hanging a noose for our American people. You don't truly care about us you just care about getting at our great President who does care
If John McCain likes it ,it is not good for American people
Also felt the need to tell you..you aren't cool.
Thank you Senator McCain for standing up for what’s right; your speech in Philly is one for the ages. GOP must regain its bearings.
Not GOP, #America must regain its bearings and get rid of the #TeaParty and the #GOP! Thank you @SenJohnMcCain.
lol I love how when #McCain ran in 08 liberals called him a racist, a fascist, war monger,etc.....but now they  him dearly. What a joke
Now that sounds like the John McCain I remember.
He was a bit-partisan legislator before the Republican Party started punishing compromise.
No hes a Rino traitor. He needs to get out of our way and go to the Democratic party because that's what he lives and serves
You mean continue to boost Ins Co profit with redistribution of taxes. 
If the price of groceries were set by income, would you accept that?
Most certainly congratulations on continuing Obamacare and government health care that's what you Democrats and liberals want
It will be undermined by our Dear Leader and their are too many sheep to over ride it.
The only deals Trump wants R 1's that has his name on them as if it were 2 be a building or a golf club his name on it will bankrupt country
John McCain U commend both sen Alexander & Murray As Trump did & 20 minutes later Trump does a 180 kills deal thats dead As his brain cells
I don't know the man and don't disrespect him.  I do, however, disagree with his policies.  Reliable problem.
Please keep standing your ground against the injustices.
pity it's been killed by your colleagues in the House and Senate.  Partisan politics over country, every time.
I do not agree with u on many issues. But Bi-Partisanship & Compromise makes for strong govt. U R a true hero. Keep up the fight & God bless
Too bad that these bipartisan efforts are happening in spite of @realDonaldTrump instead of because of him....watch his spin..
If McCain is commending them it’s bad for the middle class and they want it passed to lay it on @realDonaldTrump
Just like any Democrat.
Peace at any price is surrender.
it took the @realDonaldTrump  to get you off your ass. how are you going to explain your action to god ? how old are you ?you got maybe 20 y
Yes!
Unfortunately Paul Ryan has already nixed it 

And then the moron @realDonaldTrump got a call from boss Bannon and told him he can’t deal.
now that #trump forced them to the bargaining table they get off their ass thank you mr president
Draft DODGER!!!!
This is nothing but corporate welfare bailouts that are making big pharma & insurance companies rich. You are giving ACA aid and comfort.
I haven't always agree with you. However, I  respect you as veteran for your service and support to our nation's healthcare.
Me too now can gop put there egos aside and pass it so the markets can begin to stabilize with some more tweaking
Thank God for Senator John McCain!!!
I really respect what you said in your speech The other night about America, you described the America that I grew up in. I respect you!
And then McConnell and Ryan sit on it.
Netanyahu is Boss of US Congress ordering it to follow his buddy Trump and scrap Iran deal. wow Netanyahu rules the world now
You mean like u promised to repeal & replace.
So grateful to you Mr McCain and the others who helped!
Mr John McCain absolutely agree with you! you should be commend for helping them w/ the time that was needed for them to make those changes
Thank you @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander, now for #TrumpResign
Repeal, replace, then RETIRE
HA HA now you are retweeting McQueeg!!!
Thank you, Senators Alexander and Murray.  Senator McCain, thank you for endorsing their important work.
Please make sure it passes Senator
Bravo!! Thank you!
Will it undo Trump sabotage? Now let's undo the rest of his bad decisions!
You're the man Senator McCain, for not being a follower but a true Statesman. Thank you ...
A nation watches as the (faux) conservative party embraces socialism and Cloward-Piven strategies.
@pattymurray is the best
Thanks for supporting Alexander-Murray bill! Please convince @SenateGOP to support; Selfemployed, family on #ACA, husband young #Alzheimers
Keep on keeping on @SenJohnMcCain. This is some of the most important work of your legacy.
That was kinda easy...guess working together is good
Any compromise to keep Trump's "Kill at Will" policy at bay is welcome. Alex/Murray is a bridge versus a sinkhole.
Please make this reality.
Hopefully this will fly through both the House and Senate, though I very much doubt it.  Good work, Senators.
Trump ready to blow it up! Trump is destroying America pure and simple
They don’t need any help.
Insurance market doesn’t need stability.
it's not stabilize middle class is still having 3,000-6,000 a month in premiums while you get it for http://free.You  lied obamacare
Well that didn't age well
I John McCain
This is not stabilizing the insurance market. It continues the aca that you said in 2009 was no good. #hypocrite
You lied Classy does NOT lie  Lol look at all the #liberalhypocrisy on here .  Now they support this #RINO
It does no good when the imbecile @realDonaldTrump destroysit
Let’s not forget this @SenJohnMcCain https://youtu.be/4hr37eE0nO8  #pow #traitor #vietnam #mia #grumpyoldman sincerely az resident

It was deemed as illegal snowflake.
Can they (the senators)  get those payments made without trump? Or is this accomplishment in vain?
Oh shout the hell up!! You're just doing this to screw Trump! Instead you're screwing us. Are you going to pay my premiums ! RETIRE!
Yes
Insurance companies are required to give better care with ACA. Before ACA, I was afraid to use my healthcare. My premiums were likely raised
I commend you sir for thinking of your constituents & rising above the party line with class.
I can't tell u how much your fair minded courage has meant 2 me. I had given up on congress & WH being wise &honest until u &Collins. Thanks
Well, that was short lived thanks to Paul Ryan.
The agreement reached was backed by Trump yesterday. His reversal within 24hrs is vry troubling. Pls be the voice of reason
@SenatorCollins
John McCain I adopted my baby boy is Vietnam staid next door to the Hanoi Hilton! My birthday, October 26, the day you were shot down!
And to be honest those who follow Trump blindly are the same as those who follow leader like Hitler Stalin etc etc
Thank you for being a leader!
U’ll support a liberal&rhino!U never support POTUS.U were rude to Peter Doocy when he asked what we all want to know!Support POTUS’ he won!
A liberal &rhino of course you’ll support.POTUS never gets your support!You were rude to Peter Doocy when he asked about supporting POTUS!!!
Yes! Thank you. Now the big work starts -- how to get this passed. I, for one, am behind you!!! #LetsDoThis #LivingWithMBC
what u mean to say u want to thank your liberal friends for voting to keep obamacare, which u lied and said u'd repeal but won't
Thanks for sanity...as we tread through having a Crazy Executive in Place...via Russia...
And just what does this do!???? Is this going to help people! My Medicare supplement going up 2018, do not think I can afford it!
Won’t help bc your GOP colleagues won’t pass it. Party over country. SAD!
Was little pre-teen girl w/Readers Digest @SenJohnMcCain horrendous yrs as POW.Thank u for service & thank u now standing for bipartisanship
Just wondering how many of u fawning leftists voted for him the year Barry schlonged him?
Your GOP colleagues are trying to sabotage it. Meanwhile, you are voting to help rich people get richer? #taxbilllegacy
.Problem is there are so few proud, brave legislators like McCain who will stand up to the 34%+theOne who will be mad at them.
john lindsey and mitch wont agree to it bless you for being a real man your a good man our country needs more like you in washington ty !
Thank you Senator, Bi-partisanship needs to be encouraged, rewarded and continued. This is how democracy works for EVERYONE. Best wishes
Yeah sending million tax payer $ to ins companies in that agreement. When will you swamp creatures learn we are all sick of it
Now, more than ever, we need bipartisan approaches from our elected officials. We need veto-proof legislation to keep our country on track.
Am proud of bipartisanship attempts. Hope Congress agrees.
Well, too bad trump gonna squash it!
Senate votes to subsidize ins. companies but ignore patriots who can't afford it. Self-serving pols want big donations  SHAME on you all!
Me too!
Unfortunately our Republican friends in the House will mangle this beyond recognition before voting to pass something that doesn't work!
I wonder who is going to take full credit stop saving him he keeps pulling the pin and we put it back in
You are a bright star in the darkest of times
Too bad our President is flip flopping as usual. Please continue to stand up for what is right for  all Americans.
When did this happen? And why would anyone prop up ACA that thing that should never have been law.
Yes. Thank goodness the Democrats are still willing to reach across the aisle after the shameful way the GOP acted from 2008-2016.
Thank you Senator McCain!
Help carry it across the finish line PLEASE!
Yes!!  Hope you can pass this!!!
Senator McCain when will enough be enough for this Congress to do something about this disgrace sitting in the WH.Thx
Oh wait Senator Trump flip flopped again.  Insurance companies don't give enough to his campaigns so now he is not supporting the bill.
Now please help the kids on CHIP
You’re an amazing man. You inspire me to be better & stronger in standing up for what’s right. Thank you. Real American hero.
He inspires us all.
Finally! You've shelved sabotaging America. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for supporting this bipartisan bill.
McCain lied for 8 years. Said Obamacare must me repealed. McCain is a democrat in drag as a republican.Lying causes cancer of the brain too.
Thank you!
#UniversalHealthcare #USCongress #FutureIsNow #JT2020
I wish the person currently occupying the Oval Office could issue a tweet like this. Thank you.
You didn't lift a finger to help. Except to obstruct President Trump.
Amen!Real partnering for the common good of the ppl!Thank u for all that u do to protect our beautiful country &its democracy! God bless
Thank you Senator. This is only possible because you and a couple of other brave Republicans put country over party.
We need to oppose budget because of cuts to everything. Please oppose it and bipartisan would give u double amount for army.
Mcain listen the bipartisan good  deal is reach for Obamacare. But can u please help oppose tax. Please oppose cuts
From the 2 that brought us ESSA.
You should stabilize your voting
It won’t matter. The crazies in the House Freedom caucus will make sure it doesn’t pass irrespective of how many Americans it helps
I really wish you were President!!
Amazing what happens when representatives work together for the betterment of American people!  You get that!  God bless you!
Thank you President McCain, for filling in while our #WhiteHouse is occupied by a #Russian sympathizer. #Resist #RussiaGate #PutinTrump
Sen. McCain, as a SouthTexas conservative, your voting has disappointed me since at least 2008.
Senator McCain: " Thank you".  Take care of yourself. God bless! I am a cancer survivor.
You r a liar and traitor the rudeness u did to Peter. Guess what we know urca traitor and you'll be arrested soon
So, does that mean you didn't call them stupid? Retire sir, you are causing damage due to incompetence most likely beyond your control
It didn't go through "regular order" so once again you're a liar and fraud. Where's the budget markup or the CBO numbers?
I may have disagreed with @SenJohnMcCain sometimes politically but I will always be grateful for your service and commitment to country
Thank you all for coming together, putting aside your differences & trying to do something good for the American people.
Reading the comments here makes me think there r 2 countries here. When did someone become a "traitor" just for working w/fellow countrymen?
health insurance is broken under Obamacare Where is YOUR idea in committee to replace this insane law? Demagogue statement
Until ALL Americans can obtain Affordable Health Care, Congress should be placed on same care that they expect us to use! Make the CHANGES!
Ur word means NOTHING. IT'S AS UNRELIABLE AS YOUR PROMISES TO THE PEOPLE OF ARIZONA.
Your thoughts, Senator, on 45 telling a fallen hero's loved ones "he knew what he signed up for"?
Yeah, you support that but not Repeal and Replace as you promised or should say LIED! You have become Johnny McClown! All respect gone!
You forced your daughter from the conservative couch of Outnumbered, right to the liberal table of The View! U should b ashamed of yourself!
Thank you John, you are loved and respected, you are a true American hero.
Your treatment of Peter Doucy regarding is ? Of your obstructionism was disgusting! His ? Was completely warranted! Truth hurts doesn't it?
Peter Doocy asked good question You hav not been reliable republican Work w President!
Shame won't bring it to the floor. Even if he does and it passes, house won't pass, even if they do Trump will veto.
Peter Doocy was spot on.  Retire now, please. You're no good for the Republican party. RINO #MAGA
And YOU have done nothing but look like a Buffoon all in the name of throwing a tantrum because you lost election & hate our POTUS
Go away
Yes, sir. We really need more Republicans to rediscover how President Eisenhower got amazing things done for all of America.
You are not ever going to help the people your ego is in the way
Thank you for your service to this country and congratulations on winning the Liberty medal. You are a true patriot.
Because the people across the aisle also wants what’s best for our country. Let’s do it quietly and with courage

Just to be clear...McCain was full of shit when he said his opposition to previous repeal attempts were rooted in "regular order". https://twitter.com/SenJohnMcCain/status/920414665041170433 …
Fake news is it, prepared to sweep under the carpet
