But when you give the secrets to the enemy to save your own cowardly sorry ass, what difference does it make, Hillary McCain?
Why bother when so many citizens will be dead due to your support of the horrific HC plan. #herotohorrormccainonhealthcare
Please RETIRE!
@SenJohnMcCain This Bill Hurts Children Like My Zoe. Born Prematurely Through No Fault Of Her Own! She Deserves Protections, Not Uncertainty
What a sweetheart, sending her thoughts and good vibes!I hope it works out for you!
Obamacare raises deductibles & premiums - except for Johnnie Boy & his D.C. Buds - why should they care?  They don't.
I was so impressed with your speech on the floor after you voted NO to trumpcare. What happened? #CassidyGraham is much worse! My matters!
As long as it doesn't hinder free use of internet by common citizens. Don't let a few bad apples ruin the whole bunch.
Don't let Americans die, be bipartisan, improve healthcare, don't repeal, people with pre-existing conditions will die.
The ACA is actually saving the lives of your constituents!
We can't vote for you if we're DEAD!
NO ACA REPEAL!!
NOT ALL OF THEM!!! I CANT AFFORD MY INSURANCE PREMIUM!! ACA IS A DISASTER!!! What planet r u living on???
Please vote no on #CassidyGraham wealthcare bill. Charging more for or denying coverage for pre-existing conditions is a death sentence.
The true issue is #GrahamCassidy bill. Vote no! Healthcare is a right Not a Privilege!
Pedro, listen carefully Germany is calling you Go there and take your friends with you as you leave revoke your citizenship.
Hey Ed, go eat kraut!
Say hello to Merkel for me.
I bet when you come home at night your mother run out from under the porch and bites you on your leg.
VOTE W UR PARTY! UR ENVY OVER  TRUMP'S VICTORY DOES NOT LOOK GOOD ON U. IT LOOKS MEAN & PETTY. SUPPORT OUR REPUBLICAN PRESIDENT.
John, you've shown compassion 2 our transgender troops. Why stop with healthcare? After your HEALTH battle, please vote NO on the GOP Bill.
Electronic warfare could bring down the internet. How will you coordinate  your progressive change movement then? Snail mail? Just sayin'.
PS: I don't agree with everything you say Senator, but I still think you're a treasure. 
Keep foreign influences out of our ELECTIONS!
AZ!  If you get cancer or have a tumor like John McCain your ins costs will rocket. Vote No.
Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence. https://twitter.com/CAP_Health/status/909838219809820672 …
You need to thank Ron Smiley....#Mugu
Plz implore no vote on #CassidyGraham, my mom could die without it, breast cancer. Plz
@SenJohnMcCain the governor of your state is wrong. Do the right thing for your constituents and the country, vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
What about attacks on our healthcare by Republicans and http://Trump.You  will be remembered for doing the right thing if you vote no.
Who cares about Cyberthreats if you allow Obamacare to stand and impoverish the poor and middle class. Nothing left to steal from us anyway.
This is good but you must resist #GrahamCassidy 
Say NO to #GrahamCassidy
That's terrific, but please do not take health insurance from millions. Stick to your principles. Work for real solutions.
John, is it necessary to destroy healthcare for millions of people just so Rs can retaliate against Obama? Please oppose repeal of ACA.
TY for this important support for our troops and defense. Please also continue to defend regular order and our health - NO on #GrahamCassidy
Meanwhile your party proposes to gut medicaid, steal health care from 30 million people and Jack premiums up thusly:
Because someone with metastatic cancer has an extra six figures lying around to pay for their insurance

I agree with my friend @SenJohnMcCain: a sustainable solution to healthcare requires a bipartisan solution & regular order. 
While the orange "leader" remains, sadly you have no real defence....he likely helped Russia do what they did.
Sen.McCain,with all due respect,What would you do at this point in your life without health insurance? Please think about this..your vote?
Please vote no...save our healthcare. Fix what is wrong..work across the aisle.
Please don't support this bill. Please think of what others are going through and how they will pay for it with higher premiums.
John why do you look like a aged raisin
How do you want something to go through "regular order" when the other side (Democrats) won't negotiate? Isn't there a time limit?
Don't really care. Most of us will be dead after you take our health insurance away.
I appreciate all your efforts. Please, please don't let us lose our healthcare. Millions of people need their healthcare.
Because of your health care subsidy, I can't afford mine because I'm paying for yours!! Socialism SUCKS!!!
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy senator. They are not using regular order to pass this killer.
If we don't have our health, the rest is moot. Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. That will help protect us.
I agree with you on this. Pkease. America deserves affordable healthcare. Medical/pharmacy/insurance companies eat us alive.
No deal until you promise to protect vulnerable Americans from Trumpcare. Trumpcare would kill countless Americans, many in Arizona.
Agreed. Is there anything a constituent can do to help? Also, please vote no on healthcare.
I wonder which political party you endorse? You certainly don't back our President much. Voters R keeping track N will remember at election
https://twitter.com/jordanuhl/status/909841524422213633 …. You honorably stood by our nation as a POW and now you are putting party over country. Disappointed in you.
Hey @SenJohnMcCain, just saw you're voting YES on #GrahamCassidy.

What happened to this? 
You are a problem for those of us who support @POTUS . Go get your support on the Dem side, the ones you are happy to take money from

PLEASE don't support the #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill. Vote NO.
Regular order, REPEAL OF ACA, SAME PROTOCOL AS BEFORE...CBO  ? NO HEARINGS? NOT BIPARTISAN..
So about that health "care" plan... I hope you are still a no.
Please DON'T KILL US with ACA repeal, Sen McCain. Please.
Please VOTE NO on this terrible Bill that will hurt many, many American People!
What about the Awan family? Any concerns?
Or  Chelsea??
Think it's more about twisting the dagger Brutus. RETIRE and fade away.
I am just sorry the same can not be said for your vote to protect healthcare for the citizens of Arizona.
Guess you'll be voting single payer pretty soon right senator?
sir, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy! You know its the right thing to do!
Who do u think was behind Equifax breach ? Legislation for credit monitoring at Equifax's expense. All our accounts & identities now at risk
The ACA strengthens Americans ability to deter and respond to attacks by CANCER and other illness. Why do you want to kill Americans?
Please don't take our insurance away. We all have so much too lose.
I'm very concerned about this #CassidyGraham bill. It looks like a horrible deal for Arizona.
I'm not talking to you Senator. You're voting yes on healthcare bill. You don't fix america by hurting the people who have so little.
I can't take anything you say or recommend seriously anymore after your betrayal of @POTUS #Trump & the #FakeTrumpDossier.
#RetireMcCain
Nice please dont take away our ins What if some1 took urs away right after u were diagnosed with a brain tumor.  That's what u r doing 2 us
Hope you are still on board to vote no to disastrous healthcare bill!  Don't forget the American people. Work on a bipartisan bill.
Agreed since this is really a right way of fight against cyberattacks of any enemy for security of country and national interests of it.
Please take health care away from all those nasty poor people!!!  The rich rule!!!  
Please don't make me break up with you. Do not vote for this healthcare. It is not you, Mr McCain. Don't do it. Please
-AZ voter
Better start with trump
Senator, I've got no qualms with you on foreign policy. On health care, however, voting for Graham's bill would be a betrayal. Please do not
Still unsure what these tax dollars are for. Wall, Homeless, Vets, Healthcare, Lowering Taxes, our Military? Nope lets give 5 $ B to Afganis
Yet the Russian agent in the White House is still ok?
You can't vote for Graham Cassidy bill it will destroy pre-existing conditions people will truly suffer, because of your vote!

Has been. Traitor.
SA639 needs a vote now to be part of NDAA 2018
#loneWolf hackers too but what when consumers hacked by #isp like #spectrum ? logged up the arse by #comcast? thats very personal and priva
You care more about your tanks than you do your people. Hell is holding your chair.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
You Clowns Can't FIND Russia in the White House apparently. So I lack confidence it that outcome. Mini Maverick
cool. dont get rid of our insurance please. thanks.
Supposing that the Cassidy-Graham health care bill is really so brilliant, why attempt to sneak it through on a narrow Republican mandate?
Vote no against the Graham Cassidy bill. The bill is an act of terror on Americans.
