U get 5star trtment but most of us hve inferior insurance not accepted at #MayoClinic seniors medicare not accepted on most trtment #Repeal
I would settle for medicare.. my ins sucks.. pays nothing for testing, blood work or prescriptions.. I should go without and would be same
You should have chosen a better plan. Oh wait I forgot Obama took away your free choice and the Insurance co ability to off you one.
Too good for the VA I see
Makes way too much money for VA..
Yeah, I should have became a senator so I could accept payoffs, bribes and big money .. oh wait I respect the constitution to much nevermind
Why didn't you use the VA. I think the rest of the veterans of this country are owed an explanation!
A world Class Hospital off limits to peons relegated to Medicaid Obamacare or Medicare VA .. while you get 5star treatment. #RepealObamacare
Yeah. Congrats. And just think of the taxpayers who can't afford far less because you voted to keep Obamacare alive.
Good to see you're still alive and well after getting utterly destroyed earlier you dickturd.
McCain condemns #Arizona to Obamacare, he is exempt gets subsidy !! My ins not accepted by @mayoclinic Time to retire #deadmanwalking
@MichellAnne - Mayo Clinic accepts a variety of insurances, have you checked?
Are you gloating?
Must be nice to get awesome healcare.. Wish I could have ins that actually paid for testing and prescriptions.
I'm glad you're getting good care.  But I'll  NEVER FORGET YOU TANKING THE REPEAL of OBAMACARE.  be healthy, but please leave politics now
Said the fox to the henhouse
Does your insurance pay for that? What insurance do you have? Can any American get the treatment your getting?
@HenshallHarold @SenJohnMcCain @MayoClinic most companies offer insurance to full time employees.
Too bad mostAmericans are not good enough to be treated there and you are. Don't think they take Ocare.  Selfish
So VA isn't good enough for you
Sickening that you gloat about your healthcare in light of your no-vote on repealing Obamacare!
I wouldnt know- obama care - not very good insurance
Admiring your handy work of Veterans dying waiting for help you POS!
You are a vet, why aren't you using the VA ?? That's right you think you are better than everyone else.
Hmm...can't say the same for the VA in your state. Sad. Very sad. Surely you saw these remarks coming.
Ur lucky u dont have Obamacare like u decided we needed 2 keep. Please retire Enjoy ur great healthcare sellout
I hope that they take good care of you.
Good thing he don't have 2 live with Obamacare like we do.He & his ilk sold us out Retire McCain
Why is it that you have allowed the VA in Phoenix be a total failure and disgrace?  I don't guess you have "Obamacare" do you ? That's SAD
Better hang on to it, thanks to your stupidity, it might be the only place left
Sure, MayoClinic, A World Class Hospital 4Rich & corrupt politicians like u, McCain. Avg citizens w/ O'Care dont dream 2b taken care there
is this where u get to go while some of us have crappy obamacare?? your no better than us and karma is coming to visit u for not fixing ours
How do you sleep at night? You lied to us to get reelected. Time for you to repeal Obamacare and stand with @realDonaldTrump
But not @realdonaldtrump, because he is a whinny 
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/31/insurance-companies-denied-treatment-to-patients-o/ ….    Glad u can get treatment but the people in Arizona don't get the same because you're a crooked evil bitter man
Yet the VA was completely ignored by you.
Is that hospital Obamacare approved? NO, it isn't.Thanks for screwing Americans when you voted no to repeal. You have always been a traitor.
Do the right thing. The Senate should be covered by Obamacare. Mayo Clinic??
We the people don't have the privilege of using the MAYO clinic as you do! But that is not your worry! Senator Johnson is right!
McCain selfish with no vote Enjoy #TOP ranked Mayo Clinic while others suffer Shame on you McCain jealous of Trump bc American PPL wanted hm
Must be nice to have great healthcare to cover this while the rest of the country has shit healthcare. Thanks a lot you bum.
Glad you have health insurance
Nice that you can go there, but those of us on O-care cannot.
Its too bad that people with obamacare cant go to the same hospitals as u and ur communist sellouts can!
what if at the last second the doctor decided not to repeal the tumor?
You're getting treatment on our dime. I wish my late husband could've had the care U get. He'd b alive today.
Good thing you don't have Obamacare, but then again you should so you wouldn't be able to go there. Live and die like we have to.
Why aren't you at the VA hospital?

Did you have 2 wait 6 mons to see specialist? 
Do you have 2 wait 2hrs in waiting room to see Dr. for only 15 mins?
Too bad the rest of America can't have Superior Healthcare!
Btw - how much do you pay for coverage POS!  St Joes is more our speed, if the people could afford coverage.  Please step aside!

Yeah, good luck getting that on Obamacare you liar.
Our local Hospital clams they are in the top 20. Fake News. I trust the Mayo Clinic though. I wish my wife could be treated there so bad
How dare you brag about your great health care when we go without.
You enjoy that treatment while the rest of us don't have or can't use healthcare .Thanks to you we still will pay the penalty each year
You have better healthcare than I then. Congrats!
Isn't that nice, I can't afford insurance, do you mind footing the bill?
Funny. If I went here after an accident, I'd be bankrupt on my work's plan. Make just too much 4 Obamacare 2. Thanks for nothing, senator!
Great health care for all AMERICANS!  Get Well take over the Presidency, Democrats will onboard find a loophole!!!
The doctors and surgeons at Mayo in AZ saved my kidney and possibly my life. You're in good hands, Senator. Praying for you.
Praying every day for you, Senator McCain .
Do they take ObamaCare? Any of their Doctors there? Hmmm..NO!
Hope your feeling better about betraying us Arizonians in regards to repealing ObamaCare.
Traitor
Too bad their deductibles are unaffordable to damned near everyone except a senator
Is this just because ole John went there? Instead of a VA Hospital?
McCain just another turd waiting for the inevitable toilet to flush him into the sewer, Tic toc tic toc
Think my obamacare insurance would let me go there? (hint, no)
So why would they want to treat a TRAITOR,like u,POS
obamacare makes this type of care unattainable for almost everyone.   and why doesn't the VA provide this quality of care?
Why can't our veterans be treated at Mayo Clinic but you can? 200K veterans have died waiting for care but not you.
Just no way to afford the deductible OH WAIT you don't have to worry about that do you?
I hope you use Obama Care. Oops my bad you are exempt from OCARE. Benedict Arnold sticks it to America again! Thanks John Traitor
You should be on Obamacare instead of the cushy elitist version of health care you have.
But question is Is it possible for normal people like me to afford treatment in such world class hospital specially when Trump is Prez.
Hypocrite!
The nerve. While we deal with forced Medicare that won't get us to Mayo, the lawmakers plan gets them in, paid by us. Cheers.
Must be nice to have regular health insurance
Stop gloating....we can't get that treatment.  Repeal & Replace.
Sending you good wishes Senator.
Shouldn't you be at the VA!
As a former Minnesotan very proud of Mayo. Rest of country could learn from MN's top notch healthcare delivery system.
Please stop tweeting. No one wants your input. You made your point with health care, yucking w/Dems, you bitter, small man. Go away.
You actually tweeted this? Like bragging about your 5star coverage? How about you use the VA clinic like Vets. #RINO #RecallMcCain
And congrats to @SenJohnMcCain for voting to keep the abortion factory PP open for business ! #tool
My mother in law receives phenomenal care there for Brain Cancer!!!!
The wait times the to get in are ridiculous!
What about your local Veterans Affairs hostpial? Anything to say? Vietnam Veteran... My dad goes the VA... He's a Vietnam Door Gunner vet.
I'm sure you can afford to go there. What  about all the people you screwed,  but your use to that, now aren't you.
@SenJohnMcCain You Should Be Using #Obamacare #obsmacaresucks
You better thank God you don't have Obamacare! Get healed & come back & make GOOD healthcare for other Americans. 
How dare your brag about your care while we go without insurance?
Health Care should B a right,no reason to be ransomed for good health care,lose everything you worked for all your life,take out the profits
Don't get that kind of care on the ACA John, thanks alot, what ever you get you deserve, in the end all of that won't help you a bit
It's where the elite get to go... good for you!!
Aren't you glad you do not have to live under Obamacare you rich politician who does not live under the same laws as the rest
You are the epitome of an old, greedy, lying politician. I'm waiting.
All of our best wishes for your full and swift recovery.
Do they take obamacare?
My insurance is worthless.  You?

Glad you have the Cadillac of healthcare.
Make sure u pass universal HCare so u r not the privileged few that get such great care
@MayoClinic will not accept Vets with "Choice" due to low VA payments & long wait times receiving pay. I lost Mayo care because of this!
As a vet I tried to go there. I was refused service because they don't accept the Choice Card program. Most Vets want know how good it is!
The best thing for the country, McCain, is for you to resign so there is one less swamp creature in DC.
I also congratulate @MayoClinic to which I am a subscriber. Very good useful information and tips .
Keep fighting!  Hope you are feeling better!
Glad you appreciate your 5 star health care. Too bad you took it upon your bloated ego to deny the common man his care.
How nice you have insurance they will accept. Millions of us don't.
Shame the rest of us with Obamacare don't get the best like you MCCain hypocrite liar!
How many citizens under Obamacare get to go to the Mayo clinic?
All Americans should get the great care that you're receiving without going bankrupt. Don't you agree @SenJohnMcCain ?
Well, that's good news...bodes well for your great treatment,  quick recovery and you're getting back to Senate oversight!!
you need to be on Obamacare like the rest of us..............
Tell them you're losing you subsidy. Now tell them to let you die so America can be saved from the likes of you
Please do what it takes to sustain ACA. You are a positive example to all.
Must be nice!! Working people can't use our medical insurance. Please retire already!
Damn fortunate you font have your ass on Obamacare, but I guess it's ok for your constituency!!
When will the people of Arizona learn what McCain stands for. His own self interest and screw the voters.
Neither one of you seem to be embarrassed that most of the population don't have access to the clinic because of people like John McCain
Rubbing our faces in it Johnny boy? Ruling class gets five-star treatment. The rest of you can eat cake.
While people in Arizona are suffering under Obamacare, you are blockingThe repeal of it what a jerk.
I hope other republicans can act like you.
How about we improve Obamacare so all can have access to great healthcare?
Why didn't you lead by example and use the VA hospital or Obamacare that you saved? You're a traitor and coward!
Why are you not at the V.A.??????
mccain, you are not fooling anyone. Get on with the real issues. Don't play for the other team.
Wish regular folks could enjoy such care.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great another hospital making billions while we can't afford healthcare insurance. I'm glad I did not vote for you. A Democrat was better
Wishing you all the best, on your treatment, Sir!... God bless!
You seem to stay away from the AZ border areas.  Can you explain why?
Nice way to lead by example.   Meanwhile Our true war heros have to go to that dump of The VA in PHX. Can you plz explain why ?
tic tock
You should use the VA in downtown PHX like the rest of our VETS.
Hope they're taking great care of my favorite patient.
MayoClinic dont accept ObamaCare. U r treated there bc u got exemption & taxpayers help pay subsidies while AZians got screwed. SHAME ON U.
Put mccain on obamacare, just like other americans
Yes.  I do hope you get what you need there & return to work.
Saudi's go there, as well.
Do you suppose Sharon Helman goes there, too?
Wish that they could fix me :(
Feel well...
Prayers to a true warrior!  You lead and inspire!!  God Bless you!
Stop kissing ass! Arizona is not going to validate you candidacy for senate! 
That's great if you have the money or good insurance.
The only way they can help you is if they could give you a brain transplant!
Too bad every American doesn't get the same opportunities as you, Senator. Glad you're getting the best treatment US taxpayers can afford.
@SenJohnMcCain it's great you get to use it! But the people of Arizona don't have healthcare or if they do it's expensive! Thanks
Get well so you can enjoy your family!
gr8t #infoupdate Does @MayoClinic Phoenix take insurance, are they 4 repeal from #ACA ? As a senator 24/7 tell us, ur constituents, whatssup
public goods!
and you get well.
please
Hugs to you Senator.
AWESOME!!!  maybe it is TIME TO RETIRE SENATOR... time to enjoy the wilderness, family, life, etc      just a thought

Your city is doing it right man! @HEELZiggler
Is that a like ur doctor keep ur doctor hospital
What are the people of your state going to do abt insurance when Obma Care crashes and burns?
You'll get great care!  Our best wishes to you.
Oh, the irony.
Why don't you use the VA senator!
And your insurance is paying for it wow
That's great, unfortunatly a lot of Americans won't be able to go to a hospital unless we tackle heath care. Trump is creating chaos!
I hope u had a come to jesus moment senator and truly understand how vital health care is for all Americans
Mayo is for The Elite who has insurance never forget healthcare is a human right
My uncle.. General Don Owens was treated there as well. Wishing you good health sir.
You must have good health insurance
I didn't know Ocare was taken there o wait u don't have because u know it's shit
Prayers coming your way!
Many cant afford the insurance needed to be treated there. So, for those, this accolade is totally meaningless.
Thanks for Voting No on TrumpCARE. Now, Go take care of yourself!
But do they accept Obamacare insurance from Obamacare insurers?  The #1 hospital here in MS does not.
Get well soon, @SenJohnMcCain!

....that doesn't take OCare bronze plan.
Retire you out of touch old fool.

May healing be yours Sir
My family is praying they help keep you around a while longer, you've survived worse ordeals
Your hypocrisy is astounding.  All hail the DC Royalty - the Elitists who put themselves before ordinary Americans.
?? The AHA would’ve left 32 million uninsured, cost 20% more over the ACA and increase the federal deficit by $321 billion - CBO
