As I am Cambodian people please help us free #KemSokha
Forget it. We are not sending troops to SE Asia.
Hey John, stay focused on America.
Cambodia? Very good at telling of others problems, while screwing Americans out of HealthCare. You have HC, lots of others don't. U hurt us
@SenJohnMcCain authoritarianism is somewhat more expected is less developed democracies.  What excuse do we have? #GOP #NotMyPresident
Hebrews 9:12
Not with the #blood of #goats and #calves, but with His own #blood He entered the Most #Holy Place once [1/2]
for all, having obtained eternal #redemption. [2/2]
John 1:14
And the #Word became #flesh and #dwelt among us, and we beheld His #glory, the #glory as of the only #begotten of [1/2]
The same is happening in Bangladesh; I hope you speak up soon.
Yet you use your one frigging vote to not only screw us, but your party. BTW, you know the war is over right and today is a new day

Thanks for that thoughtful insite
you've been a bad boy
No such thing as democratic leaders in SE Asia- ASSK in Myanmar prime example, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam ... Same same, but same.
This would be good time for another McCain-Kerry joint letter to Hun Sen. It has had impact in the past. He respects you. Might listen.
Cambodia ? We got to get used to it , Senator ! Perhaps they practices a different kinda Democracy! Modified version!
America might be heading that way too ! If you don't like the rules , change it ! Lol
Change the rules to something that suits you , that you are comfortable with ! Something that makes your life easier,
get things done  your way faster , less hassle , less opposition .. smoother ! Plain sailing , you get the drift ! John !
Please help sir ! We need your help Cambodia 
Most of us Americans have no idea what a real authoritarianism really is. Keep us all informed.
How about lying, hypocritical senators that put personal vendettas ahead of American interests? Is that unacceptable repression too?
Thank you Sir, please help to release immediately @kemsokhacnrp . #Cambodian people need USA's help.
I can think of a few ppl here n the United States that should b arrested  4Treason, and 4more serious bs than this guy
McStain, do the right thing and "just fade away".
John instead of worrying about the leaders of Cambodia how about supporting the President and help him where ever you can.
Under whose admin did these crimes take place?  you do realize he's being accused of collaborating with Obama admin Msm silent on that
Then help us stop it from happening HERE!No more talk, we need action. Trump is destroying us... we need R's to act, history won't be kind!
seriously where are we at on that whole living on Mars thing? the entire world has lost their collective minds!
And the younger generation can't grasp this.. history, our history needs to be retold! History will repeat itself if we are not aware!
Mr McCain, democracy can't always work is parts of Asia.
Why the United States is abandoning Cambodia in mid-stream in its struggle for democracy?  President Trump should do or say something.
We need to resist everywhere!! America and the world needs to be vigilante!
Are they going after his emails?
Change parties× gop doesnt appreciate u. Kindest regards
Need to stop Hun Sen!!! the citizens know it is corrupt!
Great what about America, 8 years Obama care still around, 30 years no immigration law, tax reform debt,I don't give a crap about Cambodia
Other countries recognize treason and corruption, wonder why we don't
How about our own Congress?
Reading the comments. Get it yet @SenJohnMcCain ?
Is it easier to meddle in the affairs of other countries, where nobody listens, than to make a legislative difference in your own?
oh ?
just wake up?
He. Was. A. Member. Of. The. Khmer. Rouge.
Take a nap John!
How about the alarming growth of authoritarianism here in the US??
Thanks for caring about the Democratic change in other part of the world where million of people thirst  for a portion of freedom in the USA
Please retire sir!!
Why I feel Drumpf is trying to create authoritarian regime here by refusing to work with congress and ridicules legal system. Mental!!
The irony
WTF does this have to do with anything?   NOKO, DACA, Tax Reform, HealthCare - try those topics John.   OOH - but you may have to work then.
It's  something that could happen in America if we don't stand our ground
The unacceptable repression by republican leaders in America underscores the alarming growth of authoritarianism. #daca
Good. Why don't you go there and to Burma and stay until straightened out.
Its alarming in the U.S. too.  IMPEACH TRUMP!
If you insist on being there try to focus and get some concrete results.  Tweeting Wikipedia results is not effective or productive.
1 vote John. Go away please
NATION BUILDING?? AGAIN? AND AGAIN?
Senator, with all due respect, I'm alarmed by it's rise here
Is not that what you are?
The U.S. Is following the same path.
US needs a POTUS who shares your opinion, Senator. Step up & impeach that prick.
thats a gender neautral human hahha
Worry about Americans for a change
Isn't that what Trump wants to do to Hillary Clinton?
Senator, with all do respect, we have to fix our own problems before butting into more abroad.
This may become the US under Trump.
It'd be great if you'd quit worrying about every other nation but your own.
Maybe start worrying about Americans instead of other countries
Blah blah blah....you are the poster child for term limits.
Stay focused John.
Don't forget your continued aiding the democrat party which seeks a socialist authoritarian objective.
Your stuck back in time. Focus on the forgotten here in America
This is because you backed @BarackObama. Weak and not democratic.
This is what happens when you concede power to crazy people @realDonaldTrump gives license to all sorts of ill Rs are guilty in his rise
Dear Sir take out mirror look at the mirror.
None of your business traitor McCain. Nor is Trump endind Obama's legal DACA.
There just like the US right now
Protect America from the same fate.   Impeach trump
Retire,enjoy your grand kids.
Maybe you should worry about US citizens and tax reform before continuing your nation building
JOHN.MCCAIN IS A CLOSET DEMOCRAT.HE'S A DISGRACE. TIME FOR THE DINOSAUR TO GO FISHING AND RETIRE.HE'S NOTHING BUT AN OBSTRUCTIONIST. SAD
Hey Senator, perhaps you should take a closer look at the alarming growth of authoritarianism in the United States?
Treason is a subject you're very familiar with, right McCain?  Let us see the records, songbird. #NeverAnAdmiral
http://veteranstoday.com/2015/07/20/tru …
It's a world-wide threat, starting in the United States under this administration!
U can see combodia but can't utter a single word on Burma and genocide of Rohinga Muslims there- Pathetic
Yea, here too. Address: 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. Believe the resident's name is President As*hole
How does he forget Arizona so fast?
So does your boy in the White House   Why don't you worry about this country first.
Hell with Cambodia John. How about right here in the ole USof A. ???
Pay attention to the authoritarianism we have in the White House that promotes white males only.
Please block Sam Clovis.
Here we go again...
@MeghanMcCain u gotta bring him back home.
Mr McCain please help us I'm scared angry n just waiting for this rubber-ban to busti don't understand where our America is at n going
Question is, what are you going to do about it @SenJohnMcCain
Would wish your eyes were as open to our own WH.
You're SWAMP!  Tried for treason!!!!
Ur party gave us this wreck John, stop looking outward and fix the oligarchy here at home. U pretend to care but no meaningful action Help!
Accurate observation Senator-sadly that plague has hit our home front as well: heaven help us all - Democracy needs some fiery leadership!!
