The swamp members united.
The man is a war hero, for God’s sake. A little respect, please.
Don’t expect Putin bots to have respect for American heroes
And by the way. McCain is involved in getting $ from Soros to frame Trump. Russia story has been cleared a while ago. Catch up!
Really? Prove it.
Just like HRC's transactions ... expunged! Dirtiest corrupt politics ever seen in this country.
Didn't and probably won't happen. Right? That's how your team does it. Even kills people to hide wrongdoing.
You poor ignorant soul.
Democrats love you now.  Wonder why.
Because he fought for this country and was willing to give his life.  You Sabrina done anything? I see Your a supporter of 5x deferment Don
Sad what has happened to this man. His anger against Trump will ruin his final year. Swamp sucked the character out of our Senator.
Roger what have you done for America
Your welcome
Did you say ass cheeks? Or ash heap?
PEARL HARBOR 2 American BATTLESHIP   DEVELUPING 
USSARIZONA. JFKWHP KN 1941.1924.1938  REAGAN 
Sen John mccain  Joe Biden 
Mike Pence Rextiilrson 
Sean spicer  Trump  #USSReagan 
Wakup Democrats!
US Emabyys 
Youp Partyhas Turned Commonist   Army Airforce Marine Navy
McCain well known as 'Songbird' Hanoi
A Traitor pardoned by President Nixon
No Hero
Grandfather & father military reputation got him elected
CONGRATULATIONS @SenJohnMcCain 
You definitely deserve this 2017 #LibertyMedal for so many reasons.
#1 POW #2 Saved Healthcare
Yea all you left wingers give me something ,destroying 175 million other people's health care for 9 million people!!!!
Disturbing
How fitting presented by Biden. You can go home now...and stay there.
Not standing on a platform to make you look taller? Lincoln caucus friends always said you were a mean, short tempered angry man. I believe them
Бля, в пиндосии галоперидола нет? Уколите же сенатора! Жалко животное!
From one Democrat to the other. Always telling each other how great they are. Bloated government of self indulgence 
Undeserved award to opportunist and obstructionist. Shame!
I am a Vietnam War vet and I believe you deserve all honors much respect  sir
You deserve this Award and more! God Bless you ♡
Sick, I bet the Hag was your mentor too..  RINO.  Did she split any of her ill gotten loot with you like she did with Odumbo? RINO.
PEARL HARBOR 2 American US Emabyys  #USSReagan  
Wakup Democrats! 
US Emabyys 
Youp Partyhas Turned Commonist 
Sen John mccain.   Joe Biden 
Mike Pence  Rextiilrson Trump 
Sean spicer  USS. ARIZONA   HAWAI 
Navy  1941  1924  1938  BB-P39 Army Airforce Marine Navy Bring Him Back
Biden and McCain..lol... He Globalist John, it is NO COUNTRIES JOB  to remake the world. God complex much?
Please switch party's
Congratulations Mr. McCain. Take good care of yourself. 
So well deserved!  Very moving!
Well deserved@SenJohnMcCain . A true hero and an American patriot
Congratulations and thank you for speaking up and calling out obviously dangerous policies. You're a true patriot.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened. -Billy Graham
Thank you beautiful!
Congratulations war hero and so much more!!!
No more career politicians #TermLimits you've had your chance move on this is not what the founding fathers wanted
You have certainly earned it, Sir. Congratulations!
Make him tote your luggage
Nxt u will get a mdl 4 being a traitor 2x in ur lifetime.Once n Vtnam& once 4 for running repub   & voted with the Dems.Adios Traitor John
Wow
@SenJohnMcCain did you get around to changing your party affiliation yet? #fraud
We  you. #truth
Well deserved Mr McCain, u r not only a war hero u r a common sense hero in today’s politics. Thank you 4 being  a rational person.. THANKS
@PressSec John McCain & Joe Biden...friends politically & ideologically. Benedict Arnold was a general in Continental Army before defecting.
Congratulations, Mr Senator! Thank you very much for all you did for world stability and peace!
AN AWARD DOES NOT ATONE FOR YOUR LIES AND BROKEN PROMISES.
Bogus reward from a PEDOPHILE
You are a traitor to your country and also tothe republican party!! Along with Arizona.

Thank you Senator McCain, for literally giving your whole life for your country. God bless you and return your health to you soon! 
You are one man. But, I know many in our history who made change. Gandhi, Rosa Parks, Martin LutherKing, Jesus,mother Theresa and many more.
John, in these pictures you look great.
You so deserve the honor John !! Thank you is just not enough .... Remission is what your family deserves With from my Family to yours
#JohnMcCain is my hero
You should be deeply ashamed.
Well done, Senator!  Congrats on your award.  God Bless you & yours! Thank you for your decades of service to our great country!

What the hell would John McCain know about humility?
u deserve it, Sen. McCain! You are truly to be admired for your strength & perseverance! God Bless
I DON'T THINK HUMBLE IS IN YOUR ACT. BETRAY IS. YOU WORK FOR THE GLOBALIST.TRAITOR.

Congratulations. Thank you for your service & your voice.
Yea from your dear friend Joe biden ,you are really a dam Rino change parties so everybody knows who the hell you are!!!!
Thank you for your honorable service to this country!!
Well deserved, Senator!
#thankyouforyourservice #Hero
Congratulations Senator McCain. It is a well deserved honor. Thank You for all that you do.
Congratulations!! An Honor well deserved!
The man upstairs is watching John: Tick Tock : Tick Tock !
You deserve it Senator.
The Democrats are obviously overjoyed that you have joined their party.
Thank you Senator @SenJohnMcCain.  We need your strength and courage in these dark, dark times.
Senator McCain will be remembered as the great American statesman he is.  This will be his finest hour.
Thank you for your lifetime service to our great country Senator @SenJohnMcCain.
How much longer ??
All Liberals seem to be your Friends
Thank you for your Peace Time  and War Time service to the US, sir.  And thanks for having the backbone and balls to call out Trump!
We love you Sen McCain hang in there help is on the way Doctors treat the symptoms but God does the healing.
Democrats do love their medals McShame
Thank you for speaking up for what is right.

Yes put that right next to your "I FAILED TO WIN THE PRESIDENCY" award. To bad you brought Sarah Palin down with you.
So thankful for some leaders with integrity to look up to. frump is alienating Americans, making us angrier and more embarrassed each day.
Thank you Senator, don't let President Puff n Stuff bait you, You rock! You represent my father, my grandfather, and soon to be enlisted son
Congratulations Sen. McCain.
Just wondering...does this mean you will do the right? Will you retire in honor?
Traitor!!!
Your dear friend Biden! Really? Done nothing to help this administration support the voters wishes-Soros paid sabotage-despicable RINO-LIAR!
Well deserved Senator! Thank you for years of service from the Democrat.
I'm a DEM too, but I vote for the best candidate for POTUS!
As do I.
Alright! I love finding new people to follow
Screw you clown..you’re an enemy of America with Satan’s hand puppeting your lying jowls. #nevertrumpasshat
Congratulation Senator
I'm so proud of your Service to America,thanks for all you have done, Congratulations ,Your Speech will go down in History as 1 of the best
Thank you Senator McCain for all you have done for this country & for what you continue to do. You are a true hero in so many ways.
so deserving
Well deserved. Thank you 4 everything John McCain
Most of us Vets are deeply troubled by your interaction with a social-progressive Joe Biden who is a would-be dictator to carry Obama Water
God bless you sir
Congratulations 

Greatly deserved.

Love @joebiden!!
You are my hero!!!
thank you for your service Senator!
Congratulation
ROFL, John McCain given a medal for liberty by Biden... one shut down conservative reporters and spied on a rival party, the other sold out
RETIRE
So are we! Thank you Senator
LOSER, Songbird !!
My hero you deserve it
American people know you, Biden et al Progressive Marxist Democrats do not support individual liberty & freedom... you want to take it away.
You humble? You arrogant Songbird-You've only deserved prison for treason-Voted to not open Vietnam files on POW's-So truth didn't come out!
Well deserved Senator McCain!   
Much respect to you, @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you.
What a JOKE!!! John, your life has been nothing but a history joke of screw-ups; graduated & pilot because of Admiral lineage, to bad votes
Congratulations and thank you, Sir.
Thank you for your speech.
Be blessed.
Well deserved, Senator McCain, well deserved.
Yuk
Retire!
Our society is the better for your service.
Sad to see that your hatred for @POTUS overshadowed the award You should be ashamed of your comments Be part of the solution not the problem
You saved/ kept ACA (Obamacare) from being repealed. The Democrats found a “suitable” way to repay you?
Well deserved!!  Congratulations
Congratulations. Well deserved. Thank you. 
So Trump just threatened you a honorable military man who served his country for his adult life ...yet kneeling for a flag is disrespectful
Ppl who say bad things about J McCain has hate in their soul.These ppl don’t love them self because there is no love in their heart.
Politics was a whole lot better when two partisans could fight like hell and still remain friends.  Miss those times.
Coming from a forever Democrat, you are Awesome Senator McCain!!    #CountryDuty
You deserve it! 
Been there, done that, got his medal, now he should retire & get the hell out of the way. Stop obstructing because he got his feelings hurt.
Congrats.  You deserve it.
Only senator with balls to take on the evil of President coward trump
Drain the swamp!  You turn your back on the POTUS! Shame
Wondeful speech...God bless
Thank you for your great speech, for reminding the country of truth and patriotism. Bless you for your words, service and fighting spirit.
Congratulations, Sir! You deserve this medal & ALL our live, respect & prayers. God bless you & your family, glad you’re my rep!
#bewell
A national treasure. A true Patriot. Congratulations Sir.
You deserve it, sir. We are all so proud of you, dear brave and honest man.
Am I the only one who thinks this speech was disgraceful?
Sir, You deserve it!
It was good to see @SenJohnMcCain  here in Philadelphia yesterday.  Fine speech Well deserved Liberty Medal.  Let freedom ring.
Thank you John McCain. You are a true patriot.  America needs more like you!
Not so humble you continue to openly undermine your CINC and sabotage @GOP majority. Retire already. #DrainTheSwamp
Congratulations, Sen. McCain. Very well deserved. Your leadership is a shining light!!!!!
Thank you, for your service to the country.
John McCain hasn't seen a war he didn't like.
Congratulations senator John McCain you are a true hero
Disgrace to America and GOP. Go away. Take ur daughter too. MAGA  watch it happen!!
You don't deserve it.
Well deserved sir!
PFT ... RETIRE... 

We will make sure your in our HISTORY books ... RETIRE TRAITOR!!

You deserve it! Thank you for standing up for Democracy & our Constitution! #RealLeadership
McCain will not die w the legacy he expects as the truth is finally coming out. Trump was right as usual.
Congrats !!!! Well deserve we are proud of you. Thank you so much for your service.God bless you.
McCain w Obama, Hillary, Feinstein funded, trained and weaponized ISIS. RESPONSIBLE 4 MILLIONS DEATHS AND MASS EXODUS INTO EUROPE.
Sir you make Americans PROUD for life time service to our country
McCain is a Globalist pretending to b a Republican. If u look at bills he sponsered u would be sick.
McCain testified that there were no more of our guys left in Nam when in fact there were. So they just got left there. They couldnt testify
McCain came home from Nam fat and healthy. Other POWS were emaciated. Then he divorced his wife who was disfigured in accident.
McCain was a hot shot punk. Wrecked 5 jets. They think 1 of his own wingman shot him down. Dad & Grandad Admirals kept bailing him out .
Thank you for your service and continued service ♡  More (Republican) men should follow by your example,  as you're a hero on many levels.
I think you deserve it. Thank you for being a great American
Having Pedophile Biden as a dear friend speaks volumes. Am sick of McCain getting away w pretending to b a hero. Research him. He's Not!!!!!
Congratulations, Senator! A well deserved award.
Of course you're happy to receive  an award from another Liberal buddy. Please resign before you completely wreck America!!!
McCain caused our POWs to be left behind in Nam. He was known as "Songbird McCain" Caused many deaths. Nixon pardoned as hisDad was Admiral.
Thank you for your continued patriotism and service to the country.
You deserve it John! You lost me when you ran with Palin..... but I believe the maverick when he acts like one. Thank you Sen. McCain!
People need to research McCain and see who he REALLY IS!! He blew up USS Forestal showing off. Killed/mained 100s.
Sen. McCain - We have often disagreed on politics, but there is no one in the world for whom I have more respect for his integrity & values
A great speech from a great man.  Thank you, Sir, for your life's work and your continued commitment  to an ethical and moral compass.
You so deserve it, sir. Thank you for your service.
Congratulations Senator McCain !  Well deserved! Much respect to you Sir!
Although I'm not a Republican, I appreciate all you've done for this country and thank you for your service.  You deserve the honor.
We thank you for your service to this country, your character and your decency.
Thank you for your service to our country and Constitution. For always fighting the good fight and being a good and honorable man. Thank you
No one deserves this award more than you Sir! Thanks for all you’ve sacrificed 
And what did Joe Biden know about 2014's failed assassination attempt on Obama by NCIS agent (and CIA) Doug Boyce?
