Step away from yet another microphone-all we've been hearing from you is 'talk' - time to actually 'work'...
can't become a veteran without quality education and you sold your vote to devos
most private schools have teachers that do not have a teaching credential.
choice or vouchers? All vouchers do is destroy the most vulnerable, basically the @GOP finishing move.

liberals need to get over their candidate losing
conservatives need to realize they are on the wrong side of history.
You should just sit down and shut up
As a veteran I don't want to hear any of your bull.
what about #russiagate
McCain needs to go. Career politicians don't represent the people.
My choice would be for you to resign
Going to talk about more war? That you have created be sponsoring the enemy. Good luck clown
Dude, whr's my state? Town Halls for AZ. We arent crazy, lazy liberals. Yur constituents. U work for US!
what about Trumps Russian Connections? Are you complicit too?
There will be no choices for them to make if Putin's #PresidentBanon & @realDonaldTrump go unchecked.
VA system is not recoverable. Give them the same health care you have. Or is divide & conquer the only choice
Why don't you start by supporting our President. I'm ashamed of you and Lindsey Graham!
I guess the have something on you too. I thought we can count on you. I guess not.
traitor to vets
You need to quote our President's plan for this, NOT your own. You lost, John, Trump won. Get over it!!!
Speaking doesn't work. Let's see Action!!
thought you and @LindseyGrahamSC were going to lead the charge to do the right thing re:Russia disappointing
How can the @AmericanLegion allow this TRAITOR to America speak!?!  
I'm SHOCKED!
@JohnDWilmore @AmericanLegion Good job Senator. Now go after Trumps  taxes and Russian ties to Trump. We need the truth!
you have had 30 years to fix it and I live in AZ, you haven't done one fricking thing to help our soldiers
And where is a Town Hall mtg in AZ for Arizona's? Anyone? Oh....listen....crickets! Smh
tired of trashing our country abroad?
you don't care about us vets. How do you feel about term limits?
Start with getting rid of all Obama Appointees!!! Allow to go to private hospital if emergency/over 30 days!!
So far McCain, you have done a bad job with the VA's....why if you care so much.
I go to the American legion every day. Never seen john McCain there. Seen him at the ritz carlton though
and begging for campaign donations from Russia?
you are way past serving citizens, only interested in serving yourself
Begin by getting rid of Pres who thinks soldiers are lazy & incompetent. Come on, Sen take a stand
Thank you!  Don't let Congress cut our funding. We're tired of them saying they support us when they don't.
I sincerely hope you make a difference. My husband died due to lack of continuity of care & sick while black.
Enough w/ the HUGE military budgets already! Let's spend money more wisely and maybe avoid foreign conflicts
onwards Senator! Trump has no respect for our military heroes.  REMIND him!!!
Trumps handling that. I don't remember electing you President.
russian ties!!!
nobody wants to hear your deceit
Honestly, aren't you concerned about Donald Trump alleged involvement in Russian oligarchs money laundering?
looks like you've dropped the ball on Russia, McCain, get some sack and do your job!  Investigate the prez!
Traitor!!

Here's @SecShulkin's 10-point plan for reforming VA #WashConf2017 
nobody cares what you have to say your washed up a bitter person that is the face of term limits
only talking tough to make the left think he's doing something. All others know it's just hot air. #retire
cool are you gonna explain how you sold out your country and haven't done anything in 20 years? Or maybe not?
Good Tuesday Morning Sen.John.McCain
When are you going to admit you are a TRAITOR? Please retire. 
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=ZuxkHkW77DA …
No privacition of the VA
you didn't do nothing and 30 years you can't suck up the glory now you democrat
why you have never helped the vets before. You people take pay raises and vote against them for vets.
I like my Va don't screw with it
are you dealing with Saudi Arabia if so, why and how long. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10158321295105385&id=708660384 …
#mccaininstitute #PedoGate #TheFinders
WHY DID YOU HAVE A SECRET TRIP TO SYRIA MCCAIN??? WHY DO YOU STILL PRETEND TO BE A REPUBLICAN??? 
McCain is dashing any hope of a legacy by his RINO activities.  He is becoming infamous.
Vets voted for Trump & expect your backing to get our agenda accomplished. We don't need a Dem sympathizer.
McCain gone next election. Watch.
please vote for term limits
why did you vote against releasing dt's taxes?
Do everyone a favor and call in sick for the rest of your career.
Just Shutup
great then get Trump to post his taxes and investigate this RUSSIAN ISSUE
you've had your time. Not to mention it's been an absolute mess the past 8 yrs, what have you done? Nothing
Where have you been over the past decades.? You just never seem to succeed. 894/899
u should speak about ur retirement
you are part of the Washington swamp. #TermLimits
By "choice" I assume you mean removing benefits.
Retire and give your seat to a real hero, not a victim!
you should resign
Stop criticizing our Pres. @realDonaldTrump If UR going to act like a Dem we'll vote 1 in your AZ senate seat
More bullshit from you, in 8 yrs, done nothing for the vets, but the same talk. f.y.
Where were you during Obama's Presidency with your big mouth?
A joke. You vote against vets benefits every chance u get.
all U do is talk talk you never get anything done,and you not backing Trump tells me I WILL NOT VOTE FOR U
VA Choice Program is Broke! Make it leagel to use VA an Medicare for outside Dr's an hospitals.
you've had yrs to fix. You reap benefits in D.C., while cut those of veterans. It's really quite shameful
FYI John-boy, you don't represent me.. You don't stand 4 real principles just political; UR NOT @POTUS
it's really sad that I voted for u cause Ann was worse than u,to bad we Arizona ppl didn't have some one else
I think you've essentially lost that honor/privilege.
term limits!!!!
What about the investigation into POTUS and Russia?We need to know what happened and what his connections are
Choice is code for "not our problem." You've had years to make change and haven't. Don't just speak... do.
Close Down VA and Combine it with The Public Hospitals!!!
something needs to be done about the suicide rate among our veterans. They need more mental health care!
you've been in since the 80's -- obviously you haven't been doing much! 
@AmericanLegion
I hope you're not going to advocate for a Privatization of the VA System It will do more harm than good.
Do your job! Investigate Russian ties to 45! #resist
haven't you been there for 30 plus years ?
,,,  ,    ,
Is that paid for by your Saudi friends or your handler Soros?
Not trying to be smart, however, it's about time you stood up for our dying vets. Lip service doesn't work.
why? You traitor! We know the truth about your deal in Vietnam. Resign! @AmericanLegion
@foxandfriends @AmericanLegion @SenJohnMcCain @SenBobCorker @DesJarlaisTN04 take a vet to the President's Address tonight!
Gee, you couldn't do that 20 years ago?

Doesn't mitigate the fact that you voted for DeVos.
Cosponsor and support S.66, you have supported it in the past, what has changed?
#trumprussia #doyourjob
@loudobbs @seanhannity 
Where wer u McCain, as AZ became ground zero 4 major VA abuses? U did nothing.
Finally, you have adopted a platform that Americans can get behind. Give you a nod to that John.
why don't you start with medical marijuana for veterans. If it's good enough for the state of Arizona
Thank you for your service, sir.
I hope "choice" is not code for more expense and less care. Please protect veterans!
oh boy, can't they at least get universal healthcare and just close all the VA hospitals?
the republicans should change the motto to, Handing Out Choice. Choice, Choice, Choice but we ain't got no $
I hope they ask you about appointing a Special Prosecutor to investigate #Trumprussia
fix it already
Stop speaking. Retire. Start building ships in a bottle. Thank you.
Maybe its time to retire
Who cares you have had years to halp Vets yet you haven't! We have seen your true colors! @POTUS is AWESOME
I care. As a vet any help is better than no help.
so what!
I have the ULTIMATE SOLUTION FOR FIXING THE VA!!!
what is it?
thank you for trying to help Veterans.
please watch this https://youtu.be/5LAMXS3rLS8 
oh boogie men. Stop shivering under your covers.
that's a good focus for you.
