@WhiteHouse if emphasize Trump care, the exemption never give vote to you in next election.
You are so afraid of Trump you are willing to let your constituents panic and lose sleep waiting for you to say where you stand on #ACHA
The Rep. Wealth care bill, like terrorists, will hurt and kill Americans! This criminal bill is an attack on all of America! Vote NO!
@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @marcorubio @WhiteHouse @XHNews i never met @moonriver365 n i never get any money from @About_Hyundai .if get, i write
Be a man. Be a human. Protect Americans. Vote NO on health bill.
Did you dad cover up the USS Liberty plot?
Nope.
Hey Mr @SenJohnMcCain I saw your lil QA regarding the Health care bill. Come on, you're a GOOD guy, do the RIGHT thing. You've been doing it
@WhiteHouse To @GH_PARK MB SAMSUNG HYUNDAI-KIA 's Royal families n nears not Citizen. They prohibit my visit to there n work for you.
You should be happy for your war machine is back to work. War mongering vampire
Wud rather hear u talk abt y u aren't against AHCA. How can u defend bill? Thought u were brave. Apparently, your 4 sale, like rest of GOP.
news broke that John McCain’s McCain Institute for International Leadership was taking money from anti-American billionaire George Soros
Senator war, friend of terrorists. History will never forget your evil deeds to humanity
@WhiteHouse Eastern DaeGu city n THAAD location area in South-Korea have victim by haevy rain. Need aid by you. They are your supporters.
How much money does McCain receive from Defense Contractors?
You might as well turn Democrat. You resist well. You strengthen them, you mimick them well. Retire, you give the Democrats more power.
This is something to be concerned about.
#Russia's new Ambassador to #WashingtonDC, A. Antonov was involved in the war against #Ukraine & shooting of #MH17 

http://tvzvezda.ru/news/vstrane_i_mire/content/201705181741-a0xl.htm …
Senator,  You were had by Fusion and Crooked Hillary. You should apologize to POTUS and then resign.
Grande senatore!
You were my hero growing up. If you vote yes on AHCA you will be no longer. Vote no please.
You happen to have any holdings in this venture?
@SASCMajority plw include FY18DAA markup “Certification by
SECNAV that NavyFRCSW meets F-18 timelines, E2C2 landing gear QC, safe
workplace"
climate change is a security problem
I call your office everyday. Like shouting down an empty well. No one is home John. You have lost your fragile mind. Quit or we will RESIST
Your constituents are concerned about the health"care" plan and how you will vote: party or conscience everything else is your smoke screen
YOU have lost your mind.
How many times they going to fix these aurcraft
That airplane is an absolute pile of shit! Someone should be in jail for stealing from the American people.
Check this out--Trumcare is going to cost the government more, while reducing services and increasing costs. http://www.kff.org/health-reform/ 
Good. Safety first!
Your mom must be very happy Mr. McCain sorry  you can get away with about anything. Smile a little more. Sorry
Both sides respects you, despite what you did at the comey hearing to get your wife a job in the trump admin. You should vote no.
This belongs to you senator. I also have a preexisting condition. McConnell is pulling a fast one on preexisting http://conditions.Vote  no

Traitor
F-35 is a failure coz it has Kaspersky antivirus used in the IT system LOL
But they didn't fix the problem. They don't even know what it is. How soon before we lose a pilot?
Overly complex (and therefore difficult to maintain), to justify being overpriced.
No wonder we spend 3X what the next biggest military spender does.
So much for fighting government waste.
Senator, does Russia have a fighter that matches the performance of the F35?
Ru hackers. They break any system, including this one LMAO



Under the ACA people with incomes up to 150% of poverty pay an average deductible of $255. In the Senate hill bill it would be over $6,000. 

Please don't turn against Vets & our poor, elderly & disabled--You have to vote NO on this healthcare. You know this is immoral & attacked
Pls. Stand out, Speak up! This could be your greatest act of Heroism Sir. The WH & GOP have been infiltrated by head of KGB. 
Do something
3) They have access 2Nuclear codes,can endanger millions of ppl-do something now! I know you love this country. 
Pls have the courage & stop
I'd be more glad if we just dumped the F-35 and put the aircraft we need for today's wars -- the A-10 -- back into production.
Do you and you're eldest son discuss this topic much? If I had to guess, I would say yes! Highly respect your family Sir!
Can you get this plane fixed quick, or the UK will have two shiny new aircraft carriers with no planes to fly off them
Songbird @SenJohnMcCain can you please take your Soros $, crooked foundation and please just go away.
Trumpcare is a disaster for America, for your constituents. Be a true American Hero and vote against it! Put Country ahead of Party!
Your spot at the unemployment line is waiting Senator. You will be shown the retirement you deserve
Soros
Well with the fake climate change not impacting flight ops, it's hard to believe this isn't fake news. You must be "troubled".
most expensive Erectile Disfunction treatment ever...
Did Trump lie about F-35 cost savings?
Okay w/you if DJT puts the military in the hands of "warfighters" as President Bannon says? I know you believe in strong military but wars?
was there in "69" tad from Lemoore
Shouldn't have games in the planes
Work on the threat of having this Admin in the house breaking many laws & mocking our democracy & our Intell Agencies & exposing us
McCain....work?!?!?  that man hasn't worked since he took office...
have not heard you say you won't support the healthcare bill- it hurts millions. there aren't enough amendments to fix it. stand for us!
Thanks for your service John,.. Now please go away #RINO
Good to See that all Of America hasn't lost its Mind #trumplies #trumpcarekills
