Maybe you could hire a foreign agent to compile a fake report against the president... wait you already did that
McCain is a fool!!!
McCain, Should you pay a price for your Russian meddling?
Moron wants us to go to war with Rusdia but meets with Isis as friends.
How about your own Russian meddling?
You are a not a Republican! Go away we don't need or want you representing and speaking for republicans!
Ole @SenJohnMcCain , if there's a "price to pay" he wants to make sure he gets his cut.......#Sellout #senatorforprofit
Why weren't you all up in arms with your buddy Obama who did NOTHING let it slide because of the election there's the real crime
And there has to be a price to pay for trying to thwart the efforts of the President of the US that WE THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR. Trump won not U
Still waiting, while your legacy goes down toilet.  Keep enabling demise of american democracy, voting to support POTUS.  Sad!!
But since it's party before laws, why are the citizens of the US paying the price
There will be a "price to pay" for you not doing the job you were elected to do! Get healthcare reform DONE! #AZembarrassment
The time has passed-Obama let them hack & did nothing
Pay attn 2 AZ & 
Russia has the economy of IL & so will AZ soon!
Phony Democrat McCain
CFD admires you your never ending firmness. Follow us on @coalitionfd and http://coalitionfordefense.com  to know what we do for a secure Europe
Looks like @SenJohnMcCain has some explaining to do.
@SenJohnMcCain How about a price for Obama's meddling in 2015 Israeli election-"Anybody but Bibi",  w/ $, staff & techniques (& vs Brexit)??
Russia Russia Russia. Nothing there in regards to Trump. Now get on with the people's business.
But who will make them pay?  So far just talk from all the GOP!
What price did the US pay for not only meddling but organizing coups in other countries, leading to dictatorships and bloodshed?
I agree, and we should up the ante and tell them what we will do if it happens again....something they really will not like..then do it
Clown
Evildoer shameful liar hillarys boy took Soros money jealous of President Trump stop trying to destroy him

Tell us how you meddled in Ukraine, sharing the stage with neo-nazis, Senator! You have no moral ground to point the finger at Russia!
Glad to see you're almost back to Sen McCain but please tell the truth about how the ACA was passed.
There has to be a price to pay for Republican inaction in confronting the lies, exaggerations and cheating by Trump and his cronies!
I will celebrate the day Hillary and her alley-cat husband go to jail for their thefts of US $$, honor and trust.
GOP investigated any rumor of a HC slight.  No offense too big to ignore with @realDonaldTrump .

The hypocrisy erodes faith and respect.
Should me nuke them John that will show them, they can only do what alllow them to do by not preparing and hardening out systems
Not interested in your opinion. Leave it to the Trump Admin. They were elected to handle this issue.
Is this the sweet nothing you whispered in Hillary's ear after giving her a peck on the cheek?
Kushner keeps forgetting to disclose meetings w Russians.  Still has security clearance. Why???
Absolutely!
Define Meddling.  Thanks.
@SenJohnMcCain STOP just talking & take action.
so, does there have to be a price to pay for US meddling in, say, Iraq or Afghanistan or Libya or Syria or Somalia  or Iran or Turkey? eh?
meddling, if Russian, helped bring we the people truth about Hillarys private server, emails, etc, why wasn't congress more knowledgeable?
Remember this @SenJohnMcCain? There was a penalty.
If only this old man was as upset about Obama's meddling in Israel's election. It's just dump on Trump any chance he gets. Jealousy.
You had your chance pal in 2008 and you blew it. You are now becoming part of the problem in Washington. It's time for you to go. Now!
Nerobte z američanou hlupákovaž tak ich podceňujemeTo je poďakovanie že vás platia?
Senator, you are still the MSMs ‘good ole boy’. No true Conservative! U  all MSM publicity.Negative 2 us. Say Bye to McCainfolks via Vote!
He paid a price he was shot dead for hacking DNC & giving info to Wikileaks His name is Seth Rich! Get caught up or leave the party
Clearly, you're outraged. We all are. Now, how about you and your GOP pals get off your butts and DO SOMETHING??!! #ImpeachTrump
Crapola. Russia doesn't meddle any more than we do.....ARREST Comey, Lynch, And Clinton!
Mccain lost his credibility. Time to step aside for a younger fresher attitude. One that is for the United States and supports it's leader.
You lying #Republicans. #russia DID effect outcome of #Election2017 using #FakeNews plants. #russian #spy @POTUS in @WhiteHouse. Thanks @GOP
What is dead in the healthcare bill is you. Just like Hillary you can't get to closure that Americans do not want you as president or anythi
You KEEP saying that, then fall in line with Repubs & try to shut Kamila Harris up w/ logical questions. Forgive us, we don't believe you!
Really Obama meddles in Israel election, spending thousand of American dollars sending people over to Israel u say nothing to that!
If states enhance the move to alternative energy, then it is a blow to Putin's oil autocracy and make him pay the dearest price #defeatPutin
You seriously need to get on the side of the American people not the elite leftist in this country!
Shut up about Russia where was your out rage when China is helping North Korea and stole 150,000 government workers files!!! Retire already!
Uncle Victor-"Get the damn Germans on the other side where they belong" McCain-"Get the damn Russians on the other side where they belong."
We don't care about Russia!  We care about you & GOP passing healthcare!  Stop talking & do your job. Sooooooooo tired of words & no action!
How long are you and your colleagues going to let Trump destroy this country . If this were HRC, you would have impeached her by now.
When is the price paid on crooked hillary, lynch, comey, wasserman and all the others in the party of opposition?
We pay the price every tome we listen to Democrats like you pretend it's more than DNC email hack exposing Democrat lies. #ByeRhino
Forget about Russia nothing burger & get rid of Obamacare. Can't wait brim your state ends your Democrat in Republican clothing career.
You act like a 6th grade school kid, with an axe to grind please just grow up, very embarrassing to your party.
Your grin and laugh is condescending and rude. You're narrow minded and there are other ways to handle Putin then yours. Don't trust you
Why don't you just resign your position as senator and make your position on this program official.
And not in the Ivanka Trump way #complicitdoesnotmeanwhatshethinksitdoes
Fed up w Russia talk! Rally around MY Pres & get health care & tax reform NOW! Had 7yrs to B ready 2 repeal  Get it done NO VACATION
http://crooksandliars.com/2017/07/brutal-australian-journalist-sums-trumps … is this what you want Senator McCain ?
Grand standing once again.
You have become an outdated and disappointing senator. Step down or get on the train sir.  Be a teammate for once in your arrogant term.
Then hold your damn President accountable for being an enabler to Putin!!!!!

So when are you going to denounce this traitor? We are in danger. All Democracies in danger. Screw your Party. Time to be a Patriot!
Damn straight, there WILL be a price to pay, for anti American US Senator that does business with George Soros, they will hang by the neck!
What about Chinese meddling? We KNOW they do it, too. Obama listened in on Merkel. Should we pay a price? What price does everyone pay?
you've lost it John......time for you to step down and hand the reigns off to a clear-thinking republican.
Sure talk a big game.
DO US ALL A FAVOR SONGBIRD !!
#NeverTrump = NEED TO SHUT UP - TIRED OF THE DO NOTHING GOPe UNI-PARTY WAR MONGERS LIKE @SenJohnMcCain !!

#songbird
I don't know what has happened to you whether your in Soros back pocket now are what but you have become a #Traitor to your party
Is everyone clear on @SenJohnMcCain role in phony Russian dossier? Think it has been under reported.Was he guilty of collusion with Dems
@SenJohnMcCain thinks Russia must pay for meddling.Why isn't he calling for Dems to pay for phony collusion charges on @realDonaldTrump ?
The price is impeachment of their stooge, Trump. Are you too much of a political coward to enforce the law?
Where were you when Hillary was being paid by the Russians to hand over our Uranium reserves? Or was that just SOP to you?
McCain has set on his hands doing nothing but talk about Russia since election. He has done nothing to improve the lives of Americans.
Ya, tell obama that McCain, where we're u then?
What John McCain wants is a pound of flesh from POTUS for campaign comments!
What was his price for being a songbird...
Really!!! Whose going to make them pay-not Trump. Who knows how much he owes Putin. Republican house and senate needs to step up!
How about the DNC rigging the Primaries or MSM colluding with a presidential campaign. Or is this the only narrative you've been paid for?
Fox/Hen House
Sir U preach 2 choir! Write bill DEMAND &REQUIRE hard sanct 4 even perception of democracy meddling. USA is STILL under attack.Do SOMETHING.
And when none found, will you die of embarrassment? Oh and no vacation till healthcare fixed
Get your ass to work and pass new health care bill, you've had 8 years of doing nothing, now get it done or your worthless.
lol we thought Obama took care of the Russian meddling, oh yeah he ignored it, get your head out of your ass.
I can't believe I voted for you. I am ashamed. Why don't you do your job and stop distracting with this Russian BS
You are so sad.
Senator McCain we do not want to hear another peep out of you regarding Trump Putin. Pass repeal and replace then tax reform. Get to work.
But wait... on what basis is it "they tried & failed" to chng the outcome of ourv election?  THEY DID! Incompetent pro-Russia stooge won...
So it's time to step up!  Sanctions 4 Russia, #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump & #NewElection
Your the biggest ever meddling, captured turncoat, the #World has ever had the misfortune to listen to #WarMonger #TurnCoat #Russia #America
Your devotion to democracy and freedom might be the salvation of the USA, after Trump. From opposing torture after 9/11 to now. Run again!
Pease leave our Republican Party.. You have been a rhino too long, almost always you lean left please become a DEM already #MAGA
Heard u on radio bemoaning our losing in A-stan.  You missed the whole ISIS being destroyed in Mosul thing?  It's called priorities old man.
Good to wander  With candy
for the cheek And another one for a friend to Take a pocket as a reserve.)))
Ok @SenJohnMcCain, you pass term limits and retire....we will take care of Russia
It was a bad point in time, and a brutal running mate, that put neg. Force on your last run for president. Run again. It could save the GOP.
I have much respect for you. Through your career you've modled a use of power, like the USA once felt was fundamental to its own nobility.

is this how you want the world to see the US? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l-jvYcS0KQ …
That's rich. Exactly what is your price ? Think the huge sums donated to the McCain Institute by foreign governments should be investigated?
hmm... tell him to stop it maybe?  do you realise the perception that you give when he is not held accountable, that you are complicit
How long will you sit on sidelines while the Country is in grave danger? 
Please do something!! He owes Putin Billions & is obv compromised
Like the price paid by the Keating Five?  Oh yeah, they didn't pay a price for their crime.
Please reflect on this, thank you:
#WarHawk John McCain #NotPresident hates Russia  from his #HanoiHilton torture as much as Putin hates Clinton & detested Obama #feckless
I hope you can start focusing on fixing the ruinous health care system..don't make the mistake of sitting idly on sidelines. Help America!
Are you going to do something about it @SenJohnMcCain? I keep hoping you will, but you keep disappointing me.
If the repeal of Obamacare fails, you and all the other RINOs need to retire because none of you SWAMP DWELLERS will be reelected again.  
@jdickerson @cbsla Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain OK with Israel influencing American elections: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/israels-dirty-little-secret/ …
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain betrayed #USSLiberty for Israel Lobby as well:
Traitor @SenJohnMcCain confronted about #USSLiberty & #Media Accomplices: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2d0CKXy8HQ&list=PL32A3140D59BF5772&feature=plpp_play_all … #USNavy
@SenJohnMcCain when you become the president you can make Russia pay... Oh wait... Never mind
Can the price be impeachment ???
McCain also said Putin didn't succeed in altering the result of 
our election. Really?
Stop giving @SenJohnMcCain credit where none is due.
You look like a strained lima bean.
It is time for you to lead the action to save our democracy. #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW!
Do you ever stop regurgitating talking points for the left? God man you have surely got Alzheimer's but then again you always have been nuts
Aren't you going to sgroke out soon...praying. your a traitor!
Why aren't you GOPers doing something then ... why?? Because you were placated by a post for your wife??
@SenJohnMcCain it's called sanctions, which have not been lifted, no august recess, Obamacare repealed and tax reform,
I agree the Russians need to cut off the funds to @SenJohnMcCain .
Johnny we knew you would be grabbing camera time on all of the talk shows. You and Graham are the leaders of the swamp. Need to go.
You senile, warmongering, RHINO. Time to step down.
Junior admits it! Do something. Please sir.
Senator McCain, how much longer will you and your Republican colleagues allow Trump to imperil US Democracy?
How about YOU RETIRE. That would be a great price for Arizonans to pay.
@SenJohnMcCain Mr McCain you should have gone quietly after your failed Presidential run. Please retire in dignity (any left)
Move on John that horse has been flogged as much as the public can take.  Do your job and fix healthcare & taxes or shut up
Do tell, .@SenJohnMcCain, why you sent an aide to #Russia to pick up a fake #Dossier...
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4108960/How-Trump-s-nemesis-John-McCain-kicked-Kremlin-memo-scandal-handing-dossier-FBI-sending-emissary-abroad-collect-it.html …

#DumpMcCain

#WakeUpArizon

Perfect!
You are losing my support...on FTN, you say the health bill is "dead." What are you doing, if anything, to get a bill onto Trumps desk?
Apparently that price is a Russia/US cyber security task force. Just brilliant

How about you move there, that's a good punishment and Az can be rewarded at the same time. Win/win
And McCain should pay the price for meddling in DJT's presidency.  He is a traitor and a Soros puppet!
Yeah, but he says he still supports the President!  Senator, its waayy past time to get real!
That seem real intelligent, John. Is that another example why you were at the bottom of your class. Suggestion, maybe it would be smart to..
Repeal ACA this week and get to work on reforming healthcare for the American people. Make believe it's your health plan and make it good.
McCain always looking to start a war.
Another Republican that acts like he's doing something by huffing & puffing, but hasn't lifted a finger to take action!
You are Complacent!
@SenJohnMcCain 
Yes
And what are you going to do about it John? I only respect you if you're going to take action not just talk about it like you normally do.
Thanks for saying this. Please maje it happen.
Ok, send John McCain to Russia to question Putin, and then make Putin read McCain's op-eds. That oughta do it
His team was supposed to be "the best" not the kids and billionaire buddies!  we didn't want "the package" wanted the promises!
great comments today  Plz protect us..@POTUS tweets totally nutty
no trust in democracy/ scares me so much!!  if we'd know his "team"??!! no
What is the price for selling uranium to the Russians?
@SenJohnMcCain please remind republicans that the pres is siding with a mafia boss over his own IC. remember why magnitsky act was passed
McCain should retire and do America a favor. He is the poster child for Term Limits. None of the rest of America wants to go to war Stop IT.
and trump believes them...we can hardly stand this shit anymore and defending him in the way the GOP is doing including you is disgraceful !
Please let the american people know you will stand by what you said ...if we move forward with russia you know they said they didnt do it
what price ?  what trump is doing now ? lets forget about it and work with russia to address computer hacking ???
You cannot be means father as she is way to intelligent tk have come from your dna
@SenJohnMcCain 
Don't say stupid things on Air all the time ! Just to be invited in the bag !
There has to be a price to pay for selling out your own party.
how can we as a nation regardless of party allow Trump to ally with Putin and just take his word for not meddling/hacking our election
Just go away. You are now like former senator Ben Nelson. Never Been Correct network fits you. Not President not worth while
