Please talk about climate change like you did before you ran for president!  America and the World you leave for your kids depends on it!
Climate change!? Stop it !
Stop what? Do you have kids or family that will have to live once you are gone?  Do you want them to have it better or worse than you had it
Better of course, do you see how corrupt our government is? How corrupt our media is? We have problems in this country! #MAGA ##TrumpTtain
Look, don't let the perfect get in the way of the good.  And the most corrupt thing I see in Washington is Trump himself working withRussia
You realize there is no evidence of Russian collusion? You realize Hillary had classified email on an unclassified server? Which is a fact?
Keith, I would it for the special prosecution's verdict to conclude before passing judgement as to Trumps innocence.
Really? So since there is no evidence of collusion we need to investigate?! Give me a break! This is drummed up BS by Podesta and Clinton!
you are a t
McCain you shorted the entire country voted down Healthcare going forward all because you despise our POTUS We are tired of it #DrainSwamp
This is John McCain... This is how you will be remembered!1!!!
Go back to sleep, you made more sence before the operation
Passed because of politicians like you who vote based on petty jealousy of POTUS. #MAGA step down now NeverForget The USSForestall
And your continued presence in the Senate shortchanges Americans & deprived us of the entitlement & tax reforms we need
At least trump and the democrats got it done.  Deadbeat obstructionists like john mccain are becoming irrelevant
Don't forget our outdated/underfunded heroes of the Coast Guard! They need our support, respect, and money for defending our water boarders!
Kinda like the way you shortchanged the people who voted for you when you threw them under the bus to punish Trump, you little punk?
I LOVE John McCain! and all that he stands so strongly for. I wish him good health. Thank you,sir, for going after Trump's horrible words!
Bullcrap Senator, the US military budget is the highest in the world, no audits are being done. Military contractors are making billions.
So you do care about something How about HC promises you made to voters ??????
Maybe a Senator could write a better bill instead of lying about the ACA.
An appearance on CNN paints you as untruthful.  Don't go on there any more. Also, don't quote the Washington post.

Gee Johnny, looks like the President went Maverick!
McCain wanted longer borrowing time and therefore more debt without Congress standing up for citizens.  They want to ignore financial issues
Best deal ever because you did not DO YOUR JOB!
No way GOP gets 18 months on the debt ceiling!  You will stand in the dock at mid-terms & get the thrashing you so richly deserve!
Senator this was a quick fix & it was not wrong.  It was very necessary.  Can we move on to other, pressing business?
Your choice of CNN shows your deep seated hate for @POTUS and the mainstream.  It's your way to thumb your nose at those who voted for you.
Please you have had your chance congress needs to actually act.  YOU ARE THE POSTER CHILD FOR DYSFUNCTION. do your job. keep your promises.
You mean like what you pulled on the Obamacare
Really! Then why didn't the republicans pass a real budget with President Trump? #DTFS
You've been there for 30+ years, you sleep thru those years or just forgot? Do your job or RETIRE and let someone who cares to take over.
BS
Fix my health care
Juan is a liar that needs to get out of politics - may he live a long private sector life.
Second guesser no solutions rhino
Senator, you have expressed nothing but hate towards the president.  In no way have you tried to work with the president,  he had no choice
Your so smart.. you should run for President...OOPS did it twice. . Both failures .  Take the hint !!
Why don't you ever go on Tucker Carlson show? He would show your true colors. Retire will you !
Hey john the traitor, shut up
Please resign. You are painful to watch.
Stop waiting till the last minute to do your job! http://Opensecrets.com  will show which special interest groups control the gov't.
Please retire and take care of yourself
So, you can back the Ds, but he can't? You just don't want @realDonaldTrump to get anything done. Still sore you lost, aren't you, Johnny.
Maybe you should start helping your real constituents.
This wasn't just a "quick fix" for Harvey and an even quicker fix for the ceiling. Can't we handle war just a bit later?
Well, ok, not for long, but still - didn't think this was to take on bigger problems.  No????
Mccain you put us n danger wth all ur evil doinsGo back home ur brain is not working well.Ur a sorry no good traitor U have commited treadon
And what about transgenders?
Resign
Why Does Congress Continue to Whine & Cry About The Budget? Stop Passing "Continuing Resolutions" & Pass a Real Two to Five Year Budget!!!
AND YOUR NO VOTE DEPRIVED MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF AMERICANS FREEDOM FROM ACA...YOU NEED TO GET OUT NOW..RESIGN
Please stop spending on the military. By spending on the military you are actually shortchanging Americans not in uniform. #NoMoreGuns #Life
The question is will it get Republicans in line
Go home McCain you gave away you bid for The President to the Dems and you can't live with all you have done wrong to our vets! Just go home
You shortchanged millions of Americans on health insurance reform.  So what's your point?
Shortchanged like our country when you rerammed the obamacare package up our rectums again , Thanks TRAITOR.
Thank you for standing up for things, not because they are Republican or Democrat, but because you believe they are the "right" thing to do!
Your nuts if you think McCain cares about anything other than himself! #DTFS
The Press & EU understand issues of the Arctic control being asserted by Putin. 28 day passage is a big deal to them. USA needs to be there.
Dude Our @POTUS Will not let Service Members Down! Ever! Not like you have let our Vets down! You have to live with that! Hard to isn't it!
Potus can't do a thing.  All money bill originate in House by constitution. Stop looking for a super-hero to save you.  You do it.
Judas.
Covering up Trump tax returns is wrong too
So why did they pass it? We need a whole new congress
Bread & circus is why they passed the interim funding.  We behave like a mob, they treat us like a mob.
G'wed lad!
The problem with Congress IS Congress itself. Congress could f#&clj up a ham sandwich
Or, Congress can screw up a train wreck. Goldman Sachs tells them where to spend, after puts and calls are in place.
Shut up
It's time to retire John, you're not doing this for the American people, you're doing it for yourself at this point.
