How about focusing on what you promised for the last eight years repeal of Obamacare!!  Instead of your lies
Retire rino!

Thanks for the info "Songbird"
McCain is the biggest trator! That RINO scumbag is NOT an honorable hero. If U look into his history you'll he's a major military screw up!
After what Trump encouraged his minions to say yesterday about you, a true hero, I must encourage you & your party to impeach Trump.
Not true.  It does not tell me when is GOP getting him out of office?  Really, a date would be helpful.
Evidently 45 can't retain anything for 3 mins, looked at eclipse without glasses like he was cool
Thanks for voting to keep Obamacare and screwing over the American people and the @GOP. Enjoy your fully paid healthcare at our expense.
Best post of you as of late...
This is not a kleptocratic monarchy. Let's act like it.
Who cares man
It's time to invade the Fire Nation!
Here is one tip for you......step down
.@realDonaldTrump Hey John - The BEST view is to look directly at it; RESIGN- NO CREDS AFTER VOTE TO KEEP OBAMA CARE - #RESIGN_MCCAIN
No one cares what you have to say traitor @MeghanMcCain mccaitell your dad to please zip it
Like so much else, the @GOP would be UP IN ARMS over a FRACTION of this crap.
This jerk is bankrupting a taxpayer-funded agency WHILE PERSONALLY PROFITING from doing so. Unacceptable.
What you need to know is that you need to help the president pass his agenda and stop being a democrat obstructionist. Thanks you
How much is Soros paying you to betray my country? Tell us the price and we'll match it on kickstart.
That isn't an eclipse...
You forget to send Trump the memo. 
Nice!!!  Are u wearing ur prescription lunar glasses? I'm not cause I have no health insurance!! #DrainTheSwamp
I heard it was good to look directly into the sun with no glasses Johnny boy! Watch for 10 min then retire ole man!
What we know is that we got stabbed in the back by you on "health insurance" you pile of garbage!
Wear polarized sunglasses. Eclipse glasses are nothing but a scam.
Soros puppet! Songbird.
Love you Senator McCain. Thank you for your lifelong service to America.
There is talk of "tax strike" - ppl refuse to pay taxes until this is stopped. I don't work to send 1/3 of my paycheck to dt's golf courses!
U think the propaganda media supports you? They want the Rep Traitor  to say negitives. They don't like u, you are their Benedict Arnold!
when we respond to your tweets with Facts that make you look bad . You push out useless tweets of rainbows and  nature to bury ours
A limited set # of days and expense for vacations - you know, LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
Congress needs to make a rule/pass a law: ya can't profit off your own protection. We will only secure ONE residence.
So, um, taxpayers are not going to pay $60k b/c a rich guy won't let the friggin Secret Service use them for free. And all the other stuff.

Also, this 
Hi. This is cool. I think we're getting roughly the same percent where I am.
thank you Senator!  I hope you are on the mend
Gleefully watching an eclipse of your last days.
Get back to work traitor
Have any of you been denouncing Democrat Senator Maria Chapelle-Nadal? Where? When?
I'm glad the confederate monument has appropriate shades for today.
John why don't you stay off here. 
So this is what old Sens do tell us how to watch an eclipse.  That's all you're good for so stay in AZ
LIKE YOU DO! YOU WILL LOSE REELECTION IF YOU CONTINUE ON TRYING TO GO AGAINST OUR CHOICE, SOROS CAN'T  HELP YOU WHEN YOUR OUT!
WE EXPECT YOU TO GET BEHIND POTUS, GOD PUT HIM THERE AND GOING AGAINST HIM IS GOING AGAINST GOD- READ "TRUMP PROPHESIES" MARK TAYLOR
Please ride off into this unique sunset.  #termlimits
everything you need to know is the  @SenJohnMcCain threw his constituents under the bus to showboat and grandstand over petty remarks

You got a disease McCain it's called liberalism. Go check yourself into a detox center..
Enjoy! Be well.
It always makes me happy to see a tweet from youWishing you well
Going to the rally tomorrow night? Oh that's right, you're too ill. You're only well enough to push in the knife and give a twist, eh Brutus
Here's everything we need to know ya fraud. #weseeyou
Hey John I thought you died
You have always been a Hero of Mine; a great Statesman/Senator.
Thank you Sen. McCain.
As old as you are, you must be an expert, next you will show everyone how to be a traitor
John we wish u a speedy recovery, but ur service to this country is a disgrace! You have to tote the injustices you've done to the Amer ppl!
Really that nice sight sun
I want to hear you publicly denounce that you are not paid by HRC to block the pontus I've lost a lot of faith inu
Can't get into this eclipse thing while my world is self-destructing,lead by @GOP supported MADMAN in the WH #25thAmendment #TrumpResignNow
It's faked
We do not need eclipse information from you, John. We need legislation to improve the lives of American citizens. Get to it!
Do you want to obstruct it too?
Now that you understand all about the eclipse how about getting back to work and signing a repeal bill?
Are you serious? my family has benefited from the ACA, especially w/ a chronic illness.  Are you okay - throwing people off their insurance?
Help us John McCain. He hit that vessel to weaken us. He hit your namesake on purpose. He is evil. He's going to hand us to Putin weak.
?
Are you going to Frump's rally?
Go back to bed John we don't care what you think
I hear if viewed without glasses it will cure your brain tumor. Please give it a try!
?
Are working on the revised healthcare plan?
How is the Tax Reform Plan developing?
Could careless about some eclipse! Do what you promised or resign!
John here is what I want to know.  Can you and Senators worry less about Trump's job and MORE about your own getting things done?
Hope you enjoy. It's all good Sir. We love you
Bring ur pets inside also, eye damage applies to them as well.  Thanks 4 tips senator.  Praying 4 u from Rubioland!
Where would we be without Big Brother leftists telling us how to live our lives?
Sweet! I'm flying from Tampa to Boston. Leaving @ 11:20 am!
I stared at this picture for too long.  I think I'm blind.

:)
Get to work or resign. You've done nothing that you promised. Sick of you Never-Trump liars and traitors.
Here's everything you need to know:
Go to HELLMcCain, join the rest of your lying family already there
Obama:
Sorry @USNavy the cuts to the military affected the amount of training that we can provide and the ability to keep our Sailors safe
LOOK STRAIGHT AT IT MCCAIN!!! #TRAITOR #DISGRACE #DIDN'TMAKEDADPROUD
Everyone needs to know you're a traitor, liar and murderer
Good for you, the eclipse knows nothing of a TRAITOR
Arizona is the person to whom Harry belongs.
OOOOOOOOOOOOO uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
@SenJohnMcCain who cares about your opinion you fake war hero and fake Republican you're a trader to the American people

And i don't know how to brush my teeth


Retire
First, go to middle east and make terrorist contacts... second, switch political affiliations without telling anyone...

Happy #SolarEclispe2017 
Thank you for sharing!
Could care less what a Traitor has to say
I agree! Lol nobody is watching it in Arizona anyway- its not in the path lol
It's an omen, Senator.  The gods are sending us a warning: #Impeach soon or darkness will be permanent.
I am hearing that if you repeat @realDonaldTrump name three times during the eclipse he will disappear forever. What do you have to lose?
Perhaps.
