@MeghanMcCain Stop acting like you're in charge of anything RINO!  You LOST...had your chance and blew it!
have respect for this Vet. He deserve your respect & everyone in US. He served. You sky dive.
His past service (which I respect) doesn't give him the green light to undermine the President
president is not God. He is making sure president does not abuse his power and stays focused.
Nope, he's overstepping...jealous probably.
why would he. Mr McCain has a higher IQ than the entire trump administration put together.
Are you his nephew or something???
nope just a person that recognizes that McCain is a American hero. Are u orphan?
thank you Senator. As an Arizonan and an American I'm looking to you and other Republicans w/backbone to counter this madness
Wow! I find it amazing that it seems to be only establishment & liberals on McCains twitter. Go figure
That's because George Soros funded his Never Trump campaign!He is being loyal to his Communist boss
you people will never, ever realize how paranoid and downright insane you sound.
That's fair but we are not the ones rioting everywhere. Dems need to get a grip on this & stop.
just doing what the tea party tried to do. Free means right to assemble.
DontEVERcompare criminal rioting&violence2peacefulTPdemonstrations! @MinustheMean @freeusa2020 @ClueHeywood @Adriennebertuc1 @SenJohnMcCain
wasn't me. You all took off w/that assumption. Easy to criminalize opposing views.
Who's side are you on? Please stop trying to undermine our President. Shameful! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @tedcruz
Are you kidding? The #Illegitimate pres is undermining the US. #impeach
Illegitimate? Please go back to school. It's call the Electoral College.
I have 2 masters degrees, but thanks. "Election" was "installment" by Putin
Hope u speak with someone to calm down & be able to accept the truth.
48% of electorate already favor impeachment. Let's hope he's out before more service people hurt.
how long are we going to have to keep apologizing for a @POTUS who clearly isn't fit for the job?
Apologies accepted for the next 8 years. Then it's Pence for another 8. Total 16 years! Sound okay?
thank goodness someone has common sense! It's not so common in the White House! DJT dangerous to our allies and not to Russia
thank you! Please save us from Trump - he's not right in the head and I'm scared.
yay!  Don't let Trump run roughshod over our allies.
Trumps got everyone made at us.  Can't you do something to stop this?
maybe you should have told them to liberate your country from a mad man dictator. @IntrovertRN1975
#doingitright #winning dont know why I like this guy so much; maybe its his apologetic demeanor while still a hardline rep :)
@MeghanMcCain I supported you when you ran. No more.
doesn't matter as you need to fight against a Trump with your other elected Republicans. So far you haven't shown any guts
Thank goodness there is one sane legislator who is trying to smooth over Trump's many mistakes! Trump is causing problems.
Trump is unstable. Get him out. People the world over are terrified.
You are/have always been a back stabbing, jealous hearted, two-faced senator. Your motives are always/only self-serving. Sad!
Mr. McCain. Please stand up to Trump.The Republicans need a leader.  Well respected, nothing to lose.
As someone with relatives who fought in WWI, WWII and in Afghanistan in the Australian military I appreciate your support.
You are senile old hack, I don't think the president needs your help dealing with Australia or anything else! RETIREMENT
You undermined the efforts of president George W. Bush every chance you got & now you're doing it to @realDonaldTrump
thank you for standing up to the absurdity.
is it not obvious to the Republican Party that DJT is unfit to lead this country? He is mentally ill. Time to #impeach him.
YOU should not be undermining the POTUS! You are NOT POTUS! Calling the Australian govt without even knowing the details?SUCH
it must be exhausting to clean up after him, but thank you
Thank you!  POTUS incompetent.
@LeslieMarshall  stay out of it Senator not your business now
where were you when Obama made the deal oh napping maybe
How about showing support for Americans, while you're at it?  Like voting NO on that educational disaster,  #Devos?
absolutely!!!  DeVos will kill us public schools!!!
so glad trump stood up to no criminal immigrants from #Australia; no help from mccain @SenJohnMcCain
How are U trmp's babysitter now? This is your job now- trmp took a shit in the living room and U have to clean it up
.@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Our President is a threat to national security, and quite possibly not mentally fit. #ImpeachTrump
thank you, please express same unwavering support for us and #VoteNoDevos
just took 36k to buy you.
THANK YOU for calling the Australian PM to basically say "Yeah, he is an idiot, we are still cool, right?" we need #Australia
That's a good start. Now how about standing up to @realDonaldTrump's Cabinet noms & investigating his Russia ties?
If the people wanted liberals in these cabinets they would have voted for the corrupt liar!
Why didn't you run for President this year?
Because no Republican would vote for him. He tried and lost. Mc Cain just likes wars
Why are you getting involved?.. It has fuck all to do with you. Respect your President.
Thank You!! America needs you like never before!! Please continue to stand up to Trump!! He's outrages!!
it's clear that #Obama bent over for anything to do with the worldwide Muslim Brotherhood. Why doesn't Oz want these people?
.@SenJohnMcCain I am a Democrat and I am turning to you, earnest in my patriotism, to keep standing up to President Trump. Thank you!
Thank you for being the voice of reason among the GOP today, tomorrow and for next 4 yrs.
Stop covering for his incompetence and #IMPEACH. He is a shame to the entire country & a threat to the world
We are NOT a dumping ground for terrorists, McCain. Jackass Obama made this "deal" to damage America. Who's side are YOU on?
Thank you for reaching out to Australia.
I think after the pause , the refugees will come over like they should, but I do believe vetting is needed on extreme meas
.@SenJohnMcCain The alliance where when Australia wants USA to take another 200 refugees we take them to keep Australia citizens safe?
McCain, Ryan, estab. RINOs didn't listen to US the first time re: "refugees." Now he thinks he's going above our Prez
Thank you.  Trump is trying to tick off every country on the planet.  Slogan should be "Make America Alone".
I am an Australian and I can assure you we stand united with the citizens of America in our repulsion of DT.
We don't care if you like him or not, we love him and support him.  McCain has become spineless
@JoeHockey how many Australian soldiers have been killed in fighting America's wars?
I didn't support you for President but I want to thank you for your integrity. We are counting on you to oppose dictatorship.
The Dictator was just voted out. He's playing golf somewhere.
So you are okay with them sending refugees and not good people to our country?
you are the voice of reason. Can you please help #StopDeVos ? Our children is a bipartisan issue. thanks!
thank heavens, an adult in the GOP, someone with integrity, someone that puts country before party. I congratulate you.
Thank you.
you have violated the Logan act. Time to resign.
That's nice. Now how about actually standing up to Trump? Perhaps by voting no on disastrous DeVos pick?
Really? As if our school system is in good hands. She will fix the problems created over past 40 years by liberals
ah just like the times of Caesar. The senate can't stand when the people's champ is winning.
Interesting analogy. Read up on what happened to Rome when populist leaders stood over checks and balances.
Caesar one of the greatest generals that ever lived please keep your dirty mouth out of his legacy.
Was hoping he'd work this out for himself. The decline and fall was signalled by populism.
why are we taking refugees from Australia???????
@ANTONIO47MEX your opinion is no longer relevant old man
ym YOU don't have to stick your nose into DT's talk w/ Australia! LET HIM DO HIS JOB! You are a liberal puppet/change parties
DJT wasn't able to have a conversation with the leader of our very friendly ally. How will he handle China? North Korea?
Why should we accept refugees here that they think threatens THEIR safety and are too dangerous for them to keep! DUMB? YES!
no on DeVos. She's incompetent for the position!! Don't let VP choose her! Please help. I won't bug you again
Sorry Ash I want her badly. Guess you are a teacher in a Public school and a strong Union one too
have we seen enough now?  Will you be the one to save what is left of our democracy?
Sir it would be great if you would stop being naive and getting duped.  It makes you look horrible!! Media uses U as support!
is your support for Soros the reason why???
@MeghanMcCain i
we don't agree on everything but I have a huge amount of respect for you. Please keep speaking up!
You would want over 1500 radical islamists vs. 100's of Central Americans?
They're not radicals. They're refugees. Do some research.
Prove it!
innocent until proven guilty is the foundation of your justice system. You prove it
That's for Americans, not foreigners, how lame can you be?
sorry I am a lame foreigner (thank god).
Try to use upper case "G" when talking about God.  Thank you!
Thanks, Sen. McCain, for reaching out to Aussies: Looks like you're a rare adult among republicans in Congress
looks like he's still a sore  loser...gotta stay in spotlight
Great! Now fight for public schools and children by voting NO to Betsy DeVos!! 9/10 go 2 public school!
stand up to Trump coward
Mc Cain is overstepping his boundaries and is nothing more than a DNC puppet! He is NOT POTUS!
keep at it. we need people with good judgment more than ever.
Don't confuse good judgement with undermining President of US This tactic failed but Mc Cain won't stop
Thank you! I don't agree with you on much, but I appreciate that you're a sane adult.
Getting a lot of praise from the libtards, Johnny boy. From the very ones that didn't or wouldn't vote for you.
At one time, I wld hv considered voting for him. & yr childish name-calling accomplishes nothing.
Thank you, and thank you for all you do. Can you also call @SpeakerRyan and ask him to start the impeachment process. Thanks.
-  we usually don't hold the same ideological view points, but thank you for your willingness to speak out!
If we wanted you call our allies we would've elected you president. @POTUS may be working deals that you don't know about.
why don't we send you to Syria #establishment #rhino
@LeslieMarshall The Republic and Democracy you've dedicated a life to serving is under attack.
/ stop meddling you're not  the  President !!
So now your job is to clean it up when the big baby makes boom-boom? Where is your pride?
the  understands this is unusual. Germany, , The UK, ,   , , will carry the torch until DT is gone.
True. The thinned skin one is not pleased. Who knew this job would be tuff. Seemed fairly smooth 4the past few yrs
BTW your supporters here are all Liberal Democrats. Get it?
you are in part responsible for a lot of our problems including ruining healthcare  because you couldn't mention Bill Ayers
Mind your own business.  You are not President! Trump is! Stick to the Senate duties!
You overstepped. Let POTUS do his job and you do yours
Agreed. That was not McCain's call to make. Sidestepping the President like that is unheard of.
And you support this unfit "so-called" pres.?? Damage is daily occurrence. How much longer? How many lives??
U R once again a disappointment & proved yourself 2 b Democrat in Repub clothing  change parties & let us elect tru Conserv
Thank you @POTUS and his gang are so embarrassing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8JppJyVxYU …
The people did not elect you as President.  Do your job and quit obstructing others. RHINO.
, we don't want someone else's refugees!  We put President Trump in office for a reason!  Who are you to apologize?
where are the sanctions against russia for hacking?is that already forgotten?
WHY don't Australia want these refugees? Has any of you asked? If they have terrorist ties/Another of  Obama's BS deals! 
Thank you, Senator!
You also USED our President to win your seat; get lost; sick of seeing your face and hearing you crap!
Are you know a Dem?  you have been fighting Trump on every item.
How did you let that sleazy con man become POTUS? Shame on you for not supporting Clinton. She's a good woman, you know it.
damage control
welcome to Damage Control. Have fun.
I'm sure the Australian Ambassador was quite reassured. We all know how effective you've been standing up to Trump.
It will be so much easier if you just impeach the freakshow.
shut up. 6 more years of you sucks
#CountryOverParty so proud of your courage
thank you, sir. I don't agree with most of your positions but I thank you for your integrity when it is sorely lacking in WH.
stand up to Trump.  Troll him.  No to his cabinet, release tax info, investigate ties to Russia, protect us, it's your job
maybe now you'll do the right things. I felt you were a traitor when you backed @realDonaldTrump now buyers remorse?
https://twitter.com/trump2016fan/status/827183839168589826 …
Please also tell Trump to stop pissing off our allies.
now do one more honorable thing- vote no on DeVos
like others have said, you can and should do alot more. Your legacy depends on it and more importantly America needs u now.
how long before you all stand up to this man who is taking us to hell
Thanks. There's a lunatic in the white house.  #Impeach #ImpeachAlready #AmericanSOS #StopPresidentBannon
You are not President McCain. Stand down.
very true but President Trump said bad deal no go, when you get an order from the commander in chief you obey it 
your another Soros funded politician. use to hero now traitor, you lost!
Thank you!  Pls stand up to the hypocrisy of the President.  You know how unqualified he is. Please. For our country. Please.
you lost more than once obviously the country trusts @realDonaldTrump to represent them. Get off my lawn old man
Thank you! You're a good man. Can you fix things with China, Mexico and Iran too while you're at it?
Retire please old useless, take with you Senator Graham!
Bla bla bla 
Bannon is sitting in the Oval Office laughing at you!
thank you, sir. We need a voice of reason.
McCain out of line, speaking behind POTUS is at least disrespectful! McCain should stay out of the white house!
THANK YOU..... it's seriously time to invoke #25thAmendment
Thank you for being a voice of reason and diplomacy.
Thank you for above. BUT NOW HE"S TALKIN ABOUT POSSIBLE Military action against IRAN. We are already going to war??
Help us!
Thanks for fixing that issue with Australia.
you were not voted in as President because you can't lead.  And you blame Sarah P. No was you
you are becoming an embarrassment to yourself. Don't end your carreer this way
Thank you sir, but Aust will remain a loyal ally to Americans. You should be more concerned about the loyalty of Trump
we don't want their refugees!!
Then get ahold of your commander and chief.  Why did you get behind him in the first place.  I am so disappointed in you.
TERM LIMITS!! NOT 2 B TRUSTED. Is it your place to call foreign leader assoc and talk smack?
vote Jihi John out AZ. He's a liar as told by the ppl that were n Hanoi wth him. He sold them out Their words
thank you for putting country first!
why does it feel like u have clean up after trump? He's creating enemies around the world. he's a threat to the USA! #Impeach
You have to do POTUS job becuz he's inept? IMPEACH NOW! Enough is enough. Repubs will end up on the wrong side of history.
Thank for calling. I'm sure it helped.
please @SenJohnMcCain please convince others to the GOP that we are on the wrong path
Gerat, but not 1,200 immigrants.

Let the live next door to you in Az
thank you for the words spoken to defend our alliance and friendship. You are welcome here any time.
@MeghanMcCain Good job Johnny now Go back in your cave till needed.
it's not your job, your not the President. you don't make apologies for the President .
Thank God for your sound mind and steady hand in our Congress, Senator. Please save us from Trump.
We need your help to overcome the recklessness that is occurring in the White House.  Thank you for all you do!
#Australia  - Senator: Show your support by moving to Australia.
and what you unwavering support can do? you are nothing...people did not elected President or Vice, you small potato
stop playing President, you lost the WH. Your job is now to support the one we have and more importantly support OUR WILL.
Country over BLOTUS Biggest Liar of the United States Please help set easily baited man to do something Impeachable We NEED U
@MeghanMcCain what about the American people?
go give Trump the beat down he deserves. Please.
You are a bogan
How do you know that the leaked details of Trump's call was true? Stupid
@POTUS poses more of a threat to the USA than Isis. You and Paul Ryan must remove this fascist.
More talk - no action - party line vote every time gives Trump the right to do as he wants - when have you gone against party
as a conservative, I'm begging you- please go away.
TY as an Aust feeling a little uneasy with US we are your allies & its important that your Government knows that
Are you guys being assigned clean up jobs in a weekly or monthly basis ?
Get out of the Senate! We need TERM LIMITS & then we can get a true conservative that will representative Arizona's majority
If you want to stand up to Trump then vote against his nominees
you are our last hope. Plz impeach this madman. #CountryOverParty
The president took care of it you didn't cleaned up anything. Work with him that is your job. You lost for a reason.
You will go down in history as a hero for being one of the first to firmly stand up to the emperor with no clothes.
_friendships, oftentimes, reveals issues that must be faced with focus of resolution. Undermining @POTUS isn't the ANSWER
Soon @realDonaldTrump's messes will be too big for apologies - real action will be required. You'll have my full support then
these "refugees" are criminals they are in prisons there you are as bad as obama!!!
#Resist Thank you Senator McCain. #ThisISNotNormal
stop enabling him, vote no for @BetsyDeVos #MakingAmericaStupid
Good for you. We need more GOP with backbone to POTUS
Good move. That said, what about the rest of the @GOP ? Where are your colleagues on this one?
Did the South Carolina Republicans think that this was insane?
see you took the apology page out of obamas book.
Thank you!
Would the US feel safer if the 5 eyes went down to 4 eyes??
Yes, U run behind the cretinous hairball with a pooper scooper to clean up the "messes" he leaves around the world!
find your people and fight this demon.
Alliance is fine. But we do not want their rubbish on our lawn!!! No deal. Send them to Canada! Standing with @POTUS on this.
Thank you Senator McCain for relaying your message on behalf of loving Americans.  Please lead an opposition to Trump.
please for the love of all that is holy RETIRE!!!!
Did you also call the WH to express the need to keep our demented POTUS off the phone?
Tell them to keep their criminals!  We don't want them!
NBC News reported that you called Australia to apologize. Do not undermine our President. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
