Is the FSA a myth? Is "arming the FSA" just a way for your lobbyist to sell heavy weapons to Al Queda?  @realDonaldTrump

Not in person? #Yellowbelly
my questions:  Are you senile?   Why do you want war with Syria or Russia?
Maralago and $90M bomb drops that accomplish nothing doesn't sound like America first, sounds like tax payer money being flushed for Trump
the attack in Syria saved lives! How do U know? are U there on ground?  We are America and support #Trump
*You* are an *American* and *you* support Trump. If you want to speak for everyone, then run for office.
To what level Senator the US will go 2 clean our region from ISIS and #Iran terror militias that Obama has left u with ?
I am sure he had his hands into forming ISIS
Why from the minute this was reported were you hell bent on Assad did it and not give time to investigate that it was the rebels or base

Trump Confident U.S. Military Strike On Syria Wiped Out Russian Scandal http://www.theonion.com/article/trump-confident-us-military-strike-syria-wiped-out-55722 … via @theonion
Sir, you called the "nuclear option" a dark day in the history of the Senate. Why then did you vote for it?
What Trump did is against USA law He started a war What are you going to do about it & to go nuclear approve Gorsuch a liar & plagiarist
question: When will you ever stop being a stooge for Soros and the globalists 2nd: Why are you such a liar without a conscience
Why don't you advocate for a public option.  Our country would be so much better off.
Why did you vote for the nuclear option when you said it was wrong?
Is it true that trump organization money laundered and information laundered to win the campaign?   Why is the investigation taking so long?
Removing Assad then christian, shias, and all minorities are at risk for genocide and attacks.  What measures taken for them?
U need 2 help America become America again! Putin and Trump are tied 2gether for profitable gains and 2 destabilize the USA 
YOU HAVE 2 ACT
I take it you voted Clinton then research Qaddafi.
Not soon enough but I agree it is time to clean house on both-sides they made millions and we scrape for pennies
U need 2 help America become America again! Putin and Trump are tied 2gether for profitable gains and 2 destabilize the USA 
YOU HAVE 2 ACT
and you are delusional have you even been paying attention, they are all crooked it is time to vote all their asses out
Will you be in AZ this Recess? Please release your schedule.
Will you admit that ALL the rebels are jihadists, they want the western influence removed from Syria and islamic law installed. Do you admit
Have you ever seen a war you don't like? Damn dude America is in enough conflicts already...
Why did you trade your legacy to ruin the court system?
what legacy he is a War hawk just like Hillary
Why can't we have the same options of insurance that you have. If Obamacare is so great why don't you all have it????
Have a live town hall meeting in Arizona. Face your constituents if you are so sure you are working on their behalf. You're a disappointment
Sir; 
The American people NEED the truth! If you love America and are a true Patriot, then found out the truth and act NOW!!
The CIA report is telling. GOP leadership enabled the Russians in there hacking operations! The truth will out! Disappointing and shameful!
Israel 1st traitor @SenJohnMcCain wont respond 2 #USSLiberty survivor @PhilTourney's question in following @Youtube
Question: Since when you became a thief?
You don't "tune-in" to Facebook, John.
Well you may get a war after all supporting DT when he doesn't even have a clue what he's doing and you support him 
No one wants the GOP health package listen to the people
Killer deal by the GOP to get this judge shows a real lack for the American people what you did to Obama was shameful
What happened to the rules of nepotism in the White House GOP don't care disgusting won't even pass a bill for DT taxes
Why suck up to DT when y n he has ties to Russia 
So what do u personally plan to get out of this? You are a liar and a traitor, Songbird!
Why didn't Congress approve attacks Obama wanted to do in 2013 when an even worse chemical attack happened in Damascus & more were killed
Why do you always blab our business on national TV so our enemies will know.?
Why are you such a traitor? Answer that.
As long as you continue to support this madman and his friends Putin and Assad I will consider you a murderer too
I help to campaign for you so u will always be my pick
do you think bombing a parking lot  and hitting a camel in the ass in syria sent a good message? #Warmongers
troops the protections  from prosecuting them in Iraqi courts.
u lied on cnn. The reason we left no troops in Iraq was because they would not give our
Are you still sucking Graham or has his ED caused the relationship to end?
To me, you were a hero into you kiss that Man Ass over and over again.
Why do you keep backing a president who insults you,called you names, and say you're not a hero?
Why are you such a 2-faced sleazebag?
Sir. Do you get an errection now that another chance at war seems to be in arms reach?
#complicit #incompetent #WarCrimes #traitor #Russia
So recess starts today. When is the townhall in Phoenix going to be
What a great idea??? Like I said Illinois loves you, come home john
The missile strike on  Syria was staged by Putin and Trumpo the Clown and you know it Senator. All to divert attention away from Trumpgate
Do you still remember the date and time you sold out? It was long ago... RINO.
Jesse Acosta is a decorated war hero. He is blind from an explosive and has lost many benefits. Can you help him?
"trump took action unlike Obama"? against Assad Obama asked Congress twice, YOU & GOP VOTED NO TWICE! HYPOCRITE
Host a real meeting. Facebook is NOT a live, face-to-face meeting.
Why not even discuss w/Obama what you're praising trump 4doing.  ps how much do we owe trump 4rm&bd from this wknd.He make  every trip down
You said "nuclear option" was idiotic. Then you voted for it. 

Why did you lie?
Why? You'll only lie and support a traitor. You don't care about people anymore John. You've brought shame to those who came before.
How much money did Russia give you for your election before you had to beg them from more
Please sir, no tax reform till he releases his tax returns. How can you know what loop holes to eliminate and a fair system needs.
You're avoiding face to face town halls too?  I thought better of you.
Can Congress hold session & review CT Compromise of 1787 & meaning of "necessity to compromise" as CRITICAL to  preservation of democracy?
America before party vote for America not party
How can we get rid of the illegitimate SCOTUS insert sitting in a #stolenseat?
Why did you say the airstrikes are constitutional?
Does @realDonaldTrump have the authority to attack Syria?
Is it only me, Senator McCain, who sees the similarity between Dorian Grey (in the movie) and Jared Kushner? A chuckle for your day. :)
@SenJohnMcCain U are selling a #Fakebook TownHall;we know what it is. P.S. There's a movement called the resistance; we stand AZIndivisible.
Q: Where was your concern regarding the  "importance of having a full complement of justices on the Supreme Court" when u blocked #Garland?
I'm having a voluntary root canal.
Nepotism. Please discuss why no one is calling foul on this.
Read FB town hall posts. Many expressed exactly what I've thought. A sad day when u KNOW its wrong & do it anyway. Shame on u
Well, that was a joke of a "town hall."
Will you tear up about the end of the senate good old days  bipartisanship as you once knew it, while voting to end it?
Bombing Syria huge win for radical islam...
How are you going to help Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid?
Your fake outrage over the senate rules change did not fool any of us.  You are a disapointment to our state.
I think the ppl are finally realizing ur a hypocrite.  Voting to end democracy w/ nuclear option & supporting Trump who has ties with Putin.
Will tax reform have bipartisan support in the Senate? Will your party ignore fillibuster then as well?
How could you support the nuclear option on Gorsuch with his appalling record on unions, corporations, the wealthy, women's rights? #nofaith
When are you retiring from the Senate?
Do u feel bad abt suppressing the will of the Amer. people? 1st w/ Garland, now with Gorsuch? It's not just the Dems in Congress u screwed.
What was the point of the Syrian Strikes when airstrips still operable? Why was Assad notified prior to attack?
#Trumprussia #Trumprussia #Trumprussia
What is likelihood Putin was in on the strike to distract from Russia ptobe?
*probe
If it wasn't asad,what do you think you're doing?
How can Syrian action be wrong with Pres Obama + fine with 45?
My thought exactly anything DT wants GOP goes along sucking up to him
Trump drops $90M tax payer money to help Russian oil prices but we can't afford healthcare for everyone
America healthcare has been in the dumps for years! Don't blame existing failures on #Trump! Dems having bad day!

the. Shaitat airebase back to work again your strike is costing lot but not effective  losing money for nothing
As an American I feel needs of the citizens of our country should "trump" party loyalty what can be done for both parties to work together?

.@GregJaffe on why the risks of widening the Syria conflict are much greater now than when Obama considered strikes. http://wapo.st/2o2wP16 
Donald Trump and US Congress: Making us safer by making more people hate us everywhere.  Feeling safer already.
Why do you condemn AND THEN vote for things that undermine our democracy, strip rights/protections from the American people?
Stupid idiot meet #MitchMcConell, chief stupid idiot.
You're all puppets of dark Lord Rothschild.  Traitors of the American people!!! we don't want World War III!!!#nosyriawar
Here's a question: Do you really think our military, comanded by El Presidente Trump, is less of a threat to the Syrian people?  Really?!
Best way for Trump to get McCain's support is to fire missiles / drop bombs somewhere!
can we help you find your moral compass?
Thanks... My question will be WHY??? Did you not realize how this would affect system from this one forward?
do you still believe In a free America and the constitution or only in toeing the party line and aiding 45s treason
Here is a question: Isn't it about time for you to RETIRE? TERM LIMITS!
Why?
Why, if "no child should have to face this horror", are we trying to ban properly vetted Syrian refugees from entering the US?
Why is Congress rolling over and accepting unconstitutional actions by Trump? #syriastrike was act of a dictator.
I think I'll knit myself a sweater for this summer.
Should we address Gorsuch as SCROTUS or Chief Justice Bags?  Just kidding. My real question is... How could you???
How will you stop the majority abusing power as they did with the Supreme C? How will you stop revenge abuse  in 2018?
where did you lose your honor and love for the constitution you are aiding in treason
2/2 In light of President Trump's words, why is Bashar al-Assad not the most wanted man in the world, hiding in a spider hole? #PrayForSyria
Why RU afraid of Trump not pressing forward full Russian election interference investigation? UR all talk zero action John. Explain yourself
What is the Trump strategy in Syria? Do you think it's right he attacked Syria without one? Do u really think this will stop Assad?
When will the #kremlinklan be brought up on charges for collusion then and now?
y r u ok with SCOTUS pick of POTUS under FBI criminal investigation for attacking our democracy?
Do you fully support our President?
R U sure DT didn't order up a Chemical attack on the Syrian people 2 get the focus off of Russia? Russians on base. GOP is aiding & abetting
John thank you. Reports say the missiles did little damage pot holes airfield is still intact. How did 50 + missiles do such little damage?
wait I can answer that staged to make it look like trump was against Assad and Putin WRONG ! he just wants the russia thing to go away
Huge sham to improve poll numbers and divert media from discussing Russian/Trump connection. disgusting and illegal display by Trump
Why not in person? Here's my question- Russia?
don't forget about Russia troubles whilst basking in the glow of airstrikes and gorsuch
Why didn't US conduct airstrikes v Syria in 2013, after 1st chemical warfare that killed 1,400+, as @BarackObama requested?
Is it plausible that Assad didn't do it, and we just weakened his resistance against ISIS?
How will you ensure that the new majority rule will not be abused by your colleagues in the Senate?
Should we apologize to Japan for US response to Pearl given your position that our recent Syria strikes were not Act of War? #warispeace
Q: What was the point of last night pointless raid that succeeded in nothing?
1/2 Pres. Trump said "Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children” and 
“No child of God should ever suffer such horror."
RETIRE
Can you tell me what your response is to @AFP reports that Syrian gov knew of strike in advance and why that might matter? Thank you!
What is Congress prepared to do about @POTUS notifying #Russia and not notifying #Congress about the #syriaattack? Violated War Powers Res?
Q: Do You support a plutocratic take over of the US Republic?
Q: What did Bush admin do to change you?
A shameful day when our lawmakers change the rules instead of abiding by them, disregarding the very reason our country is great: its laws.
Have you ever read Federalist Papers 10 and 51?
Make the VA place MD information on Rx hard copies so pharmacies know what doctor wrote the prescription. Also fax number for MD.
Q: why did you discard your campaign finance principles?
I am curious about the Russian ships headed towards the US Navy.
#Russia Obama is no longer in charge.... Better act accordingly.
