Clear from confusion at airports across nation that @POTUS's exec order was not properly vetted - such a hasty process risks harmful results
Ultimately fear this exec order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism
EO sends signal, intended or not, that US doesn't want Muslims here- fear it may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve security
Full statement w/ @LindseyGrahamSC on @POTUS's executive order on immigration: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=587F2A2D-8A47-48F7-9045-CF30F0A77889 …
Hypocrite John...
FLASHBACK: McCain Once Said ISIS Was Telling Terrorists To Embed With Refugee Flow [VIDEO] http://trib.al/MQIk5IB  
It's never too late to do the right thing!
you are smart cannot possibly believe the exec order was designed for anything but chaos // shame on you
What about the rule of law are court orders being ignored did the white house ordered it,
Do we have the rule of law or is custom Trumps SS,stormtroopers
All tweets and no actions!
#trump doesn't like bc u make sense &stand up to him. Pls, Support your country, help your people #ImpeachmenSoon
what like how you have done so for the last 100 yrs! Term limits please Mr. Trump
Thank you from a Democrat for your patriotism.
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Agree. Unreasonable to ban immigrants from these 7 countries. No deaths on US soil from these 7 & no Trump businesses there
If you believe that, then dammit do something about it. Stand up.
du

Republicans cower before criticism from the Democrats and the press. Trump seems to revel in it. Republicans pay attention. Act like winners
Part of the propaganda machine now John? Trump a man of action, you had all the time you needed to fix immigration issues!
Thank you for standing up for our party
Thank you. Now please vote against Tillerson. We need you to be a voice of reason right now. Please.
It will only get worse.  Impeach him NOW.
I agree with the TEMPORARY BAN let's make Americans safe. The radicals already hate us and are vile. #noSharia
Then as my AZ Senator, I will ask that you do the right thing in Washington and put a stop this injustice sir. Country first!
As fellow countrymen we have a moral and ethical obligation to protect these refugees from persecution and genocide!
Thank you Sir. I'm not an R but appreciate your integrity and honor. 2 things we are rapidly losing.
This McCain is the biggest empty drum there is...tweets studd. Lets see what you actually do. My bet - nothing. #MUSLIMBAN
We are with you. I am sure there are other sane Rep in Congress. Please form a coalition and take steps America needs.
Not strong enough. Counting on you, sir, to be a hero for your country again.

Trump is POTUS. You and Graham are tiring sore losers. Wise up. Americans support Trump's actions!
Call it what it is...fear mongering. As a decent, intelligent GOP, you need to speak out quickly.
@jimsciutto So what are you saying John McCain? The terrorists that hurt us were from Saudi Arabia and Egypt. None from these
thank you for standing up for us
You're a Senator. Stop tweeting and work 16 hour days thwarting Trump at every turn or you're failing America.
@POTUS Instead of whining, you should have come up with solutions.  We not safe!  Our loved ones are dying of drug overdoses.
please stop with the rhetoric & take action, Your republican president Bannon did! Congress has become so week, no courage
What's decent & exceptional about US is we elected @realDonaldTrump . He gets it.  #MAGA
@NormEisen Not strong enough! This ain't a time for tip toeing! #Resist
@adriangrenier #Trump already handled what You politicians couldn't. It's over. Done deal, now go thank Trump
Thank you Senator, please continue to be the calm and rational voice we need in this moment.
MSNBC just confirmed that O list Reps used as basis for EO really list of countries dangerousTO VISIT@the time
.@SenJohnMcCain Until you face trial for your admitted treason as a #Vietnam #POW, nothing you say matters! #Veterans
what's your source on McCain's treason?  Breitbart or the Ministry of Truth?  I get that you have a PhD.  So do I.
.@EleanoreAqutai1 1) His fellow #POW’s. 2) His verbal admission of his crimes to US News and Reports which published his account.
yeah shoulda told that to Obama with his catch and release. Countless murders from illegals. When will u ppl get it.
You have tried for years to pass immigration reform. I appreciate that.
@jimsciutto See @CoryBooker for the real way to stand up to this fascist. Your turn Sen McCain.
please save us from World War III .....
Republicans with morals the new administration is sorely lacking decency. He is unstable. Go with your gut.
Please keep being the voice of reason. Thank you.
from a liberal dem: thank u SO MUCH for this! Haven't always agreed with u but Always respected u and now more than ever
NO SWORN ENEMY ON US SOIL. NO enemy making my laws, you included, or living next door.
time to retire old fart.... I hate your, George Bush Sr & jr, obama, Clinton policies
I philosophically disagree with some of your proposals, but I appreciate that you are a man of conscience.
.@SenJohnMcCain @NasimMyers You mean like during the OBAMA years, Senator?
You and your political cronies are making this country less safe. Would vote to boot you out if I lived in your state
I have seen your lies,I live in AZ and I remember the ad, stronger borders but now you are against the TEMP ban u are sick.
why don't you meet with your voters and find out what we want instead of your agenda
You don't have a clue about "decent".Decent doesn't mimic a handicapped person. Decent isn't disgusting rhetoric about women.
so you are for building walls to protect our country? Good for you!!
@realDonaldTrump JM.. spoken like a true politician
you are a remarkable man. Keep standing up for what's right 
I regretted to support you when running Presidency, so shameless of you! Trump was right you are not a hero after all!
Thank you for standing up for our troops in harm's way and American values!
A beauty queen that has more brains than @SenJohnMcCain https://twitter.com/immigrant4trump/status/825944168803483649 … #BatteryPark #ThankYouTrump #America1st #NRA #draintheswamp
You want these animals here @SenJohnMcCain ? @immigrant4trump #chuckschumer #ThankYouTrump #America1st #BatteryPark https://www.youtube.com/embed/uZnElkJpv0Q …
He can go back to defrauding his building contractors and all other who are foolish enough to do business with him!
get yer head outta yer 4th point of contact! #BatteryPark #ThankYouTrump #America1st @POTUS #MAGA
God bless you for speaking out. As a Vietnam vet I am concerned we are no longer the good Guys #resist #StopPresidentBannon
Has to be lots of teamwork to craft a collective view...not EO driven.  Legislative branch must take con.
"What's decent" sure doesn't include you, graham, schumer, etc. Why cant u guys quit fighting POTUS constantly? Soros money? #NeedAHeroSoSad
Hi refugees,  John will leave his front door open in solidarity with you.   Come on in.  All are welcome. No questions ask.
Don't TALK about it!! 
BE about it!!
#STANDUP
#WeAreWatching
Yeah generally that's referred to as "common knowledge". Don't be so wimpy as you criticize him! Call him what he is

you have become a Democrat time for you to leave
Thank you Senator. You are a true American patriot.
and President Trump is doing that. To stand against him is Treason.
Please Impeach this idiot!  He's profiting from his position and ripping our values to shreds.  What do we need to do??
What crazy times we live in!!..
#McCain taking the moral high ground & lecturing #Trump!
When is your recall election? Keep thumbing your nose to Arizonians.
Oh, that moron Trump, he didn't know that the best way to defend US is to bomb Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, right?
.@SenJohnMcCain it is up to you and @LindseyGrahamSC to be the strong voices of reason against Trump. We need you!
So when exactly did you come up with all of the answers?
with AG gone who's handling FISA warrants? better not be bannon or sessions.
then DO SOMETHING. You helped cause this. OWN IT and get busy.
look where all your ridiculous attempts to not be controversial have got you, a liberal champion. Be American/Not politician!
Pass Laws to fine the People/Corporations that hire these Illegal Workers that cross the Border. No Jobs No reason to be here
I'm thinking your not going to get voted in next time. Well unless the Dems vote you in.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE WHITE HOUSE WEB PAGE. BANNON A PART OF THE NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL!!!!! REALLY!
if you can't make tough decisions you can't lead. Wake up. smh
Shut up about the ban. Support Trump. You are out of touch with Americans.
This was one of McCain's more lucid moments. When he's on his game, he is on it totally!  When not, really not.
It would be prudent to clearly understand where Rex Tillerson stands on the Travel Ban Executive Order.
Retire
get behind our potus45
Stand up for us who vote for u to stop the insanity of un thought out plans. 20% increase taxing Mexican products HURTS AZ.
WHERE IS THE REST OF THE GOP????
@seanhannity What is  wrong with screening out terrorists? I'm done voting if the country is going to be ran by mob rules. BS
Save our Democracy
For gods sake get the madmen out of the WH asap.
any so called representative of the people does not take 7 figures from Saudi Arabia #RecuseYourself #MAGA #sellout
thank you for being a true patriot. We are counting on you.
You have a responsibility to our nation's children. Vote NO For Devos
,,,, do something
Thank you for a voice of reason!  You are always stepping up and we appreciate you more than ever!
Exectionalism, YES! I'm all for it Senator, specially when we are exempt from taking in TERRORISTS
Don't you think it is time for you to retire? Stop being obstructionist of POTUS
Why didnt CONgress hold dishonest Ob, the commander in Fraud, accountable for letting US be invaded by illegals & refugees???
Are we safer when the president fires the attorney general for knowing the law?
yes it has been your job for decades....you just didn't show up to do the job! #MAGA #BuildTheWall
God bless. Republican men and women who put country before party will be remembered by history as heroes. Deservedly.
Please look into the possibility of impeaching Trump. A Republican President we will have but it need not be Trump!
yeah well where have you been for the last 30 years of the invasion of the illegals coming in,you say whatever to get in sad.
everything you have ever stood for is on the line here. What are you going to do to hold Trump accountable?
please lead the charge against this madness.it is changing our country for the worse, by the minute.don't let this be legacy
I have voted for you in every election-including the presidency. Basic UCMJ, sir!  You took an oath, he is your Cmdr in Chief
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your leadership on this issue! #NoMuslimBan
Our gov't has responsibility to defend borders, but must do so in way that makes us safer & upholds all that's decent & exceptional about US
so you and the Senate Republicans will vote on Schumer's bill to block the EO then, right?
Bravo, Senator!
I sure wish more republicans would speak out like this. Thank goodness you & L. Graham have more guts than the rest.
Respect.
So, the problem w Trump is that he put this ban in place too hastily? Or is it rotten to its core, as it looks to me?
The latter. The former is “merely” an aggravating circumstance.
How do we trust you if you let the most unqualified DeVos get confirmed?
agreed and thank you for being one of the courageous few to speak openly and decisively against this EO
@LindseyGrahamSC well #trump is acting #ag so remember that what  #JeffSessions vote "self inflicted wound" #NewsOneNow
did it bother anyone when Obama did it in 2011? Or where did DT get the list of hotbeds? From O?
Traitor
@nereid50 I stand by Trump's decisions.
Too little too late. Thanks Sen. for validating Sarah Palin's  crazy talk thus making Trump's insanity seem mainstream.
unfortunately  mr mccain,you al new the gun was loaded,now reap what you as for
I want the boarder secure and felons out of our state the Hispanic gangs have destroyed Tucson
We are worried about refugees who aren't here. Do we care about our veterans who are here and are homeless? #vetsmatter.
I'll take that statement seriously when you defend our borders by holding accountable those responsible for our Russian coup.
thank you
@katieeejay22 you need to get some balls McCain stand up the Trump
@BadASSSery thank you for standing up for what's right!
@AprilFDoss Too late for @GOP to start addressing this! #StandUp don't wimp out! #Trump irreparable damage to #USA! #Impeach
the outnumbered has to let go of your daughter there, they cannot talk about your being a Rhino in the program!
Can you  differentiate a KKK member from the @GOP ???
Weak response to disgusting display of corrupt power. Be clear, be specific, be a leader.
Thank you, Senator McCain. Thank you for standing up for the America all the dreams are about.
@adriangrenier yeah but you knew he was ...should have a backed HRC ..country before party
your time is over when the Cold War ended go out like a man not as a woman you let illegals take over your state
How can you be silent while Steve Bannon is put on NSC. GOP is failing USA Country before party #resist
Stop obstructing!

well I agree with John McCain and now i have to remember that DT does not speak for all republicans.
Too bad you'll just fall in line with the other moronic GOP. It's what you do!
Nothing wrong with temp ban. Only ones incited by this ban r liberals n old guard republians like you, my friend. yes I vote
When are you going to put on your vagina costume?
Republican Party can't stop this chaos?
@elegantcoretta Repeal 8 USC1182(f)
Senator McCain, if you viewpoint is so valid, what have you done in the years as a Senator to make this country safer?
Thank you for being a voice of reason in your party . You are a true American hero, still fighting for what's right!
Thank you for your leadership!  America's future is dependent on you and other lawmakers doing the right thing!
it's a pity that only you and just a few more R's are speaking their minds. Sanity is badly needed to replace the madness
No one disagrees. Nothing in the EO goes against this principle. Try and focus on something important to the American people.
@Rebel42017 A Wall funded by Taxpayers will not stop Bad people from getting through It will only raise Poor & Middle Taxes
First I'm retweeting @LindseyGrahamSC and now @SenJohnMcCain. What kind of bizarro world is this?? What is going on here?
nice words
Please retire and let President Trump do his job! Can U say term limits? We really need them because of people like you!!!!
Stop the whining. Trump is moving fast. Give him a chance.
thank you for your service and bravery.
well said. Don't back down,  Senator McCain.
what the hell are you going to stop the madness with McConnel and Ryan are treasoness and in it up to their eyeballs
Thank you for standing up and speaking against the ban! Say No to Ban and No to Wall! -AZ voter.
admittedly, I am a Democrat but more so I am an American.Trump and Bannon are going to destroy everything
bla bla bla..  go to jail!!!  Please!!!
Please stop Trump and Bannon from undermining US standing abroad & civil liberties here at home.  This is not usual politics
.@SenJohnMcCain It's simple amazing that the only support you get on twitter is from liberals. Why do you think that is?
U FAIL! every election U make false promises to AZ & do NOTHING about R border THANKS 4 helping Elect @realDonaldTrump
