Lying to your voters again, John. Coal isn't coming back. We all know it. And thanks for selling my internet privacy rights away for profit.
Obama sold your privacy and he took your taxe money to pay 36 ml $$$ to hide his personal record
hahaha!
will u further elaborate. I lived in Sahuarita next to the copper mines. After leveling mountains promising to not effect water source, air
dust storms from mines burned our eyes and lungs-a sad attempt to plant trees to battle dust was never sucessful.  http://dontwastearizona.org/rosemount708.php …
Pima county water reserve was contamanated by mine. We watched 2013 a CANADIAN owned mine begin mining another mountain. Promising not to
you stand behind our environment being destroyed.  You are a worthless person if you think this is good.
Corporate profits are NOT more important than the longevity of our environment. Short sighted and dangerous! Sad!
I'm disappointed to hear that, I'm for energy independence but we need to look forward, America needs to lead not look back
the guy is a likely russian pawn, McCain. Dont pat him on the back. Impeach him
what? You mean Podesta or Clinton.. right?
#SureJan
I'm sorry you support the exec order, Senator. Energy independence is good, but not this way. Not even close.
So profit is more important than the environment?
Thanks for killing the planet for me and my kids generation.
I did not expect you to applaud on rolling back environmental protection. It is health before wealth.
Buffalo Creek 1972. Martin County 2000. Fields Creek 2014. Does no one remember these coal disasters?? #Fool
look at all the desaster of poverty much more impressive
Your point is? More jobs in clean energy. This isn't the 19th century.
Are you kidding me?! Time to read up on scientific facts, Senator. I've just lost all respect for you. #ClimateChangeIsReal
wow eating your own when it fits your wimp what will it be tomorrow?
Wow, learn some English, Russian bot, if you actually want people to take you seriously.
As an AZ voter, I am appalled at the world you want to leave to our descendants! Shame on you!
as an AZ native so proud I voted for Obama over you.
so disappointed in you! Climate change is real.  We will eat other countries' dust, morally & economically, for denying it.
Republicans would rather legislate the female genitalia than environmental abuses. #Sad.
Well, eliminating the EPA is WRONG!
U so  playing both sides u slimy talker.
good, and now China really seems the smarter one, the only one defending our planet
where do you live? China lived on coals
Yep, but it's improving renewable energy and is committed to comply #Cop21 objectives. Seems US are going back to XX (XIX?) century now
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS And the environment is not important? I like you JM but we can't drink or breathe money.
what is the GOP plan to address climate change? Ignore science and hope it just works out?
John you are one person I respect but you take profit before fellow Americans, that's sickening. Why support Trump?
Remember when you were a maverick? A guy we all looked up to? Now it's applause for screwing over the planet. Sad!
No planet, no market!
what about the irrevocable harm archaic energy resources are inflicting on the ENTIRE planet???
You have disappointed many, Senator. Coal is the past, much like many of Trump's ideas.
Sometimes you're right, other times you are so wrong. Clean energy is the future. America will be sick and left behind
but 45 and his buddies will be richer than ever!  At our expense...
you need to join the Democratic Party, because you're definitely not with us and the Republican Party
what! mccain
history will judge the climate deniers harshly. Your support of this measure disgusts me. #AZ needs alternative energy

Delete "& consumers" from that tweet. This was all about profit. Not about protecting consumers or citizens.
what about #PlanetEarth tho? #sad
traitor McCain you never say anything good about POTUS what is your agenda
It wasnt only the enviroment those laws were protecting, it was also the peoples health.
. Resign old man.
There's no such thing as clean coal. Help companies move to clean renewables. You've set us back A CENTURY. $ kills
shame on McCain, supports treasonous so called President
there you go again supporting the traitor, so u are ok with destroying God's Green Earth #sad
you mean allowing fossil fuel to pollute environment #shame
nothing dumber than a bunch of 70+ white guys that dont understand science.
Why? I would like to hear a sound argument for the exec order and against the Paris Accord. GOP sounds evil and blind.
Since POTUS loves Russia why don't we buy coal from them. Let them kill their own country.
what do you care anyways, right? you will die old age before they get around to polluting our H20 and air. SELL OUT
please retire
the way you fall in line and support this joke of an administration is a disgrace.  Vote McCain out!
Nor is this a good thing @POTUS is moving us back in time. More jobs in renewable energy
this is not a good thing @POTUS
#cleancole? Clean energy is the future. Not nasty sandy oil or coal. Follow the money!
Senator please read the other comments and reconsider your support of this poor decision. Our POTUS is clueless
you would
If you are applaud, I would guess that I am entirely in favor of it. Completely in favor of rolling back regulations.
Really, McCain? You know this is a meaningless action to distract us (AND YOU) from the Russian intereference. Don't be fooled.
not at all concerned about your grandchildren getting poisoned??
I voted for you in 2008 and  glad you lost if you think this way.
This only hurts us. Coal isn't coming back. You're an opportunist like them all. Lining your pockets is ultimate goal.
I love how people who likely won't be alive in 10 years don't need to care about the need to breath clean air.
You know damn well that nothing POTUS does is going to aid renewable energy sources.
This order doesn't promote renewables, but rather keeps pollution creating forms of energy as our main source.
The POTUS makes another bad decision. Protecting the environment should supersede the greed of the GOP.
Just a small handful of FOOLS believe bringing coal back is smart. You and Trump among them. Some hero.
I couldn't disagree more, whenever regulations are rolled back the American people lose
#AZ I'm not from your part of the world, but isn't Arizona just about ideal for #solar?
are you crazy and go back to contaminating our lands and water what are you smoking
you know Chump is a boob John but you have more common sense than that. Clean air and clean water matter.
what about harming the environment. You can't breath in a business. You can't drink clean business. Think!!!!
So you don't mind smoggy skies and asthmatic children??
short term thinking. but after all, you are dead in a few years anyway 
i'm proud of you that you could see that
what the hell is wrong with you? How much big oil $ has filled your campaign coffers? Dead streams, land, kids #bought
killing the whole world to save wealth of a few rich Americans is a crime
Senator McCain.  I thought you were better than this.
So glad it'll help AZ. Too bad it harms the world's environment, water, air and temperature. Hope price is worth it.
as long as big business is happy who care that you are killing the  you have grandchildren don't you care about them?
@jeffflake

Legacy- you might think about that.
You are being seen as venal spoilers
Your own descendants will suffer
Coal is dead-  it cannot compete with other forms of energy
Dangerous mines & The health effects remain for years
Et tu Brute?
You're on the wrong side of history on this one.  We need to be leading in clean energy, not go back to dirty ways.
rollback climate change. Next gen will remember...
I applaud you and Graham until you cave under party pressure.hate this 2 pty system. We need a new process that works!
that's ticket
clean energy brings 3 times as many jobs as coal
coal is dead. You should be finding new jobs and training those people for alt energy.
Our recent study shows rising temperatures are likely to have major impacts on #Arizona agriculture
we were on our way to energy independence! It's called clean energy. The US was in plc to lead 4 the next 50yrs!
no.  Seriously McCain?
shame on you
Is this just anti Obama or is there real reasons for supporting this?
fossil fuel just got payback for $$$ donated to DY & GOP
Thank you Senator! Stand up for coal miners, workers, small businesses and large companies alike! #energyindependence
@JeffFlake #WRONG The benefits of clean, water, air, & land far outweigh small benefit business get polluting.
Save it Mr McCain. You and your buddy  Graham are  the most untrustworthy men in America
Do you understand climate change? It's already happening and harming Americans. Clean energy=more jobs and healthier America
RIGHT,  polute the beautiful state of Az. Because u don't have the balls to stand up to the  #traitortrump in the WH
please stand for country as u did many yrs ago. independent investigation & challenge POTUS..you are a hero!
as a coal country family coal has been declining for 30 yrs. it is not coming back.  False narrative regs not a killer
Good thing you are old and won't see the earth destroyed - but what about your children and/or grandchildren.
I hope you all choke on the smog or get the squirts from the water.
U applaud this?? A role of govt is to protect citizens fm excesses of amoral busn greed. Gr Cyn views important 4 AZ tourism.
Disappointing, Senator.
I respect you generally as a man of integrity but, this is disappointing & shortsighted. My family & me in AZ deserve better.
Are saying money is more important than clean air and the the earth imploding? I expected more from you.
So disappointed in your view what's your view on our government being taken over ppl r counting on you
By neglecting Clean Renewable energy and turning this planet into toxic wasteland asap? #RESISTANCE
shame on you both.  I expected better, Senator.
Johnny gets one right for once
Guess you don't think climate change hurts consumers. Or that passive energy is where we need to invest. #coalisdead
Arizona would be the best place to develop better, SOLAR energy... start with SRP blocking homeowners from solar
@jsftennis @POTUS and we thought you'd be the one who'd speak out against this atrocity and MANY others. Shameful acts of 45
Why'd you tag me? I don't really care but I'm confused how you even know my handle.
what damage this will do to the planet is of no concern for you. The damage will be done and us old farts will be dead
Seriously? Shame on sir! Renewables the way to energy independence not this harmful order
Booo
BULLSHIT u r KILLING our air, water, environment! U work 4AMERICANS not just for $$$$$$$ Corporations! STOP killing us
Tax Revolt! #resist #RESISTANCE
" harming business " really?  How about harming our earth, our health, our survival?
John, really???!!! What about our grandchildren and their children being harmed?
How can you applaud someone who insulted your POW status? A man who never served a day in a uniform?
So you r a climate change denier now? U remember what your pandering to Donald Trump got us last time?
See it can work nicely to work WITH OUR NEW PRESIDENT! @realDonaldTrump cares about the people of the USA/others too!
also it's so great 4 someone to finally say fuck the environment & fuck the people of America. Who needs clean water?
alright your still with us...wonder about you sometimes sir.
I disagree senator.   #coalisdead and will not bring back jobs.  Move to the future.  #solar should work in #Arizona
you don't care about the environment? Climate change is a reality what is wrong with your party stop putting biz 1st
you are TOO OLD TO BE AFFECTED BY THIS
I am dissappointed in you Mr. McCain.We are already energy indiependent. We need to move toward clean energy,not away.
Booooo! 
such a mistake and so short sighted
Because why worry about the environment for the rest of us. You'll both be gone, so who cares, right?
I don't.
We're The Grand Canyon State.The environment is pretty important.  @SenJohnMcCain
Et.Tu Brute?
really John ? You are smarter than this
We've come to expect more from you, Senator. Please rethink your position. Before it's too late for our planet.
Oh now you like him uh? you missed Trump Train buddy it left the station along time ago!
sure, who needs clean air or water?!?!
3/ And if you're a real Republican, support the Carbon Dividend proposal.
2/ for real energy independence, increase auto mileage standards and promote clean power. Coal dying regardless.
Not supporting climate hoax.
What ? A positive comment on something our pres did??? Must be the geritol...
1/ @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Today the US is essentially  energy-independent. In the Elec sector, it is.  So gutting I CPP won't change things
In shock, McCain supports POTUS.  How does your bff, Sorors, feel about you doing that?
yes God bless our President
And just when I was starting to like you.
I said nice things about you yesterday Mr. McCain and now I regret it.
jobs won't matter if there no planet
typical republican response money over environment, following in Russia's footsteps of destroying their country.
@senatorjohnmccain you are so anti American song bird you need to sing new tune
Very disappointed.
rolling back protecting our environment, shameful! Putting corporations above people! clean energy is our future
I'm disgusted with the disrespect to our environment, our one and only home. Sincerely, an AZ resident
harming consumers ? not. you are really wrong and will be responsible for killing people.
tell me how coal is energizing the world? It would have been better training them in clean energy jobs
Profoundly disappointed that you support this.
no need to worry about climate change in Arizona. Plenty of water there in Phoenix.  How's the snowpack in Flagstaff?
you are wrong on this. The world doesn't need this kind of thinking anymore.
#TermLimits should be the next executive order. America is sick of #careerpoliticians. Retire! #corrupt #oligarch
Very disappointed and shocked by your support of roll back that disregards environmental concerns!
I applaud your stance on Russia, but this makes me profoundly sad.  Let's have independence without needlessly poisoning us.
just when I think you make so much sense...then this... #coalisdead #retrainforthefuture
Would you rather harm people than business? Doesn't seem right to me. People before Profits John. Always!
wow you said something nice about trump. Now go after democrats and get his back, you guys need to stick together!
big oil back in power. American children lose their planet. I guess money talks more
let's not place profit before sound environment stewardship.
let's  read beyond the headline. Yes energy  independence is good, but not as this exec order is written.
Can you hear your constituents? They're talking to you, sir. They don't approve.
Shame on you, Senator McCain. Thanks for contributing to the advancement climate change - which you know is REAL!
you are ruining this country for your grandchildren. Shame!
Mr McCain, you seem like a nice bloke but you come across as a bit thick, sorry for pointing that out, all the best.
surly this is tongue in cheek as greater good of AZ, USA, world and mankind is clean energy
do you applaud the lies from Trump about Russia; if you support this you're on the wrong side@ Independent investigation!!!!
Senator I know u are concerned about nat'l security. Global warming is  a huge threat to world peace, pls reconsider!
John your not hearing the people You of all people should what clean water an air. remember P.O.W.
not me!
Why do you applaud killing our planet? #saveourplanet
well then u and @realDonaldTrump should drag themselves into a coal mine and rott.
so we should protect business, but nothing else? We will pay negatively for this one with our health and well being
Your support of this EO is disappointing. It's not good for AZ!
You rich old ppl don't give a rat's ass about our planet. We will all be dying off soon, but don't you care about kids
Look at the comments. You obviously are out of touch with your constituents. Time for you to retire.
finally u had good word for trump, thank you
