HE IS AN AMERICAN HERO'S HERO.
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS A PROBLEM BUT A FENCE ISN'T GOING TO KEEP OUR COUNTRY FROM THE PROBLEM.
You know if Trump backs a bill against human trafficking you will vote against it. You are against Trump more than for Americans & its sick!
Yea I am sure it makes things tough when you can't count on the information your given being accurate or truthful. We know how this feels...
The stats we do have are staggering.Lack of historical concern from both tribal and local-federal law enforcement has contibuted greatly.
Good to see someone staying on the subject ! I hope we get more people to our people all over the nation 
I fully agree. The tribes are ignored or abused by tribal police as well as outside law enforcement....until it's time to incarcerate.
I hope one day we will see an improvement of the way our people are treated & some justice for the women & children being put through this 
Like when we were told by your husband over 100 times he would repeal and replace if we elected him. Not accurate!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
RESTHOME OR GITMO... take your choice Traitor RINO!
They need a believable spokesman. Not this one
You need to get lost forever 
ICYMI: incompetent jaded leaders with an agenda are allowing homeless veterans to Die. Healthcare is a disaster, blood is on your hands. FYI
One thing I used to like about Conservatives was their consistent respect for veterans. Based on the comments here I guess that's done.
Sorry, but don't  put much stock in what you say anymore simce you perpetuated the lies of OC on us.
Indian Country?  are you a racist Senator
Wake up Peeps! We have human traffickers right here in the USA! We have saved a lot of girls here in Los Angeles! Get it together Peeps!
Vote out this fraud
Your part of the problem @SenJohnMcCain your enticement of illegals to US breeds human human-trafficking
Especially the human trafficking across your border in Arizona, unlimited access for drug cartels, coyotes & their victims, and terrorists.
#Support_Kurdistan
Supporting the Kurds every day my friend. Such a great people.
I agree with you!
Love you from Dubai
Why the special emphasis on Indian country? Thought this country was America. Did daddy schumer tell you to use identity politics?
You are a Traitor
Go Senator
Yes please .... GOOOOOO! To GITMO
Ur killing us quit your post
We need the truth about USS Forrestal incident . The so call accident involving John McCain resulting in 142 air men dead on air craft ship
I can tell you there's not enough info out there. Most Americans don't know it's a problem and from what countries.
It's also very bad in Seattle Washington, where I live, with our own girls. We have to do more than sue Backpage. #humantrafficking
Blah Blah committee after committee if you know the problem fix it. Arrest people build the wall hire more DEA cops. Nothing ever gets done
You've done the right thing on the disastrous HC bill, please do the right thing again & do not confirm Ajit Pai for 5 more years!
Can we do something ASAP about the Kleptocracy going on in D.C. !- We,the people are being Robbed !!
McCain doesn't care about that! He is/has gotten rich at OIR expense!
Then that's another thing you can give a thumbs down too!
Senator ,why don’t you and your shadow government just go away STOP coming on Twitter because you’re forcing me to say mean things to you
Is anybody listening to you anymore?
It's not about him. It's about the plight of natives peoples.Get past your partisan bias and realize there's a lot going on besides division
Can you trust anything McCain says?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
You remain a big problem
Human trafficking? Please senator you're much too old for this stuff. Just go home sit down then get out of the way
More of your blah blah blahs. Since you like regular order s..t or get off the pot. RETIRE Brutus.
And since the indians run you off like a scared rabbit your point is mute.
Thank you for your devoted service to US in spite of many trials.
All best wishes for good health (& selfishly, yrs of service to come).
Fix my health care. Regarding taxes, if I pay 18 percent now, will I be pushed to 25 percent. If so , vote no.
Clinton Foundation has all the details you need on Haiti for starters.
Well, Circle the wagons. 
Time for you to retire and help MAGA
As I posted before, your avalanche of tweets made I'm sure to make you look like you're actually doing something is bogus...ESAD!
That's great Cindy has brought that to attention. Unsealed Uranium Mines on Navajo leaking into water supplies, causing Cancer also problem
And health care here
Dad makes $90k Mom makes $90k YET a gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2 of #SS  #medicare Taxes than 2 #taxpayers that make $180K,#Fair? its #THEFT
How's their insurance traitor Democrat John?
Well you have been in office how long? Haven't done Jack SHIT about anything except marking yourself RICH!
Worry about our country first. As a retired military you now become a disgrace in the Senate.  Please get your nose out of Schumer underwear
But the human trafficking across the Arizona southern borders is not accurate and remains the least concerns for LE?
Accurate numbers? Not the fact that there's human trafficking at all? Wow...how dumb!
ICYI:
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
He is a traitor songbird!
You hate @POTUS more than you love America. Sad! 
Please John GO AWAY=Traitor made propaganda radio for Hanoii & now destroying America and the GOP...JUST GET LOST OK
I think there is something wrong w you..that you would take time out of your day to spew hate...big man behind the keyboard..
This is not hate it is reality....What do you know about facts except you have a brain filter that views any "free speech" as hate. so sad!
I know about facts because i actually READ..a variety of papers...do not listen to POS people like Alex Jones, LImbaugh, Fox News!!!
oh and Richard...do they call you Dick???
What is wrong with you? upset stomach today?
Since when do we care about India? I thought I had them in the do not call list.
So    You ARE A DEMARCATE    DUCKS ARE DUCK SIR    SONG BIRDS ARE SONG BIRDS    U R A QUACKED UP SONG BIRD    RETIRE
Retire    Plz  However I do agree with you on trafficking         So     How is your daughter doing on the FAR LEFT VIEW  THAT WACKO TV SHOW
She probably fits right in. RINO DAD RINO DAUGHTER! I would have my dad in a home if he were this crazy! 
One of the largest problems for all in America, Obamacare! Fix it!!

Wow all the Sudden no supporters tweeting your praise! Hmm and tweeter just blocked all the known Russian accounts! Hmm comrade McCain!
How pathetic. Thanks John and Cindy
If you have a PROBLEM SOLVE IT. BE pro-active.  What's YOUR problem??
A very big issue in the United States also just ask Hillary!

But John, you've supported/funded/armed biggest human traffickers of all time..your partners, radical islamic murdering scum....for profit!
...Now get off the planet! 
PLZ DIE SOON PLZPLZ
sleezy looking jerk you are
Sing us a pretty song "Song Bird".. C'mon, you did it for Charlie
ICYMI 2 Sir:
The country India or Indian reserves?
