Retire John. I'm an Arizonan and I wish we had had a good GOP er to run against you. Will never vote for you again
Why did you do it this time you could have voted for Kelli Ward
I did! But she made a few bone headed mistakes in her campaign that shot down any chance she had.
was not aware ...still wish he was out!
For God's sake Senator, get the Saudis, Turks and Jordanians to do something about Assad.We certainly have sold them enough weapons !
Wet Start Johnny wants more blood sacrificed to the god of war.
You're no better than Trump.  You're no better than McConnell. You're nothing but a used car salesman.  You say one thing and do another.
War monger !! Stay out of Syria 
@FoxNews Please don't go on #fakenews. Go on a real news broadcast.
Oh please what is "real" to you CNN? lol believe me he'll go anywhere that someone will let him ramble on
#NoNukes, Put country before party and don't destroy the Senate @SenatorCollins @GrahamBlog @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski
Look how animated this guy becomes at the idea of war
Trump last week:"Not focused on Assad leaving power." This week:Assad gasses his own people.  What are you going to do about Trump? #Assad
Senator McCain,we did not question your heroism like Trump did. We need you again, vote against the Nuclear option and show us courage again
Say Hi to ORiely. Maybe he can get you a date.
Or maybe his good friend bill Clinton can get him one?
Mcain is a Russian traitor. A puppet of Oleg Deripaska . Nothing he says about Russia is true. He also a tool for Soros and Rothschild.
McCain: "I am left with no choice. I will vote to change the rules" despite the "irreparable damage" it will do to the Senate. 

Maverick?
SCOTUS will be an illegitimate branch of government beginning Friday.
Do not go nuclear! Get a better nominee for @SCOTUS
You Sold Your Soul, Sir!
please announce your retirement.
I'm just a stupid American
What were you doing in the Middle East lately? #Warmonger
Please vote no for nuclear options. There are rules in place for a reason.
Is that all you do is navigate between CNN NBC abc and Fox?   between your suspicious trips overseas.. you need investigated
Tune- In?? Most tune-out when you show up McCain!
Vote nuclear. Quit calling people idiots. Get Gorsuch approved. Do your job.
Stand up and support our President Trump!  I am not speaking for the squeekie wheel!  Majority of AZ will vote u out!
SUCH A SLAP IN THE FACE 2all woman that u would go on Fox who enables SEXUAL ASSAULT by @oreillyfactor TYPICAL @GOP HYPOCRISY!
Pull your head out Senator...you've stolen that SCOTUS seat from President Obama, SHAME on you and especially the greasy Mitch McConnell
Does it bother anyone else that for all the Russian hacking talk, no one has ever shown the American people or even congress any evidence?
SHAME 4 Trump Sex Predators Man Culture Club @FoxNews where Men get PAID Millions 2 Abuse & Harass women. Pervert & Friends DiscrimiNation.
You are really good at a lot of tough talk. Then you fold EVERY SINGLE TIME. Country before party.
Thank you for your prior service. Shame it will all be ignored in the history books for the treason you aided in the end. Bigly sad Johny.
Vote No on the nuclear option! You will be breaking Senate tradition & doing something that will haunt you in the future.
Going #NuclearOption is as bad for this country as the Russia interference in our election, probably worst since you are a citizen
NO NUCLEAR OPTION FOR SCOTUS
#Tillerson meeting in Russia must be stopped. #theResistance #trumprussiacollusion
Sweet more #trumplies and #goplies
Can we talk about how the Terrace that you supported just set off gas on their own
We the People think, you should RETIRE!
Confirm Gorsuch.
The country would be better off if you would vote more like you talk, Senator.
Russia
Keep on defying our President and the will of the people I promise you it will be you and Graham gone before Trump make no mistake
Oh yeah, Fox is just such an 'upstanding' news organization.
Don't go nuclear and destroy Senate. #GOPutins stole a seat & Gorsuch did not win over enough Dems as he puts corps>> people's right! Be !
Please do not use the nuclear option. Talk to your peers. How much more can this country lose? Please, do what you know to be right.

You would have made an amazing President. Thank you for your continuous and loyal service to our great nation
your words say one thing & your votes say another.  Do the right thing, maybe if you run again you might win bc we know BS when we see it.
I'd like to but FOX news has proven time and time again to not b something I'm going to turn to 4 news.
John! Save the sinking ship dude. You're party is going to take the whole down. Is this what you fought for ?? Clowns like this??
GOOD TO SE THE SEN. ON FOX  AND NOT FAKE NEWS!!
Don't allow GOP to go nuclear. U'r the only rep who's stood for the country. Stay loyal to us the people.

Iraq, Libya, and Syria may have a commonality.  #ISIS expansion filling a headless country.
I hope they talk to you about your treasonous acts in Vietnam           #songbird
Coward!!!!  Fake maverick!!!!
Just as I was beginning to respect you, you will vote party lin3s even though you disagree . Pathetic, just another politician. So sad
Can't wait for the reaper to claim you, ya old commie.
I didn't think I would ever say that you are 100% right
I hear Mexico is furious at the Syrians for killing all those kids but they are not going to do anything. They are busy fucking us over.
And sending their kids
If this is Obama's legacy, wouldn't it be better to work with Pres. Trump and get something done instead of fighting all the time?
I am doing nothing to stop Trump but let me talk about how dangerous Trump is. I am John McCain.
Syria is not our problem to solve. Stop all your useless BS and #Resign. #TermLimits #draintheswamp of embarrassments like you
Maybe if you had allowed those Syrian babies come to US as refugees they would still be alive, hypocrite
Elections have consequences snowflakes.
Yeah, too bad you're going to eat way more shit than coastal liberal elites
How about you vote NO on the nuclear option. Stand up to trump& other republicans when they are doing wrong, Since when were you a coward?
I agree, only Republican Presidential candidate I ever voted for. Now, just another Washington coward
You must be happy as a lark you warmonger about Syria and the gas.  Iwill still not support your globalist war with Russia. Bought by Soros
Looks like you'll get your war @SenJohnMcCain
me too, if he wants his way all the time, he should have won his election for POTUS
Does @Potus still need to apologize to the public because Obama adm spied on him??  just wondering if you've backtracked on that John?
Obama didn't spy please catch up with the news
Surprised you are on Fox. Not your normal network to appear on and your daughter works for Fox.
Why should we tune in, we're tired of listening to you Democrats everyday!!!
i never watch FoxNews, but I'll tune in to watch you, Sir.
#WheresTheMaverick
 Boo
