Shake My Head!
Hey John if 100000 troops couldn't get the job done 5 years ago, what makes anyone think a few thousand more will make a difference now?
Mr. McCain: we still do not have a US ambassador to Afghanistan. We need to insert Special Forces and pull out conventional troops.
We need a fully staffed State Department if diplomacy is to be anything but another empty word.
MR PRESIDENT GREAT SPEECH GREAT STRATEGY!
No. Ignorance and disdain for other cultures while destroying their homelands are what has caused radicalization.
Unless you heard something I didn't, this speech was short on specifics and high on rhetoric.
Why should the American people think Trump can make good policy?
Cause he's got some very bad men in charge
It's not his strategy / give credit to where it is due
You mean postpone it a little longer? Say a few generations?
Sounds like more American men and women dying to me! Another freaking Vietnam quagmire!
Now we going to win, not sure what cause we don't know what we fight for, maybe the lottery?
I am a new resident of Arizona I'm not voting for you.
That is great John and as soon as you can explain to the rest of us what they hell @realDonaldTrump is proposing that would be great.
Sen McCain, thank you for supporting our President on his Afghan strategy.   Please support other items on his agenda to MAGA.  Thank you!
Oh come up John. Past failed policy! This admin is a utter joke and your are backing it.
Hes The main player in this war. Songbird McCain is a traitor.
Maybe if he wants to go to war with Mexico you'll finally help us with the wall. We already know you'll go to war with a ham sandwich.
President Trump didn't start war but unleashing military leaders to end it. Fight to win. Bring troops home. Support military / families
Dear John,
Appreciated the Health Care vote a few weeks ago 
As you salivate right now, remember...
War sucks
Thanks for you service
Retweet if you love McCain
Like if you love Trump
NEVER http://McCain.Read  his real history,not good man,+ he let jealousy of @POTUS get in way,been hell bent'try to destroy him,hateful
#trumprussia the blinders! Discrace.
Let's stop postponing defeat and embrace it readily.
Warmongers love it
Retire you're 1000 years old. Have fun with family John you don't have many years left. Unfit , resign,retire.
He said nothing!  He spoke in platitudes and vagueness. He gave a campaign speech that was empty. There was no meaning tonite.#ImpeachTrump
He's been fascinated with neo-colonialism for years....now we will be pillaging Afghanistan for their minerals.  War for profit now.
The russians were smart lets get the hell out and not come back eat the loss we are not gaining anything
What strategy?
Says Lizard licking traitor.
You are not getting your way. We are killing the radical Muslims and leaving. Not anything more. Warmonger.
Oh sweetie. Just when I was beginning to admire you.
That's all we are doing. Postponing defeat. How many American lives are worth it?  Why not leave now. Same end result. Less lives lost.
That right there should tell us it is a Wrong idea.
Exactly
It's not a strategy
McCain you're a liar to your voters liar to the president just come out of the closet and let everybody know that you are with the Democrats
Wow. Surprised. Speechless.
And what strategy are you talking about, exactly??
It's clear trump will send more troops/get rid of restrictions protecting potential non-combatants.  Anything else that makes it different?
What is this strategy that you speak of. Please explain
No strategy
Exactly. Same as Bush and Obama. Maybe @SenJohnMcCain  heard a different speech.
He's just happy they aren't withdrawing. He'll call anything a strategy if it please cheeto Jesus as this point.
WTF are you talking about? Did you hear something the rest of us miss? He didn't outline SH*T.
Neo-colonialism.  No more "nation building."  No more promoting Democracy.  It's all about stealing minerals in Afghanistan.  #crimefamily
Sir, this war has outlasted 2 administrations, with no end in sight. The blame cannot be placed solely on Obama. Trump has no clear plan.
Who needs healthcare reform or helping poor Americans when we can just send them to Afghanistan right?
The stalemate is inevitable. Afghanistan is a huge country. 4,000 troops won’t do jack.
In a few months, it will be 4,000 more...and on an on...a never ending battle. Hv you assessed the human cost-even after the vets come home?
So, I guess trump will get us to defeat much quicker. He's a loser and you know it. Bashing Obama is not a strategy.  He said nothing, again
Really? How is this different from Bush or Obama?
Honestly, I do not want to hear one flippin word from McCain except "Ciao".
He has NO STRATEGY. He talked of NO STRATEGY. What speech did u listen 2. Bush started it where was his plan 2 END IT. Time 2 retire Mc Cain
"Postponing Defeat" ? WTF
You lost to Obama, get over it.
@SenJohnMcCain what role should congress play with regard to Afghan strategy ... specifically appropriation, troop levels, etc ... 
I'm fine with delegating field decisions to commanders but wary of unrestrained military action without congressional oversight
Obviously McCain opposes Obama policy, Afghanistan was a huge issue in 2008 election.
Jesus, I can't keep up with you. You really think after 16 years, 4000 troops will change that. "Kill Terrorists" is a weak strategy.
You always talk a good game, John. Then at the last minute, every time, you do what you can to screw it up & bring attention to yourself.
I commend our President as well but you sir have shown your true colors and are a complete RINO 
I commend your decision to step down and let an actual live person take your office
Last time I checked the war was started two admins ago. My how we forget that fast.
There is no defeat, there is no winning after 16 yrs , just get out, stop spending $$ & American lives, we need to spend the money here .
Who are the US Ambassadors to Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India? Who is handling diplomacy issues at these locations?
Ask the dems as they have been holding up confirmations
You commend what? He didn't say anything basically empty. Didn't they name a ship after you that got lost and got hit? Just like Republicans
You are just playing your part in the end of the US empire - bad decision after bad decision
What about moving past last week? Americas biggest problems seem to be from within and we deserve real solutions from our elected.
SEN MCCAIN OPINION WORTH NOTHING TO ME, RETURN THE MONEY TO SOROS...
So it's time to accelerate defeat? 

#FailingTrump #ImpeachTrump
Really, @SenJohnMcCain ? @realDonaldTrump stokes up a war, and now everything is cool?
What is this new strategy? He didn't give one. Once again he has failed. I am abt ready to leave GOP because of him.#failedpresident
What strategy?
This is no different other than sending more Americans to their death, for no reason. Would think you would have learnt the Vietnam lesson.
I met you once in AFG. We both know that a troop surge will only lead to intensified TB efforts and more loss of life.
So, are you going to come out and point blank call this new Trump strategy failed policy?? Please, pls do so. Otherwise the Trump can't hear
No strategy McCain. But maybe you heard something different please enlighten us.
What IS the president's NEW strategy? And how does it differ from the previous two presidents' strategies?
Sounded a lot like W's, warmed over! This is just more distraction from Charlottesville and all the other non-answer answers he's had!
Hey everyone!!! No one knows what his plans are, and that's the point. So let our Pres do his job before you condemn it. Unless your ......
Boo
Still mad you did not vote to repeal/replace Obama Care it is time to retire or move over to the other side. 
great news for arms dealers
Another happy never trumper.  Obviously it was a bad decision @POTUS
How do we know when we've won?  What's the measurement?  It appears that you support endless war.
Bullshit John!  This is no strategy.  Reprehensible!
Ok go - splain it to the rest of us.
You can commend but can't attend? Two faced Politicians are as plentiful as cash in Washington. Lots to go around. Swamp creatures
I commend whoever wrote his speech, let's see what mess he makes in Phoenix
You know you'll fucking all up. You know he's going to give that dirty old man a pardon
Even if he dosent he'll still spew vile rhetoric and kiss his own ass
So sorry for my misspelling. I meant to say you know he's goin 2 fuck it up everything he touches turns to shit.
Oh, John. It's Mattis' policy. How many more have to die before they kick our asses out like they did the Russians?
Pakistan should pull off from this so called war on terror that is only to guard American Interests. Say no more to American terrorists.
Instead of postponing defeat what will the new policy do, accelerate defeat?
McCain would be on board for a war with Peru. I've never heard him advocate for peace with any country
#sendTrumpskidstowar #notmygrandson #noonewins #warprofitsforhisrichfriends #purgethepoor  #McCain talks both sides of his mouth #MSNBC
You've never met an armed conflict you wouldn't send our brave to die. Never met a rebel group you wouldn't send our arms. #Warmongers
come on it is over 100 years with different nations tried fix it there and were not able to , like that policy will xd you will die there
Military industrial complex McCain has never seen a war he hasn't liked
My dear while you enjoyed comfort of prison your countrymen had their asses kicked in Nam
#RetirementPlanning 
#TermLimits #term

Please leave.
...by postponing defeat even longer?!
He did sound 'presidential' because it was scripted. But what is the 'Plan'? To stay in Afghanistan forever and drain the USA.
New strategy? Do you mean president Obamas recycled idea??
I see McCain's fallen back to unwavering, unjustified, support of Trump non-policies.
So by "strategy" you mean sending more troops into the meat grinder to postpone the reality we should leave?
Sounds like the McCain Plan  ... Gracias por su servicio y que Dios te Bendiga   
whaat ? no specifics just going back to where we were. which did not work first 3 times
The people have a right to know how many of their loved ones are being sent into harm's way & a right to hold leaders accountable.
So is giving control of war to the generals and avoiding Congress a good thing? Sounds like a lot of body bags coming home John!
It's a way for none of it to be his fault.  If it goes to shit, Trump will say he personally would not have handled it that way.
Don't agree with a fake speech John!
This is a horrible choice!!!
Of course you like it you warhawk.
Aren't you proud @POTUS? You now have the praise of filth.
"Filth" ?!
Yes, FILTH. McCain = Filth
Charming I'm sure
Truth I'm sure.
On your view surely it's only God that can know our hearts and heads. Judge not lest ye be judged.... and all that jazz!
I didn't judge where McCain's final destination will be. I do judge his actions filthy, and until he repents, his sins stain him filthy.
You were part of that!
Awwww look at all your liberal followers John.....you have more libtards than you do the right. Says a lot.
I didn't hear any stategy.
All it takes is a good war to make Songbird McCain happy as hell. What a disturbing individual.
Haven't you heard? He doesn't like people that get cancer
More dead and damaged vets for you to abandon. Shame on you. blood on your soul.#nomorewar #EndlessWar #BloodOnYourHands
4k more troops won't win what 140k couldn't do!
So our choices are to hasten our defeat or win? Define win?
McCain should acknowledge how evil regime change is. I'm so glad his favorite generals wrote a speech to say just that before he died !
What's the difference between his and Obama's or Bush's?
Not telling them are strategy like all the others. Can't win wars when you tell the enemy what were going to do.
So we've just been postponing our defeat in Afghanistan?
We don't care what you think Mr. McCain.
What's the strategy. I must have missed it
Senator cone on he said nothing. Nothing!!!
I didn't hear any strategy. And I read an article and still nothing from a deranged man.
Nobody cares for your opinion
McCain I'm ashamed I supported your presidential run & that u r actually conspiring against #DonaldTrump
Sir, you are wrong. Shame on you for denigrating the previous administration. Your bigotry's got the better of you. Feel better.
Our President is crazy! Our country deserves so much better. 
Everybody gets what he or she deserves. Including Arizona and Sen. McCain
He's trying to take the focus off of his racist ass and the Russia investigation and that he burned Crescent in his retina is today!
Postponing the extraction of a wealth of minerals we found underneath their ground? Thought our mission was to get rid of Osama Bin Laden 
I agree with Senator McCain - Trump is going to get us to defeat and total disaster much, much quicker than Obama did - much quicker!
Because POTUS read a speech written by someone else, didn't go off the rails we are supposed to forget NKorea, Nazi, & daily lies? Please!!
@jaketapper @POTUS Honestly, if McCain is FOR this plan, its credibility is seriously undermined.
Did Hillary tell you and graham it was ok to approve?
The lemmings always get in line
Does it not, at least concern you when he opines about giving LESS information about troop strength ???
No. Just stop it! He's a conman; traitor and belongs in prison. Send his kids to the front lines first. Dodge drafting pos fake POTUS
John, keep your moxy & stop trying to suck up!
Wait , What? How can you say this when he did not even hint at the plan.
Define victory, Senator.
#CIA armed and trained the #Taliban against #Russia... Russia warned you but the imperialist #Warmongers did not listen hence 9/11. #OwnGoal
We should get out entirely and let the Afghabs sell their own rare earths for a profit
yes, i prefer this strategy of rushing headlong into defeat
#Warmonger
First he has to actually know what he's claiming to do .. reading what someone else wrote for you isn't his plan , he's never had one
Deja Vu?
Advanced Tactics with General Melchett 
https://youtu.be/rblfKREj50o  via @YouTube
Another one bites the dust
Has Trump yet assigned an ambassador to Afghanistan?
Didn't Obama simply do what was the best recommended strategy proposed at the time?
What strategy 
Afghanistan & Iraq wars were horrible decisions by GOP.  Not supposed to be a war against Taliban.  I guess you'll start torturing again too
First smart thing I've heard you say in idk how long @SenJohnMcCain
What's new about it?
#ComeOn!
A few more troups.
A push for neighbors to do more. 
This IS #Obama's plan! 
And a complete contradiction to all he promised.
Really?  Postponing defeat?  Pres Obama wanted to bring troops home and invest in America.  Stop being part of problem and spreading hate.
Did I miss something? Where exactly was the "strategy" you are lauding. The strategy of giving no details? That one?
John - Trumpster is still nutso! You really want him deciding how many of our soldiers have to die? Teleprompter reading not presidential.
Sure this pads your pocket in some way right!!!
Postponing our own defeat? What exactly are you talking about. There is no strategy here except to distract from the current shit show.
So, instead of postponing defeat we're gong to run into it headlong?
His name is President Trump. Say it!
What new strategy?
LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL  LOL 
See this is where the question comes up,,,, Why? Why are you patting this toddler on the butt? No matter the policy,  he deserves nothing.
A wooden rascist spinning to face the cameras...capitulated to the generals#Sad
Your boss is a prick. He just pardoned a racist. I guess he really is one himself. What can you tell your children about your boss the ass.
McCain's past actions have proven he can't be trusted. Glad he's "supporting" Trump on this. But McCain's support means zero. No Core...?
Sen, I respect ur opinions on issues,but afraid don't see any actual change over past 17 yrs. Change in DT stance but not in actual strategy
Personally pull out of there..put special ops in there.clean it up.get the hell out..stop the madness..
.
U need more rest b4 u respond please
Alexander, Ghengis Khan, British Empire, + USSR couldn't pacify + control Afghanistan, but you think Trump's military genius will prevail?
well Americans have moved past the PNAC doctrine of American wars, profiteering, and destruction... END THE WARS.
i.e., send more Americans to die or become gravely injured, then give our vets lousy healthcare when they return home
tbat was the first mistake done by americans. Sending troops to Afghanistan instead of Pakistan
LOL the Pakistanis would have fought back. Bigly!
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. He gets no credit for this. If you don't dump him now, you'll be forever tainted by this bigot
trump rally chanting "let him die" 
they condemn themselves by their unspeakable behavior
@potus has nothing to be proud
John John John..I agree we cannot simply pull out but there is a difference between strategy and tactics. These were tactics
You're better than this Senator.  There is no "winning" in Afghanistan and if we could, what would it look like?
When Trump can take down their leaders as President Obama's strategy took down Bin Laden, then we'll all have a talk.

Number of new details Trump offered about his Afghanistan strategy: 
Bla bla voted to keep Obama care and showed your trying blue color
hey McCain.....GFY
Dude ... there's no new strategy.

