Implementing this for chronic pain patients will turn more people to street sales. It's ridiculous.
Don't think it means no pain relief after 7 days.  Doctor & pharmacist need to know what's up.  Dr makes pain relief plan.
One would think, but my insurance already changes my doc's rx. They decide what I can fill, not him. If I pay cash, it's filled as written.
R u trying to refill too early?
Absolutely not. Doc writes for 8 a day. Humana fills for 6.6 per day. If I pay cash, I get 8. I supplement with Ibuprofen and bedrest.
Well, that's just bizarre!  You've talked to the pharmacy about it, I take it.  I've never heard of this before.  Have u told the doc?
Yep. Doc knows. I pay for my insurance too. They're looking at this whole thing back asswards.
Pain is a deeply individual condition. One size fits all legislation re prescribing painmed is insane.  Doctors and patients decide what
is best for each patient. Some folks require more, some less for both acute and chronic pain. This legislation hurts people already hurting.
Addiction is the issue that should be addressed.  Not just physical addiction which can be weaned but that of brain chemistry which is far
more complex.  The entire opioid crisis hype treats patients with legit diagnoses of serious debilitating pain who don't abuse prescriptions
like criminals.  With hard limits on prescriptions and no refills, patients will have to visit their doctors more frequently for which they
must pay for both the visit and new prescription.  This drives costs up and drives people onto the streets to find illegal sources which are
even costlier, as well as seeing street drug alternatives.  Gov has been looking at this all wrong, treating legit prescriptions as they do
illegal street drugs by punishing those who legit need prescriptions as well as those who have serious addiction issues.  Additionally,
I'm all for opioid reform, but the industry jumping on limiting supply worries me that the artificial shortage will cause prices to go up.
If course they will. And it's going to be hard to find a pharmacy with any meds in stock.
According to doctors I've talked to, the 7 days is just for first time scripts. If you're on it already the rules are different.
Yes, but we're being cut way back. Even pain specialists seem fearful of writing too much, it's really bad. My quality of life is way down.
...treated w/o the use of opioids. There are options out there. I'm going to hold out hope for you. In the meantime, I hope you find relief.
I have been a chronic pain patient for around 13 years. I have had 3 surgeries on my spine, who knows how many procedures &……
Great idea now chronic pain patients will have to make multiple trips to doc for refills.
I agree. I noticed he said "accute pain" but those of us being treated for chronic pain will be the ones to suffer the most for this
I would not be surprised if this pushes more pain patients to the black market
Make it 14 .. after some operations are extremely painful
Why they support things that are known to be addictive and kill, I will never understand.
We can't make the innocent, especially old people with tremendous pain suffer because of the abusers. That's not right. Sufferers pay? No.
According to doctors I've talked to, the 7 days is just for first time scripts. If you're on it already the rules are different.
I hope you are right. These meds are for a purpose. I don't think abusers should take priority over people in pain needing them.
I'm sorry, is it Dr. McCain?
Now all we need to do is FIX what causes pain, not mask it with drugs. PHYS THERAPY and ALT. MEDS need to grow too!
How about legalizing marijuana ?
It won't be about saving lives until marijuana is legal nationally. NATURAL OVER SYNTHETIC #nobrainer
Not to mention how helpful marijuana is at getting ppl off of opioids
How much money have u received from pharm magnates?
Senator please Google FECO  (full extract cannabis oil )its like boiling down turnip greens n make oil. Please it can help millions.
That is 4-5 days too many, and makes problems for chronic pain sufferers, but so glad you are working towards a solution.
I would prefer, MY DOCTOR, to make THAT DECISION. Yes, been living with(BATTLING) chronic pain last 4 years!!
I WOULDN'T DO IT MCCAIN YOUR GOING TO NEED  THOSE PILLS VERY SOON
This issue lookssimple, but it isn't. People do not understand what patients go through. Most users steal 1st pills from others, not Rx.
Do you seriously think MCCAIN feels for you lmfao. THIS TRAITOR ONLY CAT5S ABOUT MCCAIN. WHEN HIS BRAIN CANCER REVS UP HE'LL  GET HIS PILLS
TY Jayne- Imagine not being able to grocery shop 4 more than a items due to pain or just go for a walk. Some just want a sliver of normalcy
They prescribe these things like water -guy's hernia surgery -2-inch incision -they prescribed 60 PILLS -RIDICULOUS!! He needed only 2 days!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain & @SenGillibrand for taking this action!  Addiction most often begins with an opioid prescription with doctors continuing to refill.  
Hurts chronic pain sufferers...especially in rural areas.
Drs are often incentivized by big pharma with $ and gifts to prescribe. Not always in patient best interest and are highly addictive.
That is true. Unfortunately doctors who do not know how to manage pain are one cause of the opiod addiction ( work in healthcare industry)
Do you have a medical degree?
Scientist in medical- yes advanced degree
Painting everyone with a broad brush is irresponsible. There should be exceptions for those in chronic pain.1/2
Example-someone in chronic pain that lives 50 miles from nearest Dr. Make them drive each week for refill? That's cruel & wrong.
Half of them started with prescriptions for opiods
Doesnt Afghanistan produce 90% of the worlds heroin?  Heroin dirt cheap now. Any way to limit Afghanistan??  Why is the usa guarding poppys.
If you do that, then a least legalize marijuana for a replacement for patients who suffer in pain like myself
People will suffer like never before and die in alarming rates if you pass this. Find another way. Legalize marijuana federally!!!!!!
Thank you for me and for daughter addicted for years.
Some with chronic pain may have to see a doctor or visit their office once a week to pick up the prescription. Life is already hard.
Not good for home bound elderly people. Mom should be able to get a 30 day supply. Will be Such a hassle for her.
Even with home delivery and visiting doctors. There has to be a better way
What med is helping you manage your pain? What's that, your part of the elite plan. Never heard of it, can I get same coverage?
Now McCain knows more about medical treatment than your own doctor!!  No wonder he supports Obamacare!!
Now if they could just make a pill for liberalism .
It's a start!
Good idea....these drugs are over-prescribed and safer alternatives need to be explored (medicinal marijuana).
It's an awful idea.  Maybe you should get people who know what they're talking about involved instead of pharma companies.
We do want to reduce initial Rxs. That hard limits first will end up screwing people in real pain. Need approved alternatives that work 1st.
Oh, and we need to sue the pants off companies like PhRMA because the damage they did knowingly is already done. #opioidcrisis
Once again, legislators inserting themselves between Pts and dr's. Not ok with abortion, and not ok with pain management. Let dr's Doctor.
In 2016 20,000 Americans were Killed by Fentanyl made in China. Chinese Pharma Plants are state-sponsored, making that an "Active Measure"
Please address this WMD level death rate of Americans by a hostile foreign power with the same determination used in the War on Terror.
If those 20k Americans had been killed by bombs & not Fentanyl, the Awesome power of the USA would be unleashed on their killers. 
what about gabapentin with slow release morphine for back injury patients, enabling them to work?
Smoke dope, cbd oil deco it helps
Thank you!
Great, now vote proper on tax reform.
You rock @SenJohnMcCain !  The only sane voice in the republican senate
If only Jared Kushner could hire YOU to get all the stuff done his father-in-law thinks he's good enough to handle on his own.  

GOVERNMENT HYPOCRISY one prescription FITS ALL, you still want GOVERNMENT HEALTH CARE,this is our future, now McCain is a Doctor of medicine
Typical McCain, one prescription fits ALL, Now your seeing GOVERNMENT HEALTH CARE in real time, McCain is a Democrat, please Lord.
Your Bill?? Your not that important any longer McCain. Your just begging for credit and recognition of some kind. Go somewhere else & voteno
To echo, this is a TERRIBLE plan. No impact on street purchases or underlying addiction, HARMS ppl w chronic pain, immobile, no transport.
@SenGillibrand, this is a very poorly thought-out plan that doesn't treat root causes/treatment of addiction, HARMS ppl in chronic pain.
Dr's know how much pain medication to prescribe not the government. Elderly people with painful chronic conditions need medication.
I was in motorcycle accident and take Hydrocodone 3 times per day for over 20 years It greatly improves my life makes my pain tolerable so??
Great idea
At last Bipartisanship!!! 
Thank you Senator
We also need to work on some laws for non-terminal chronic pain too sir..
Said test to insure the freedom of the American's rights or not
infringement upon. To insure 
Constitution unification.
Political employees, will be subject to hair, and urine test, effect 09/28/17 also every Judge is to be tested every start of a work day!
I have a new bill, all government employee must be random drug tested & Alcohol tested weekly.
Now we really need McCain telling 
Us how much pain medication we need & how much we can have.
Yet another Government over reach, now there Doctors.
I am sorry I don't. I have to go to pain management for meds and have to pay cash. To expense to go every 7 days and get meds
Old HACK Drain the Swamp Go Trump
Can u find way 2 do w/out making those of us who live in pain have 2 pull teeth 2 get our meds? Medical marijuana wud be good replacement
Why did Nixon Pardon @SenJohnMcCain for war crimes? The guy sang like a bird! Traitor hates America! Open the sealed record of his POW file!
You will need more than that like some people do your bill sucks
Your policy is idiotic and harmful.
Yes, YES! HUGE, GOOD Start!
YK
……those people who legit want to abuse drugs are going to find a way, while those who suffer chronic pare fighting to get what we need.
Mr. McCain please be mindful of what you're doing with all of this. Some of us are suffering greatly because we can't get the meds we need……
Let’s get this done @SenJohnMcCain
I got to ask.  What about people, like me, who’s a 100% DAV that suffers from chronic pain every day and needs that medicine for a /1
Chance at a normal day?  What about us?  We take our medicine as prescribed and need it.  What about us?  Why are we being punished?
Thank u both!
Mr. McCain, let's see how you feel after 7 days dealing with pain from brain cancer. Stood with u before, this is WRONG!
Can't wait for the tax plan to get voted on. How will you vote?
How about CBD and MJ
Sucking the pharmaceutical lobby's toes now.
True American Hero!
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT THAT MEANS FOR PEOPLE WITH ACUTE PAIN
NO RIGHT BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE TOO
(LAST ONE, I PROMISE!!) Sir, TALK to addicts, research, try to understand the process and problems... I'd gladly share w you my experience..
(4of4) non-judgemental addiction assistance services w better programming& funding to INCREASE people's chance at recovery?!? System sucks!
Nice to see our lawmakers working together. 
Most American that are in ACUTE PAIN can't go get a prescript every week. WHY WHY WHY ARE YOU SUCH A SON OF A BIT..CH
(add-on) WITH ability to obtain refills easily for multiple cases...
& to think more, don't you think it's help MORE to have actual...(3of3
(2of2) Wean-down period of 1/2 mo supply for 6mos, THEN 1 wk, is apt to actually help more. I also have certificate in addiction counseling.
Please talk with health care leaders at Cleveland Clinic, Emory and Kaiser Health Plan for further discussion rather than big Pharma.
Yikes, Sir...as an ex-addict (clean about 6mos), this is a phenomenal goal WAAAY too fast. This will not help; it will cause panic. (1of2)..
Sick and tired of pain three times the amount of Health Care I should be paying get it fixed McCain
Does the bill have a provision for those with mobility impairments or who live in area that may have longer than 7 days between visits?
Please support decriminalizing marijuana at the federal level if you want to truly address the opioid epidemic.
How about letting doctors make those decisions with their patients & you keeping out of the decision proceas!
Seems you work better with Dems. Make the switch or just retire !!
What about chronic pain? Or is this more in reference to surgery and such
Some ppl NEED THESE MEDS
This is a terrible bill!! Drs should be responsible for med decisions, not blanket laws! This punishes people who use valid meds,not addicts
Your another democrat resign
The sad thing about this issue is that people like me suffer. I have a debilitated left leg, always in pain, but Dr will not prescribe meds
This is really going to be bad for sick elderly people. You should think this through not everyone has the ability to run to pharmacy weekly
How much did PhRMA pay you?
Yes!
Aha. How much do you get out of this?
@hey washed up politician, @SenJohnMcCain, what do you think about #TaketheKneeNFL?
Any chance this could be regulated with regard to age. Have lots of older folks over 70 who rely on these medications. Won't work for them
Why is Congress not holding our president accountable for violation of code of conduct @ AL Rally using the "b" word in front of children?
Get well soon!! You are an amazing Senator and a very compassionate human being ! 
Yes government should tell doctors how to treat patients. Please go away
Arizona people can't even afford cold medicine let alone opioids thanks to traitor John
Please please retire please
Usually acute pain gets 20 pills, at 3 to 4 a day. So max 7 days anyway. Chronic pain doesn't fall under this provision right?
That is a decision for a doctor. Not a legislator.
After surgery people may need it for a couple of weeks. Doesn't mean they will abuse it. I support McCain on most things....
This is your solution?! You IDIOT! Answer to medical issues is NEVER #onesizefitsall when will u get that through your head? #OpioidTalk
More people will turn to heroin. You are brilliant!
bad planning, bad legislation. opiod pain relief is essential for much more than this. i needed them for years, been off for years too.
Why don't you just do it and change parties.
I'm a 14 yr Chronic Pain patient, been in Pain Mgmt 13 yrs. This WILL get abused on Chr Pain patients, we do need month supply, to travel.
Planning on month long trip, even. If you make those of us in Chr Pain Mgmt pay for meds 4X mo, will QUADRUPLE cost of our meds!!
Stop punishing US! I'm not the one selling my much needed meds! Used to buy 3 mos supply, kept in safe. Cost of my meds have skyrocketed
Over 13 years! I can't make it further than bathroom, without my Opiods & muscle relaxants. Replacing 3 damaged discs in neck, 2 in lumbar
Would CURE MY PAIN! You, other Senators have the Cadillac HC that would cover surgery, bring disc height back up, stop disc collapse. :'(
I REALLY DO WONDER ABOUT THE PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES AND IF THEY ARE IN CAHOOTS WITH CERTAIN POLITICIANS!
NO! I LIVE WITH CHRONIC PAIN! WHAT ABOUT THE ONES WHO DON'T ABUSE IT?????!!!!!
I don't think this affects chronic pain, but I understand it's always in the back of your mind.
Stop prescribing 7 day supply for a damn toothache!  Drs have over-prescribed so now those that really need it can't friggen get it!
1st: acute, chronic pain means severe pain lasting a LONG time!  Limiting these people's prescriptions is asinine!
Fully support legal pot.  Need to get the dinosaurs out of Congress to get that passed.
I had major surgery to remove a (benign) huge tumor on my ovary & was terrified of the morphine.  Quit 14 hrs after surgery.
Only one prescription at a time, so we must go every month. Now we can figure out how to get to the doctor and pay our copay weekly. Thanks.
Not sure if this is good or not.  Massive pain deserves help, but preventing addiction is an important discussion.
Give up, go home you lier
MY DOCTORS I HAVE A NEUROSURGEON & NEUROLOGIST ,THEIR OFFICES SIGN STATEMENT  "WE DO NOT GIVE OUT NARCOTICS" .
As a wounded combat vet with multiple surgeries and in pain every single day what provisions does this bill have for us?
My heart aches for you and your family. We have so few galant, brave and dedicated senators left. You're an American icon, lucky to have you
John 
This can be worse. Some people that have been on it for a long time will be forced to quit "cold turkey"
Not necessarily. Your doctor may be more inclined to try alternatives, but they aren't rescheduling the drugs, just prescribing practices...
Write an exception into the law for McCain. He can have as much as he wants. Maybe he will finally shut up.
We the people support none of your bills because you screw us because of your hate for Trump .Shame on you
The only time I required this type of treatment was for a slipped disk.  Acute pain lasted 3 weeks.  Guess I would be out of luck.
Doctors should prescribe less milligrams from the start. Far too many doctors give massive amounts . This could possibly avoid addictions.
Cannabis therapy can reduce the levels of opiates required to treat pain . Palliative  patients ease their suffering with cannabis therapy
What is the legal pain management program?
Good but How bout the WALL in shutting down DRUG TRAFFICKING, Senator?
So how would that help me? I thing existing patients need to be grandfathered in .
My understanding is that this applies to new RX only. CVS had already started, they won't fill more than 7 days. Makes it harder to find.
My prescription s are 30 days at a time.
Mine too. For now.
So CVS knows what is best over my Doctor ?
Outlaw the peddling of drugs in the media that you can't get over the counter as well as decriminalizing marijuana would go a lot further!
4 years ago it wasn't and my doctor couldn't prescribe it. It's a pain therapy and can't be reversed without physical. Suffering to me.
Too bad you wouldn't vote out Obama care. Too little to late
I would support it however like yourself I have terminal cancer and use opiates to control the pain mariquana would have been alternative.
Oh problem solved will just keep going to different doctors .. does not help a thing
Horrible and unnecessary idea! Doctors don't 'routinely supply 30 days of opioids'. They are far more likely to underprescribe these days!
So now your a Doctor??
Post-op is acute pain. Major surgery, osteotomy, etc. Severe acute pain doesn't always stop by an arbitrary 7 days.
Right on. Mine took a year to ease. McCain has Hitler Complex Syndrome.
He s a fr kin idiot
Will there also be a 7 day limit on drugs like Viagra?
ROFLMBO
Legalize marijuana!!!!   Quit grandstanding....You are a  traitor to your party.
How big was your contribution from the Pharma lobbyists?

$000.000.00
Where did you come across this information? Not saying your wrong, but I'd like to evaluate for myself the credibility of its source.
Now if you could get them to stop price gouging on every other drug
Wonder if this will apply to you?
Actually the more I think about it, Who are you to tell doctors how much pain medication a person needs. 
Abusers are going to abuse.
nwrve dmg treated w/slow release morphine & gabapentin able to work finally
Senator, what right do you have to insert yourself into the healthcare of another?  Back off you have no right to interfere in anyone's life
I'm glad U & Sen Gillibrand have discovered a way 4 both sides 2 work 2gether successfully. Leading w/ compassion, intelligence & maturity!
Nope 
Which one are you?
And if the PAIN last longer, you DUMB shit
So you are ignoring people with chronic pain. I think it's a great plan but I think a doctor should make a final decision.
They are responsible for this epidemic
Excuse me ? Please explain.
I was a chronic pain patient for almost a year. 
Once my problem was resolved I never took another pill. Choices
Ahhhh no, my father just had major back surgery it takes months and months of severe pain to heal from this surgery. NOT a good idea
Also needs 2b better national d-base 4 drs&pharmacists 2 check prescriptions/refills. My cousin-pharmacist turns away refills when she knows
You would help us more by staying out of our business and stop trying to socialize medical care
If McCain wants it , it's not the right thing to do.
What about people who have difficulty in getting to the drugstore to refill their Rx? Older people who have to have transport?
