
Nope
No he's not and neither are you. Feel badly about your dx. But you need to switch to the " Resistance"Party if you won't ASSIST GOP Agenda.
too funny
Wow, one lying liberal Republican endorsing another lying liberal Republican! What a surprise!
There you have it,  an endorsement from songbird.  That alone is reason enough to vote his land a$$ out. The flake needs to go.  Bye Felicia
Arizona is lucky to have 2 principled senators representing us. TY for supporting @JeffFlake . We don't always agree, but he's a good man.
WOW
Tiny. So, so tiny.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for showing true leadership and true integrity! May God Bless & heal you. Good luck @JeffFlake!
OMG. Huge lie.
He whispered - welcome to the #PantSuitMafia

#Trump2020
We, the people of Arizona, need both of you to step up to the President. He's obviously floundering. Show up outside the rally next Tuesday.
What this country does not need any longer is you.
I stand with @SenJohnMcCain. I stand with @JeffFlake.I stand with @GOP. I STAND AGAINST @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. #ImpeachTrump
Just another Neocon working with the Dems to undermine the Republic. Pro-war, pro-Jihadi, pro-mass immigration/working population replacemnt
Please change parties, you are no Republican. #MAGA
Correction TRUMP is not a Republican and apparently his supporters aren't real Republicans or moral human beings. Shameful
This resembles the "Basket of deplorables" comment that worked so well. Keep campaigning for 2020 for us. Every little bit helps. #MAGA 
he'll be watching that election from his prison cell.then what will u do since u are turning ur back on ur party?Hope another sociopath runs
It'll be a long 8 years for you. And I haven't turned my back, the RINOS who ran on repeal and backed away when Pres Trump was ready w/pen..
in hand turned their backs on us. They had no intentions of repealing O care, just knew its what we wanted to hear.
Not sure I can buy into that one, Sen McCain.
I don't like Repubs & hope a Dem candidate mops the floor w you Flake; but the Nazi/KKK so-called pres should stand down

Day 210
Nazi FAIL
you understand Sen. McCaine. Nothing against you or Sen. Flake. but we just don't want he here telling lies,bring violence, and upsetting
I have to disagree, sir. Flake is NOT always right. Neither are you. If so, you would have taken care of VAyrs ago
Is he as principled as you songbird? @POTUS @Panama6715 @Maria4America
Someone got "triggered" by @realDonaldTrump tweets, Mr. Flake is very principled against the American worker! #VoteWard #VoteFlakeOut
he's true to his name Flake(snowflake), and you are stiill a traitor for not supporting POTUS,so is Graham. Bad for the USA
I'm a democrat. Where can I donate to Jeff flake?
Why is it that Dems love throwing money away?  I think they will help you part with your $$ here: https://jeffflake.com/ 

Does that mean you already made your donation?!  awesome.  If you still have some $$$ to toss... im here!
I'm willing to help anyone who has the balls to stand up to @realDonaldTrump .
Flake has balls?  lolllllllll  He's an opportunist.   
Trump stands against racism, violence & swamp dwellers.  Flake disagrees with that?
the end.
kudos... you passed your meme posting test.   #SeekTruth #SeekFacts #RejectFakeNews
and you John, wouldnt know principles if they bit ya in the ass
Don't always agree wth you, but we need you too buddy. Hope you're doing OK.
We are BOYCOTTING this POTUS'S visit because we don't want his VIOLENCE and nasty attitude and lies around our elderly and children. We hope
Why not say this directly to the Orange Nazi's face? Quit hiding behind twitter, enough
This kind of is like doing that lol. Since he only communicates using twitter.
ANYONE that McCain endorses shld b a real flag!!! Flake is a Dem in hiding... DO NOT VOTE for the Flake.... he's a flake!
HAHAHAHAHHA! YEAH, RIGHT!
You both need to leave the Senate. You are both terrible for the country and borderline traitors. We are embarrassed of you.
Why isn't the Charlottesville murder by Nazi's considered a terrorist attack?
Sorry John your traitorous voice & phony promises will not help Flake. I'd distance myself from U. Veterans know the real U. @FoxNews @CNN
Sure johnny, hmmmm should listen to an old Nazi? #not #warcrimes
I'm not listening to this songbyrd
@JeffFlake is a big liberal, just like you are. He is bad for Arizona and #hewontbeournextsenator
Trumps vindictive disloyalty provoking hate in the country must be challenged by all senate and congress. Thank you. Pls call out other sena
Shouldn't you be retiring and resting up so you can recover???  The US Citizens really don't need your input

I hope you & all other trumpsters know that if these 4 unite with a few others, it is them that can vote 45 out of office. #DoSomethingGOP
Nope he's not working for the people
you and he need to go....sorry guys.  Going against @realDonaldTrump is not what we voted for.  #MAGA
Neither of you are conservative
No, we don't, and we don't need your brand of faux leadership either. We do need @kelliwardaz
Hopefully this clears is up for everyone that he is a RINO because you would only endorse an elitist, big gov type. All about power.
Sorry John, neither of you know the meaning of Leadership or keeping campaign promises! @realDonaldTrump
I think his tumor was hacked by the Russians
He's just as bad as you he's not a Conservative. he's not a "team" player.. uniting the party to pass bill like HEALTH CARE  is needed not u
How is it the POTUS. Can DO THESE HORRIBLE THINGS?!?! HELP!!
Do what? Call a spade a spade! Both sides come for a fight. Both sides responisble for the violence. KKK is evil so is Black Lives Matter.
BLM is fighting for equality and equal treatment under the law. KKK/Nazis fight for hate and bigotry. No comparison.
Must oppose Hate&Bigotry but NOT with Crimanal Acts& Violence.That was the " equivalency"Trump was referring to-Ppl interpreted as " moral"
CVille was a KKK/Nazi event. No equivalence
Or do you condone Violence Actsof Criminality in opposition?- if do then don't talk to me- cause then you're no better than what you oppose.
Personally I don't condone violence, I prefer trying to listen and compromise...
Sometimes people just need to speak and in that conversation, test the ideas and go back to the drawing board.
What the hell do you know about PRINCIPLE'S?
SERIOUSLY, you coined "REPEAL AND REPLACE", then STABBED the WHOLE COUNTRY in the BACK!
RETIRE!
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @OutnumberedFNC
[Trump NOR Pence]...qualified" - Amend. XX
#nullify2016
No, Flake is a flake.#ByeSenators
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @OutnumberedFNC
COMING: America's March to DC
November 7, 2017
#GOP #integrity #nullify2016
#vote @kelliwardaz #draintheswamp
You're both traitors!
You have no standing with PATRIOTS AND CONSERVATIVES.
Talk to me when REPEAL AND REPLACE is done!
When you give your RETIREMENT speech!#MAGA
Your damage will be felt in the short term, but that vote has tarnished a lifetime of public service. I've lost all respect for you.
an endorsement by john 'benedict arnold' mccain LMFAO
The way @POTUS treats @JeffFlake & @SenJohnMcCain is the reason prez's questionable bills won't get through congress,  45's bad judgement!
YOU SHOULD BE ARRESTED FOR WAR CRIMES!
Most of his likes are from his democrat supporters
McCain is Democrat in disguise. Wants war all the time. Pray for his soul, or what is left of it.
I think he sold his soul tons at an long ago
nope we want term limits you and others have been there way to long ,time to step down and let others have a chance
Coming from a guy who has been LYING about REPEAL AND REPLACE for 7yrs...
What CONSERVATIVES TRUST anything that you say?
None I know!
#MAGA
Go away old man. You are tied with George Soros.
U Wiesel we know what u did in Ukraine, we know u meet with terrorist in Syria, u always have been a trader. We know it
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @OutnumberedFNC
re: #nullify2016
[PDF] From Dictatorship to Democracy http://www.aeinstein.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/FDTD.pdf …
AMERICA needs you and him be gone from the senate.Enjoy the healthcare and pension you begrudge the rest of us.
You're a stark-raving lunatic. Arizona didn't elect you or flake to be Democrats.
Hoping he gets beat out! If you are for him, I'm definitely against him! Clean Arizona swamp
Why don't you get PELOSI and SCHUMER to endorse him as well?
ALL RINO'S AND PROGRESSIVES MUST BE VOTED OUT!!
SUPPORT KELLI WARD FOR SENATE!!
You blast President Trump while embracing KKK Grand Dragon Byrd.. What a hypocrite
I'm not taking advice from you John !
Sen McCain, I KNOW ur a leader. PLEASE JOIN SEN CORKER & LEAD us out of danger. Please speak out on Trump INCOMPETENCE & CALL FOR ACTION
John McCain is a lying liberal clothed in republican clothes. He is the poster for Term Limits #TermLimits
He better do it fast because he's gone in 2018.
This guy takes Soros money. Old Rhino, Never Trump, Out Out Out.
You are batting a 1,000 for the wrong party.  Please do the GOP a favor and make it official--you're a democrat!
IF Y'ALL WANT TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE,  IMPEACH TRUMP
No, time for the Democrats in AZ to get our representation in the Senate.

No, sorry John, it's time for you to take care of yourself and leave politics. JeffFlake needs to be replaced with a true conservative.
You need to resign traitor.
Your supporters are Antifa and paid Soros puppets. Americans who support the President and our country DO NOT support you. You're a FRAUD!
Does it no longer bother you to tell a lie apparently not
When has it ever bothered the "maverick"?? He even wet fired his fighter jet to kill servicemen. Always a blow hard and a show boat.
Only ones on this post defending McCain are his true liberal supporters.
U r a senile old man
This is like getting endorsed by Pelosi.
He sucks
And you Mr. McCain need to retire. Utterly dilusional!
Your lies have been exposed #pissgate.
@JeffFlake is a RINO as are you. Both of your should really switch parties to D! We can not count on either of you! @POTUS #DrainTheSwamp
Right on! Arizona won't let America down.

Not going to happen! Flakester is out!
Always ready to be contrary to the president!
Because Jeff Flake does every thing you tell him?
It's time for 2 new Senators in AZ.
If he is as principled as you - I would vote for a democrat.  They also claimed Benedict Arnold was principled. U 2 have a lot in common
shut up ! Never Flake!!!
Wrong again. #noflakes
Anyone who receives your endorsement is doomed.
Only in your dreams
Thank you McCain while cancer takes care of you POTUS takes care of flake. Wow AZ will be free of traitors.
Right on Maverick. Now, go back to bagging on trump. We love you for it!!!!!
That tweet just cost Flake some votes.Endorsed by a RINO.

Let's call it like it is you and  Flake are both globalists and could care less about people who put you in office time for you both to gob
Did you do what was right for the people of AZ on replace and repeal? No. Your vote was personal politics. McCain, you need to leave senate.
Who do you think you're kidding? You both need to retire. You're sell-outs and Vichy-ites.
Flake is a RINO just like you are!
You just doomed his chances.  You should have been out of politics after the Keating fiasco.  Many people lost money. You didnt care.
You are a complete joke. Who are these morons who keep voting for you?!?
I wish we had more like him.
NO! He is a very bad establishment swamp globalist and supporter of the violent Leftist Marxist Antifa. He refuses to condemn the violence.
Repeal and replace ha McCain nice job screwing over voters you claim for seven years it needed to be replaced .seems kind of fraudulent
Two Rhinos 
Jeff is "RINO" 
So you can have more arson, looting and beatings of citizens by your beloved #AntifaTerrorists?
Like we give a rats ass what you think John McCain. You're both going down. I'm counting the days. We are Draining the Swamp..
Stay strong Senator and keep standing up for what is right!
Thank you for your service @SenJohnMcCain
Please retire and allow someone new to represent Arizona... you have served long enough.
Does that mean you can plagiarize the title of a book?!
When thousands come to POTUS Trump rally remember they believed your lies and put you in Senate to help Trump. You lied. Soros puppet!!
Your state needs a cleansing starting with you and flake and they would be much safer
LOL, Can pretty much guarantee THE FLAKE will be voted OUT. PLEASE KEEP ENDORSING HIM. @SenJohnMcCain
Flake is going down and so are you. Voted out for being putrid democrats instead of what you were elected for! COWARDS
I will be donating to @JeffFlake s opponent every month until 2018. He has to go, as you do. You're a.traitorr
We already have @kelliwardaz to replace Flake, McCain you are next!  Do the right thing Arizona and get these RINOs out!
If he follows in your footsteps no thank you....
Thanks 4 putting the nail in his coffin... we appreciate u doing something proper 4 USA, as u never have b4. Your endorsement = zero value!
John McCains endorsement is important to the McMuffin wing of the GOP (>5%) and Dems who won't vote for you anyway. Bye Flake #VoteKelliWard
Boycott @POTUS visit to AZ. NOT WELCOME!
Jeff Flake is disgusting and represents everything we are against.
I am so saddened by your behavior! You screwed the American people with your ridiculous display at the vote for healthcare! Walked and laugh
Both of you get on the band wagon and get rid of the maggot
don't be surprised McCain if Republican voters don't vote for him especially since you endorse him!
Poor Jeff has no hope of winning now.
The tumor must be affecting your mind.  He is a another loser.
Not a chance
You have been called http://out.You  support NAZI George Soros purple revolution,Antifa and radical BLM. U & @MittRomney jealous men
You mean like your lying and traitorous leadership Senator McCain? Two things.1 Kelli Ward WILL replace Flake & 2. Your days are numbered!
Zip it Johnny.
Nope, you and Flake need retired.
@SenJohnMcCain we know your a dem socialist you sold out your country in Vietnam!  Anyone you endorse becomes toxic! @JeffFlake will lose!
Guess you don't like Jeff Flake too much!  Hahahahaha. Go away McCain & snowflake.  #MAGA
Nobody listen to u 2 RINO u are a traitor!
Yup, just like you. A liar & traitor. Only difference he didn't blow up an Air Craft Carrier or betray fellow servicemen.  Quit & GO HOME.
Your a proven liar...go away #TwoLosers
You took my money to repeal and replaced Obamacare and then ran away with your tail between your legs....youre word means nothing
Thank you Mr. Democrat
I think I just threw up in my mouth. These two need to go! Total AZ embarrassment
Citizens of AZ, if you love your country, you'll vote these rhinos out. They are both beholden to George Sorors. PUPPETS!
I will contribute to any Republican who runs against either of you RINOS!
Principled like you John?? JEff Flake should not be allowed to win.
Flake has to go.
Just like your statement repeal-and-replace you're lying now as well. Just go away
Absolutky... and don't get bullied by the bully in chief....
Not really
songbird ur bought and sold by the Dems and Soros u r a traitor to we the ppl and to viet nam .we don't need u, u r jealous ur not in WH 
WE ARE OUSTING JEFF FLAKE. RINO
Flake #Pizzagate
Well that is the end of flake if you like him!
I respected McCain for years. I am sorry to say I am dissatisfied w his choices lately.  I did not realize he was part of the swamp
He is liberal calling himself a Republican. You know all about that.
The Kiss of Death. (All you Democrats - vote for Flake.)
Lying POS Rhinos stick together I see ! I thought you were freaking sick..go away already !
Too bad you didn't do what was right for Arizona by voting no on the Obamacare repeal and replace.
No we don't. He made it clear where he stood on our rights when he didn't even interview Sessions.
Thanks John! Now we now who NOT to vote for! Flake is a POS! Vote him out! Drain the swamp
Take ur meds, flake & u are done in Arizona, who you kidding!!
Thanks for dooming him you traitor. Kiss George for me.
Jeff Flake is a disgusting weak Rino & traitor like un& he will be defeated like u
I wish I never voted for you you are trash in my book and a lot of other people feel the same way jerk quit please to save us
