Yes! H isn't the crooked president! SMH.
you just keep focusing on those worries. Rest of us working on #russiagate
it's ok, sweetie. Everything's fine. #russiagate
it's ok, sweetie. Just calm down now.#Russia#Russia#Russia
Stay off Fox News unless demanding investigation#Russia
resign you are an embarrassment to your party Democratic Party
GO AWAY!
How about not bashing our legally elected POTUS. There are no russian ties.
There is no collusion according to spy agencies.
Tread lightly in the den of vipers, even a Lion, such as yourself, can be bit.
if you taxed the 1% you wouldn't have to cut funding for anything. Not that hard
Senator McCain I just saw your spot on the news. It seems like circling the wagons. Sad to say it. You're caving to the child in charge. SMH
Will you be discussing how bad you have sold out America you coward. #RINO
You lose your credibility by appearing on Fox (aka Fake) News.
Impeach Trump. Get rid of electoral college and give presidency to Clinton for the popular vote.
PLEASE try to knock some sense into them.
Your attempts to undermine @DevinNunes are shameful. The MSM is your constituency. #RINO #leaks
Hope you'll be discussing your impending RETIREMENT.
Not a chance. Time has passed you by.
keep fighting the good fight. Donald doesn't speak for all Republicans. You are a true hero.
No thanks. Not interested in anything you have to say. Heard it all before. Trump loves Russia etc.
You're speaking with Faux Noise? Oh excuse me Fox News. Hahahahaha
Please retire. U R embarrassing. U and lindsey didn't make the cut. Quit crying, and do your job.
â—PLSREADMEâš˜â– 
POTUSðŸ•†STAYðŸ•†THE COURSEMAGAPAID BY SOROSSTAND behind the POTUS THAT WE VOTED FOR
John McCain should retire. Puts his dislike for President Trump before his country
we need an independent investigation to find out who sends you the democratic daily talking points
please retire.
why don't you appear on legitimate media?
With respect Senator, "shut up"
John McCain, next time you run for a Republican Senator, run as a Democrat!!!!
I think john should be investigated he runs overseas constantly
AMEN!
stop talking and take action this administration trying to ruin America
-Nunes must go.
Why is he getting 2 close 2 outing Obama Adm 4 the Dems? closer he gets louder Dems yell SCARE R U
We want an Independent Commission to investigate. The GOP has zero credibilty.
Have 2 wonder why you want Nunes 2 stop digging 4 TRUTH  R U scare he will find your unmasked name?
sorry love Sen McCain just cannot watch fox news. #fakenews
(4) -  You are even going against voter's who voted for you!
(3) - Pres Trump!  You are going against American Citizens! -
(2) - POTUS & DEM BLAME OF RUSSIA TIES! Sir you are going against every voter that voted for -
(1) I hope & I pray that you open your eyes to the truth of what's going on regarding _
please do everyone in america a favor, QUIT!  this is from a guy who once thought you were a hero,
he is irrelevant at this point in his career retire & be quiet
Thank God there's still Reagan-style Republicans like McCain to keep these Kremlin lovers in check.
Please get to the bottom of #TrumpRussiaCollusion. Please end partisan divide so country can move forward. Need true patriot.
no thanks..I don't watch fake news
How about discussing GOP corruption and Nunes undermining Russian investigation?
You have ruined the GOP. It is time for you to go home. You are a democrat.
after @oreillyfactor 's racist remarks yesterday and the FAKE NEWS reported, I will NEVER tune into @FoxNews
You still haven't recovered from the fact that you were soundly rejected by the country Failed POTUS Elect Bitter bitter man
Stick to the facts Senator.
What color coat will you be wearing? The Red or Blue one, did you take your geritol?
or out.
Any chance you'll be announcing your resignation?? #MAGA
Thanks for your courage to hold Nunes accountable.. Please keep fighting against Russian influence!
. Your Russian ties, John?
You're a hero for us, and America loves you. That you cannot enforce the law upon the POTUS must be painful to you.
need 2 decide which side u want 2 b on. Dems r great at united front - GOP SUCKS #ChooseASide #MAGA
if you get your intelligent reports from NBC you're too damn stupid to be in Congress
more Trump Bashing? It's easy right John and gets you in TV weekly. You and Lindsey
Don't criticize Nunes, it appears he's one of the few that wants the whole truth and not a fable
Well, hallelujah, you threw @POTUS a bone on military. Should HRC Podesta be investigated 4 Russia?
Sounded like you were choking getting out just the most rudimentary complement.
Johnny the jet crasher falling from the sky again.This time spilling  fuel on some BS Russian hoax
earned a bit of respect back today. Failed Trump miserably so. Had my vote 1x. That changed
Had more evidence of you and the Keating 5 then Trump and Russia. Short memory
You are obsessed with Russia and Putin. How about what we do to Elections in other countries?
no one cares abt Paul manafort America wants jobs and wall not your Russian nonsense.
I am so disappointed with him. He is just not getting it anymore. He seems to be uninterested.
News Flash McCain you're not the President.
get trump out; stand for the environment
what's sad is just how much you undermine @POTUS. Term limits is all I can think when I hear you
will be more of your drivel, libtard crap coming from your lips
McCain YOU NEED TO GO YOU WANT TO WORK WITH DEMOCRATS WHO WANT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT WE THE PEOPLE ELECTED YOU ARE OFF YOUR ROCKER
you need to STOP talking in Public period!! No one cares what your bought & paid for opinions are!
hope you can bring Republicans and Dem friends together and stop with the anti Trump plays
Please resign. You are an embarrassment and a big help to Dems.
-> as usual @SenJohnMcCain really has nothing of value to say.  He knows nothing.
Talk is cheap ... 
 
 @FoxNews @AmericaNewsroom
STOP undermining our POTUS
John stick with your party and stop crying 
You mean StateTV?  You are better than that. Go to reputable media.
lol who the Clinton News Network? oh I'm sure he will no worries
-> @SenJohnMcCain   good we can get it straight from the ESTABLISHMENT RINOS MOUTH
let me guess, your new book "101 Ways to be a Traitor"???
we sat next 2 u on an airplane months ago,very nice man you are sir....but no can not watch faux
Seriously, I'm going to sleep in.  I'll get more done than you have over 30 years.
You need to support Nunes! You and graham operate against your party! I don't know how you won the election! Retire now!!
So another shot at Trump. No one cares what you think. Your all talk no action.
ugh..no thanks but respect sir
