Corrected photo info: D0285-18
(1/6) President Nixon spoke that day in Hawaii on the occasion of Admiral John S. McCain Jr.'s retirement from the United States Navy.
(2/6) At that time, the Admiral's son, @SenJohnMcCain, had been a prisoner of war in Vietnam for five years.
(3/6) The Admiral's father, John McCain Sr., was Commander of Second Carrier Task Force & Task Force 38 &, like his son, was 4 star admiral.
(4/6) In his remarks, President Nixon said of 3 generations of McCains, "we honor 3 magnificent men, but I know that each of them would...
(5/6) ..want it said that not just these men, but that all men & women who serve in the Armed Forces, are honored today by this ceremony.
(6/6) Let us always respect the men and women who maintain the strength that keeps us free."
Why did @SenJohnMcCain have to be pardoned by Nixon?
President Nixon did not issue such a pardon.
It doesnt take a genius too see what song bird mccain is about..from the keating five to taking george soros money for his foundation!

False
Aren't you glad your dad took care of your *wetstart , sir, how many died because of you. If you answer to American ppl, Trump is your boss.
.@SenJohnMcCain Why are your war records sealed? @MeghanMcCain Why did your father seal his war records? What is #JohnMcCain hiding? Hmm...
Your dad would be sad of your behavior.
Fascinating array.
awesome! a true war hero
Too bad you are not as honorable as your father...Now you just play partisan politics & become a RINO...
Awesome - a criminal surrounded by at least TWO other criminals!
I am mad at Vietnam for letting @SenJohnMcCain go. That was a shrewd tactical move by the commies.
Meghan's demented father has completely trashed their familes name. No he is NOT the POTUS. She obviously needs to remind him of this daily
Songbird
Was this before or after McCain killed those sailors? #McCainbelongsinleavenworth.
Nixon the guy that gave you a pardon 
This will just take a second of your time.  Thanks much.  Sincerely, The United States of America  https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/recall-senator-john-mccain-he-unfit-both-medically-and-mentally-serve-his-duties-senator …
.
The only reason your dad did not go to prison. His father! And to repay it he Destroys America.
J
Another McCain lier who covered up the Liberty's bombing and murder of sailors on that ship. McCain's definition equals Lier
And you would be a disappointment to your dad

John McCain isn't in this picture 
ooo ... one of the first illuminati groups.
Nixon pardoned a @WarCriminal and we all know what happened to Nixon. @SenJohnMcCain is just another #Traitor in #DC

I hope McCain can beat his affliction. He served this country with great leadership and he would be missed.
No way. 99% death soon
Well aware of this but he doesn't seem like such a bad guy.
Admiral McCain made lots of shitty decisions, none worse than having kids.
There are some terrible sick people in this world...I have found many of them post here on the @SenJohnMcCain Threads. Pure hatefulness
it is 2017 and we had a disaster in Texas and LA this last week. we need help? mc Cain
Was that before or after he pardoned your ass?

Kinda like this.
Before or after Nixon pardoned his traitor son?
McCain is no war hero he just got captured. Ask about USS FORRISTAL.
You fit in with the liar Nixon, as you lied to us about obamacare repeal.
John, how much did you take from Soros?
Was this the year that you had to be pardoned for giving away American secrets? . ...# SONGBIRD MCCAIN
YOU answer to US, and WE elected trump, so therefore YOU DO answer to trump. You need to be determined unfit to serve cancer rotted ur brain
God Bless the McCain
Disgraceful treasonous McCain!
Treasonous traitor McCain is.  He's McCain's boss.  You betrayed our country
Just like your father a Traitor.
You are a traitor and the rest of Congress.  We demand you resign
WAR HERO!!! REAL HERO!!
WE LOVE SEN JOHN MCCAIN
Do it @Coldwar_Steve
Ha 
President who pardoned John McCain. Still playing Democrat! Please go back to your party of Dems. Getting paid by them is worse than treason
Look at all the War Criminals. So many War Criminals. #RetireMcCain
#TermLimits
@SenJohnMcCain Is this when Nixon pardoned you? Not even going to say fall in line. Instead resign
McCain,  weren't you pardoned by a president in the past?  And yet, you fault Trump, what a hypocrite.
I use to think you were a good guy, now I think you are a TRAITOR to the American people,  retire for American betterment.
Hi John, When will you raise your voice for #Genocide victims, #Rohingya from Burma.
Honoring a President who pardoned you for being a TRAITOR of the US in time of war.
Forcing DT into a bad Russia relationship & driving them into China's arms at a time when the US needs allies against DPRK was V stupid..
Speaking of retirement photos, when do we get to see some of the senator?
Go away! Don't return to congress! You're SWAMP!!! Just stay home!!
@foreveringrid @SenJohnMcCain @MeghanMcCain I thought it was the Beastie Boys for a sec
Songbird
Lovely memories
Little did Admiral McCain realize that his beloved John would grow up to become an Agent of Antifa.
Sad.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @rushlimbaugh @LindseyGrahamSC @seanhannity What's ur trick now? Using their name for reelection? DISGRACE
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @rushlimbaugh @LindseyGrahamSC @seanhannity you, John. They couldn't believe they have a traitor for a son.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @rushlimbaugh @LindseyGrahamSC @seanhannity Ur father & grandfather are turning in their graves ashamed of
I can see a pack of cigarettes with the Presidential Seal and an ashtray on the table.
You were given preferably treatment your whole life John. And you still failed. #failure
Bet Nixon & the Songbird's father were discussing the pardon granted to war criminal McCain. McCain had these records sealed. #NotAnAdmiral
There is an never will be a John mccain library.  #ever #never
McCain. Do you remember who many sailors you killed on the aircraft during the Vietnam war?
Was he a traitor then too?
Won't you visit me one day
McCain = Turncoat
https://twitter.com/americanhotlips/status/903754646107381760 …
Thankyou Sen. McCain for your piece in WaPo. It was needed at this time when we have a POTUS that feels everyone's here to please him.
He is jealous he is envious people did not wanted him did not voted for him he's dying to be President he could not will not....POS
What an AWESOME picture...
Time for you to retire Senator, we need true Republicans to support the President!  Thank you for your service!

Traitor to America Children
American Terrorist
Is Sen. McCain getting drinks? Just kidding. I understand this was a mistake..now I want to see a picture of Sen. McCain!

May God be with you.
Your grandfather got Nixon to pardon your dad for killing 134 sailors. That photo shows how close he was to Nixon to do that
Since you answer to the people then get the hell out of the way you are doing nothing but harm to the American people. #godiesomewhere
Your heroes library. Didn't Nixon pardon you for treason? #Songbird keep your opinions of #POTUS to yourself.  http://100percentfedup.com/bitter-john-mccain-calls-trump-ill-informed-nasty-oped-dont-answer/ …
John McCain is a evil vile man who is 81 years old & Brian cancer needs to step down  his time is done in the world go to Hell
Your strong words about this president are valid, but how often do you blink & fall in line with Trump, anyway? Far too often.
You suck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE SUCH A FAILURE AND YOUR DAD WAS SO EMBARRASSED BY YOUR LIFE OF FAILURES...
Gotta love   John McCain returns to Congress with a message about Trump: 'We don’t answer to him. We answer to the American people'
McCsin is grandstanding before the dirt nap. It will be a great day for America.
So follow suit already, RETIRE Brutus.
Republicans that cared about people not who stabed all who took hour cut, pay extreme ins fees, extreme deductible, and had to retire early
McCain loves Nixon cause Nixon pardoned him for the 134 sailors he killed
Wow!  Great pic!
When I saw Henry Kissinger on-air commenting Putin sees himself as tsar, my niece asked 'Who's Henry Kissinger?'
older
mais,
je me souviens!
McCain set to return to work following first round of chemo.

He can't miss a beat in BETRAYING "We The People"
That how john McCain got pardoned,  only because Nixon did Johns father a favour.
So this is how you got a presidential pardon. But yet you criticize Trump. Your a doichebag
Maybe TRUMP would be better informed like you John if he was also in the Clinton's http://pocket.You  are a traitor. Drain the  swamp
Maybe TRUMP would  be better informed  like you John if he was also in the Clinton's  pocket. You are a traitor to your party and Arizona
Bot
https://twitter.com/Texan_Virginian/status/903633008447639552 …
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. 
MILITARY TAKE CONTROL OF THE GOVERNMENT 
MUELLER CLEAN HOUSE
AMERICA DEMANDS
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
@GOP @FoxNews @GOPoversight @GOPLeader @TheDemocrats 
What the hell. Grass roots will take over Gov #GOPGONEBY2018
Civil War if that's attempted. Trump is doing he right things. He was just proven right about Charlottesville. Antifa was there and fight.
Brings back memories of past days. Viet Nam, women's movement, black discrimination traded for today's Afghanistan, women's movement, BLM.
Some things just don't change
He will be embarrased of what you have became A Soros and Hillary paid worker the most corrupted member of Congress  Despicable
How very pathologically Russian of you! This won't work in America tho.
Adolph, time to accept that DACCA isn't going anywhere. Nice try!
Bot
McCain was pardoned for TREASON by an impeached POTUS
War criminals get-together
Back off Adolph! Go Home!
John, thanks for the history! You need to retire also! Let's face it your ideas are as old as you are.
Billy, find a hobby. Twitter isn't for you.
And yours it better?
McCain with the Russians
#SquadGoals


Are you proud of this picture?
I love these posts. Thanks!
