Your last re-election was clearly a sham. Ran on repealing Obamacare voted to keep Obamacare.
The GOP didn't come up with a reasonable replacement plan. Had 7 years. Time to fix ACA and move on.
agree. Time move on let the obamacare chips fall as they may over time.
Difference between letting them fall and purposefully sabotaging the healthcare of millions for a political win. We need bipartisan fixes.
Sabotage how? Nope. On bipartisanship To late.

paying the subsidies and bailouts to insurance companies would be sabotaging the American taxpayers. For crony deal between Dems & insurance
I don't think you understand how ACA works. Those payments were the GOP negotiation to pass it. But we can move towards single payer.
I no longer stand with you Senator, for you have lied to us and care more about your legacy as an "Across the Aisle guy" than your promises.
That's not true, he did what was right for all Americans, county b4 party John McCain
Why did he campaign in getting rid of O-Care? I have to pay higher premiums & deductibles I never had b4. It's expensive.
If the Republican "Skinny Repeal" would have passed u would have paid 20% more that u currently do & 32m Americans would have lost insurance
That is what he did when he voted to open debate on the floor; work 2gether 2make it better. He wanted 2 fix it for all Americans.
I'm sure it had NOTHING to do with the million dollar contribution to the McCain Foundation by Global Society Foundation. #NothingToSeeHere
UR right it didn't
Oh...do you stand with USA when you vote no on repeal ACA? Please move to Venezuela and help THOSE people. We in AZ have had it with you.
He voted for a floor discussion to bring in something better.  republicans brought in something worse  Sen. McCain refused 2 vote 4 a fake
That vote was to stop mandates. It was to debate a better deal. I hope POTUS stops funding ACA. Let it FAIL!!
Not true. The bill was to cut funds, stop 16m from getting healthcare n would have raised rates by 20% that's why McCain said
It was to stop the govt. from fining people.Libs say20+ million will lose insurance. 75% of those peeps will drop it cuz they aren't forced.
Not true. They would have lost insurance bc their employer opted out or they lost subsidies. That's what the republicans aren't tell you.
Employers opt out because of price. Now it's cheaper to get part time help and not pay benefits. That's what Obamacare has done.
Not true my cousin works at fast food n they have to offer insurance and he only works 28 hours a week.
Can't believe comments to this post instantly turned partisan and off-topic. What is happening in Venezuela right now is tragic.
Just like our sham election
Would hope you stand as tall for America as you claim to do for Venezuela.
@SenJohnMcCain is an officer & a gentleman. He has more than earned his place on the right side of history. Best wishes for a full recovery!
U should go there and straighten them out! Btw we don't stand with u! U stand for lying and evil! Ur a traitor to the American people!
John, why don't you take a stand against the GOP voter suppression at home that handed the presidency to Trump?
How dare the GOP suppress the necro-American vote!  #postmortemvotingrights
What about the people of Turkey and Hungary?
As a CIA operative, I helped to put socialists in power in Venezuela! #DestabalizeFriends #UndermineDemocracies #Globalism #Socialism
Your buddy boys on the Democrat side of the aisle have been propping Venezuela up for years. Go laugh with them.
Socialism has nothing to do with Venez. Maduro is a terrible leader in a flat Econ since oil tanked.
Be great if you stood up for us and our lousy healthcare debacle.
Senator McCain you don't like sham elections.  Please tell your fellow Congressmen and women.
Good luck to you
Here is an idea... why don't you stand with the Repubican party....well?
You should stand with the American people who don't have Healthcare. Yet here you are worried about Venezuela.
And we're next if we don't stop Trump pretty d*mn*d soon!
Senator the people of Venezuela deserve a TPS
Sign the petition at:
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/temporary-protected-status-tps-venezuela-0 …
Keep being a maverick Sir!  Don't always agree with you-but I have tremendous respect for you.  Thanks for your service!  Praying for you.
Thank you! #Hero
He is NO hero!! Obstructionist!
The film flam man himself Senator Songbird and nutsack McMullin
With all due respect @SenJohnMcCain what will American people say about US elections if you and GOP continue cover up given your statement?
Good luck John,  You & your  Family. are in my thoughts  & prayers .  Thank you for saving ACA.
We deserve the same.
It's delusional to think that can't happen here in America. We are well on our way to authoritarian insanity by an unfit and chaos Pres.
I'd like to think our founding fathers learned much from what they hoped to emerge from.  Lets see if rule-by-law rather than by-men works.
There's also a danger having all Generals in Gov't. Civilians are an important balance. Militaristic views are very often not civilian views
Nearly unseen in news - 20 yrs of politicization in military leadership.  A price for some careers the military is still reeling from.
Thank you Senator for standing up for our democracy.
Dear stupid Cindy. We are NOT a democracy, we are a Republic. Most learned this in 7th grade.
You tried to bomb civilians in Vietnam to stop people choosing the government they wanted. You can't speak about 'democracy'
Please don't blame vets. They didn't set policies only did what their country ask of them, and bravely I might add.
Their country ordered them to massacre Asian folks without questioning why. That's not brave it's criminal.
Do you really think they wanted to be there? You're right this country has got it wrong before, ask the native Americans.
They sprayed Agent Orange over villages. Massacred Mai Lai. That's criminal, done reluctantly or not.
Well, I have to say, I don't understand why there are any wars. However all of humanity is to blame. We can't pick one group over another.
We can blame the Americans, who attacked, over the Vietnamese, who defended themselves.
Great Senator thank you. These criminals should be punished as soon as possible. I wish we could do the same as we did with Osama Bin Laden.
Senator we see 2 important Venezuelan leaders were taken by force from their homes. Let's cut the money pipeline not buying more oil please.
Sir your the Sham.
No he is not: promote-work together to make it better!
Naw. They are all failing the people.
They have made it obvious they don't care about us.
#GREEDYLIARS
Kind of reminds you of the sham of the election that we had in the United States
U call an electoral college victory a sham, president wasn't selected by bi-coastal liberals. Get over it.
McCain. Go away. Traitor to this nation. Bought and paid for by Rothschild and Soros.
You are unfit for office
If you had not been pardoned, you'd be in a jail cell for treason
Amazing how many dopey people on this twitter thread are proclaiming America is a democracy. We are a REPUBLIC.
Sadly - I see our country - corrupt leadership - heading
Whoah. Talk about sham elections!
#VenezuelaDemocracy #USADemocracy FOLLOW THE MONEY Trump/Russia/MoneyLaundering/Collusion/Traitor! #Resist ProtectFreedom@JoeNBC
Dear Senator @SenJohnMcCain , sorry I missed your clear statement about Turkey. Can you please repost it?
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for standing up to Trump. Please continue and ensure America doesn't go that far. Get better soon!
If you were @POTUS this nightmare would have ended years ago.
Yeah, but McCain also says he can use force to keep us from buying the insurance we want on the free market so screw what he thinks.
Will you take a stand against voter suppression on our own shores, Senator?
Your democracy - ordinary fascism....
We dont like sham elections here, either.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Turkey's leader gets WH invite, but Venezuela's get rebuke? #hypocrisy
So @SenJohnMcCain, how come Venezuela deserves democracy but USA apparently dsn't under wannabe DICTATOR @realDonaldTrump? Be CONSISTENT!
@Kasparov63 sounds like @GOP and Trump's America....streets of Chicago
Is this said ironically? I mean the part about sham elections?
Can we send tRump to Venezuela? Seems like a good fit for both countries.  Don Dick Tater.
The USA deserves a Democracy even more
I'm truly hoping we the people won't have to go this far to get rid of our wannabe dictator #realdonaldtrump
LOL!!
just b/c you sent money to fascist parties in Venezuela doesn't mean you deserve a return on your investment
No "Svoboda" in Venezuela
stop with the hyperbole...
they have oil and no longer need the petrodollar and your lobbyists don't like it
#nomorewar

You are a Sham of a Senator!
I Have family living tbere and it sounds like what Trump wants to turn  U.S.A. into; a banana republic. Maduro started with the press too.
And we stand by you sir & TY for your service.  We know you will beat cancer, send it to immediate remission.  

Wish you all the best
Thank you Senator 
@SenJohnMcCain Don't US citizens deserve democracy? Why don't you stand up against sham elections here at home? #25for45 #Democracy
We also deserve democracy-not sham elections and Trump's repression.
So do the people of America, sir. Maybe that was your sub-text. I've had a hard time reading you lately.
@SenJohnMcCain How about you and @SenateGOP pay more attention to the sham election in the US? Our democracy is on shaky ground.
Thank you Senator. God bless you, protect you and give you speedy recovery.
Your mark on democracy will be in HISTORY BOOKS! Thank you Sir! Praying for you & your family.! Love you. Sir!
Are you talking about the USA and Trump?????
This is what happens when you default on your IMF loans,international mafia fund, spreading austerity and multinational looting corporations
The US doesn't deserve sham elections either.   Let's fix US
Senator, we the people of the United States of America are dealing with a sham election and the gop is doing nothing to fix it! Help us!
@LuisFirebug
Thank you
What about ours? You know, that whole Russia thing? I'm certain I could identify a litany of abuses and repressions here. #MenOfHonor? #USSA
repeat after me: IMPEACH HIM. Now tell the other 534 knuckleheads we need democracy too
Pretty sure we're not allowed to mock other countries' elections any more.
Thank you Mr. McCain! Venezuela really appreciate your support and condemned sham elections! This goverment keep killing just 2 remain power
So do Americans. Why aren't you investigating Our last election?
Don't think this can't happen in America.Venezuela was a democracy.All it takes is a corrupt authoritarian & followers. Witness Don the Con
We just went through our own sham election @SenJohnMcCain
Yet no condemnation by @SenJohnMcCain ... 
Nope he just points finger elsewhere
Not only do we stand with them we are very close to being them, we also had a sham election won by a person who wants to be a dictator
You are a national treasure! Wish you the best @ Mayo. My friend Jamie will be there tomorrow fighting liver failure. Praying 4 both of you.
@Evan_McMullin Wait!  What about the sham American election of 2016?
Ummm...speaking of sham elections...
Americans also deserve democracy.... not sham elections and Trump's repression.
I don't know who you stand with your leader and the republicans haven't stood for an American in some time!
From a the bottom of my heart. Thank you for your support  @SenJohnMcCain

McCain loves bombing cops and lynching black people
What about the U.S.? We deserve democracy--not sham elections. Do you stand with us too?
Can u get BO care down there John; ungot it here
What would you know about democracy when you voted for Obamacare
Go tumour!
Thank you for your kind words Mr. McCain. We appreciate your constant support statements in favor of the Venezuelan people
u have no idea what's right 4 any country.Ur a liar & a traitor.U lied 2 keep ur seat, then shown true colors on vote thur.As
It was a free, fair and internationally observed election. Stop with the propaganda.
and I guess we deserve to be like #Venezuela now.Sad when so many in government hate their own country and resent the will of its own people
Retire you are senile and sick your hate for Trump clouds your judgment old navy friend
Sham elections, like the last one we had here? Time to expose the Russian involvement and clean the WH of the cons, crooks, and nuts!
We see you now for what you are - a sellout!
You sold out your fellow soldiers in Nam and now you sold out the People back home.
Go away John, you had your chance. All talk, no action. No faith in you.
We feel their pain with the sham Congress people we have in office. #DrainTheSewer !
Kinda like here I would say.  Thanks for standing up to what was right in the HC vote.
How about you stand with the people of America some day. 

I reject you and everything you do. You are a liar.
Thank You so much Senator McCaain and all the best in you recovery. God Bless You.
Thank you so much!
Our election was a sham election.
So does America, sir. How can we be an example to them or anyone whole we allow a puppet of the russians to live in the WH?
Too bad u dont stand with Americans on health care
Your NO vote on ACA repeal is like putting Americans in financial jeopardy. Resembles Maduro forcing policy on Venezuela people!
You don't stand with the AMERICAN people!! Years of replace and repeal are all lies! You are a RINO! Retire
Senator we need international intervention these criminals won't leave Venezuela by vote thanks for your support, thoughts and actions
Thanks Senator for your support to Venezuela@SenJohnMacCain as UScitizen I feel proud of  when we support Democracy and liberty
Thank you Senator for putting what is right over what is expedient in your healthcare vote. And thank you for standing up for human rights
Does this mean U.S going to stand by & watch another criminal gov't commit a genocide & sham elections as they did in #Syria for 6+ years?
Venezuela's terrorist regime is using mercenaries to kill students that are protesting against hunger and shortage  and now sham elections!
And yet the American people continue to ridicule our own President.
Sham elections are what the #GOP dreams of. And Trump sounds an awful lot like he'd like to rough up citizens. #unamerican
Start standing with the people of the United States
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump has added Maduro to his most admired people list though...
Why aren't U standing 4 Real True AMERICANS, CONSTITUTION & duly elected POTUS TRUMP?


Retire already... And never come back.
Shut up
Should concern yourself with the citizens of the US. Thanks for the $40,000 per year insurance bill I pay. Then get taxed on.
Stay out of others business and focus on making America great again.
Thank you. We con on you
Count
Sir then please can you get Mr Trump to go to the people's aid, they are sick, have no medicine, little food and are dying at Maduro's hands
Go Away !! You have no credibility and you a traitor ! You pandering Liberal Fraud !
Too bad you don't stand for the USA and keep your promises #repeal u laughed and said let's see Donald MAGA #sad4arizona #lies
We gonna start bombing them now?
Why can't America make a statement in support??
Not with the people of #Venezuela; in reality, you stand with lynchers and people-burners, i.e. terrorists. Not surprising coming from you!
Don't we deserve that as well?
u  don't stand with, you creep around...........
We don't deserve sham elections either.
*We* deserve to not have sham elections, and to actually have real democracy. It is suspect that we have that now, and treading poorly.
Re-elected with promises of repealing Obamacare.
How about taking care of our government first ? Let's fix our country first then we can help the world.
absolutely,i&my great beauty @margbrennan condemned,concerned election,& situation in #venezuela ,should restore human rights,democracy..

Gracias desde Venezuela

Wow since trump nothing but brutal elections in the world so much for America being in positive pedestal!!
#McCain a true #American #coward & #traitor
U.S. had a sham election also
Sort out your own country first start with you retire before trump sacks you
And yes the leader of Venezuela is a scum bag like all socialist..including our democratic socialist party...
Why not get rid of Ocare all together..go back to privet medical then Congress can work something out later..better than getting ripped off
John McCain, the JUDAS in the Republican Senate!
Your services are no longer needed. Sit down. And apologize to your wife for calling her a 'cunt'. Apologize a million times. #NastyOldMan
Why did 8 million people vote then ?
https://youtu.be/Ece5U1A8elE 
And not a word from POTUS.
As does the US!
Too bad you don't stand with the American people!
Don't leave Venezuela alone
White imperialist
What are you going to do about AMERICA'S sham election? AMERICA deserves DEMOCRACY too, not some BS hostile interference. #DEMOCRACYNOW
What a loser r u? Liar when u gonna retire. ?? cant wait to see u go
Give them democracy?  Why?  So they can put up with the crap the dems give out?  And from you and the other rinos?
Sen McCain we know your highly paid staffers are writing this garbage...Can't you and your Democratic staffer go away and leave us alone.
It's a shame you didn't stand with the republicans that voted for Obamacare to be repealed when they reelected u because you said you would
@sourdoughme Mr. McCain you spent millions on ads to get my vote in Az promising Repeal/Replace. Honor our democracy 1st plz!
Mr. McCain I hope you regain you health I'm going to pray for you.  And I hope you honor your commitments to us!
You are the shame in this country Judas McCain
Thank you, it seems our democracy is under siege, will you choose us over tRump?
Auto determinación de los pueblos=democracia, no la interpretación caprichosa que a sus intereses hace la elite del imperio y sus serviles.
What about the healthcare problem here in the US?
Thank You sir.
To bad you turned into a coward no longer respect you wish you would retire but you won't you will go down just like Ted Kennedy very end
John we need more senators like you
We? Why didn't you stand with Americans  you are part of the never Trump, and that's your agenda sad
Unfortunately until we figure out how to unhack our voting machines, we are also @ risk for sham elections
When you get a chance.
Like our sham election?
Wish you stood with America John!
You support dictators and oppressive regims. Wish you well with the treatment and that you NEVER come back.
Sir, Trump is threatening our elections and democracy right now. How about the @GOP do what is needed and #25thAmendmentNow
Like what has happened to the USA Sen. McCain?
Save us from the sham that is happening here PLEEEEEEEEEESE
thank you Senator. We Venezuelan-Americans appreciate your support. Now let's get the oppressive illegitimate government out
You misspelled United States and Trump,  @SenJohnMcCain.
Shut up old man
lol their country's more democratic than ours--which is why it doesn't privilege the right like ours does
@ brain cancer, work faster please
