Don't pat yourself on the back much?
Well he is a liberal and does like wars. He is so disgruntled and angry. He would do anything against Trump. Even if it does harm citizens
Congratulations Sen McCain!
Now who would want to tune in for that ?
Thank for your service Sir.
Senator McCain's friend Jane Fonda is missing from this photo.
Traitor McCain.
I'd rather listen to someone reading my last will and testament than listen to anything you have to say.
and so would we.
.  Such a nice human.
touche.
No hard feelings we need to get to a place where we don't hate each other.
You are my hero, our nation's hero, not Trump's. Where does he belong?
I hear a echo. You ok
#votemccainout
I'll make sure and make plans to have a good dinner and drink a glass of wine thanks but no thanks
So proud to have voted for you in '08. You're the definition of classy statesman. This navy vet salutes you and has your back, sir.
Hoping for a retirement speech. #retire
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your lifetime of service and especially for your words and actions over the past few months. #LibertyMedal
Thanks but no thanks
Nobody cares anymore John. Go away.
Your a good man, but let's get on the Trump agenda, we need to get things done
Trump stated you are a coward and not a war hero. What did he do for the usa?
Sacrificed his billionaire lifestyle to serve a bunch of whiny ungrateful pansies
He is directly profiting from the Presidency. Name one positive thing he’s done.
Donated 2 Houston Listen to the American people. Stood up for national anthem. Travel ban. Enforcing immigration laws. Standing up 2 Korea.
He picked a fight with the NFL. He banned Muslims except the ones he does business with. He’s on the verge of a disastrous war with NK
So u r upset about anti American millionaires, Muslims & keeping peace w/communist country
#whataboutAmerica?
What communist nation my  love?move with the world and times. Fascists find it hard i know. But yes you can!
North Korea. hello? I will follow your lead.
When are you going to retire an let someone else run
Anyone can run. Seems no one can beat him ..
So right
You say it is live but you are dead to 59 percent of the American people just retire.
No thank you
Yes ok One Vote Johnie waiting. Big announcement your stepping down.
Brilliant!  The Oppressor in Chief (of conservative values) addressing the Liberty Medal ceremony.
I read the transcript of your speech and I fully agree! Thank you for speaking up!
pray to heal y cancer. You have a r to country, Benedict Arnold was a hero before he betrayed the U.S. History will remember
Will it be like these speeches where you lied repeatedly to your constituents?
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
Your becoming more unhinged by the day, when are you going to start wearing Pelosi's wig??? Your looking more a fool with every siting.
Nope! #NOTMYAZSENATOR 
#LATINASFORTRUMP
Lol more bloviating how great you are?
What a joke, invite the men from the Foresstal!
Congratulations Senator!
I haven’t always agreed w/your positions & that’s good.
1/
However, I’ve never questioned your service to our country.
We need you & other GOP Congress members more than ever to speak truth to power!
I love this man !
Traitor!
Well deserved #LibertyMedal

Thank you Senator McCain.  You really are a light of hope in these times.
 a beautiful ceremony, thank you Senator for your service,  congratulations on your award!
That is what a true patriot and hero sounds like. Thank you for your service and reminding us all of our duty to this country.
Wow! Really? Uh-oh, a Family Guy re-run is on then.  I'll take the make believe joke vs the real life one - you.
Meghan You must be so proud of your Dad he's a Force to be reckoned with! Bless him!
Delete your account
You sir, are so deserving of this honor. We thank you for your service and for your continued and honorable fight to defend our liberty.
If you told the truth this wouldn't be so mushy. Get real Johnny!
You ain’t a bit player! You are the personification of this greatest civilization in human history!
Thank you Senator McCain.
Congratulations @SenJohnMcCain, always have been so PROUD of you, and  for you! 
No thanks. Wish you would just go home and hike and grill quietly
Congratulations to you, and thank you for your service. Glad @JoeBiden is there to give it to you.
How many times can one arrogant traitor brag on himself in one day. #termlimits
#no thanks
Rebuke TRUMP
Congratulations Senator. You're a true American hero and we're all grateful.
Do you even know where you are or your name at this point. It’s after 7, shouldn’t you have had your warm milk and be asleep for 14 hrs now?
Whatever.
That would be a total waste of my time!
No thanks
Well deserved, sir. Congratulations and thank you.
Congratulations Senator. Well deserved! Thank you for serving with dignity; something that is virtually nonexistent now.
Congratulations and thank you for your service to this nation.
Congratulations. You deserve it.
How to make my democratic constituents revere me even more ... 
in 3,2,1
Think the men on the Forrestal who died as you ran deserve a piece of that medal? RETIRE Brutus
No one wants to listen to you
Glued to the screen! Congratulations! U are our hero! God bless you! THANK U sir 4 all you've done & do. Much love & great respect 4 u. 
You gonna apologize for thumbs down vote
PROUD OF JOHN McCAIN A REAL AMERICAN HERO HE SERVED AS A GIANT AS A POW-PRESIDENT LINCOLN WOULD BE PROUD TO CALL JOHN McCAIN, A REPUBLICAN
I wish you a good health
Climbing a tree would be more exciting.
Congratulations to a real American hero.
A speech on how to make America great again?  We've tried that. @POTUS @KellyannePolls
The only thing I want to hear from john McCain is.   Goodbye.
Congrats
OJ's infamous book >>> Register online to bid!
https://lelands.com/bids/bidplace?itemid=84280 …
#bitcoin #btc $btc $btcusd $nflx #nfl #dwts
Pristine copy: OJ's 2006 first edition 'If I Did It' book
bidding started, ends October 27th #auction @Lelandsdotcom
https://lelands.com/bids/bidplace?itemid=84280 … 
No thank you.
I'm an AZ Dem wishing you well. Congratulations! I'm horrified by nasty comments made here. Free speech ok but pick an appropriate moment.
Never forget
John McCain is “not a war hero—I like people that weren’t captured." Donald Trump #AMJoy 
Says a five time deferred imp! Afraid to defend this country.....Coward!
Thank you for your service sir
Do your thing son! Fk the haters, and btw, I'm 63 and a Vet.
Thanks but No Thanks!!!
Welcome to Philadelphia! Congratulations on a well deserved honor! God bless!
A RETIREMENT SPEECH?  I'M ALL EARS.   :)
I can guess what the title is -- "How to Be a Traitor."
hell no!  bitter old man!
You're a liar and have let the American people down John, just because you hate @realDonaldTrump. You're a sad little man  !!
Please retire John
You're in Philly now John - home of freedom -
Congratulations, Senator McCain!!  No one deserves it more than you.  You have served your country well.  We thank you.
NO THANK YOU.  I don't watch demo-crap speaches
Congratulations!
I'll make sure to have many cats to shave. Better than wasting time listening to Sen McStain !
So proud of you! Hang in there as long as you can. We need your voice to save the USA from ignorance disguised as the DJT mandate.
God bless you, sir.
Please pay homage to the four soldiers who lost their lives in Niger. Thank you Senator!
Looking forward to watching. ; )
My beautiful city.
Two liberals talking? No thanks. You're a liar who deceives Arizonans.
I'll be listening!
Please don't do US any favers
No thanks! You are against your Republican Party which is so wrong. God bless you during your battle with brain cancer & the horrible battle
My thoughts and prayers are with you
No thanks #TraitorMcCain #FraudMcCain #RecallMcCain
just sickening
So-called twitter patriots are sickened by a true patriot.
So sad.
I hope you feel good and can't thank you enough for caring about my health!
No thanks!!
Not
I do hope you Sir are doing better heath wise. Wish you all the best sir!
Congratulations Senator McCain! You are a very honorable man!
Perhaps helping Puerto Rico, funding CHIP, healthcare is a better use of $$$ instead of $5 TRILLIon in TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES
Trumps is giving a job to a drug dealer @RepTomMarino
You have my highest respect, thank-you for you service to this country!
Congratulations Senator. True patriots salute you and your service.
No thanks. Please resign ASAP.
watch bbc4 UK instead
Congratulations Senator McCain!
Can't wait! Congratulations! 
I'd rather watch a Dung beetle roll up a wad of then have to listen to you
Hope your health is improving sir. We do need more sane republicans.
But he’s a liar. How is lying through your teeth for years a character quality of a sane person in your eyes?
McCain a lier? How? Most honest rep in there. Can't think of any competition here? Who?
He’s a senator BTW. Google Keating 5 just for starters.
Who cares
Give Trumo hell..hopefully..
Thanks for the warning geez
Not a chance McCain. Enjoy
Are you going to let der Trumpen Fuhrer snack you around sone more or are you just going to hold Lindsey’s hair back while he blows him?
Hope it is your defection to the democratic party? You would be welcome Sir!
Once a traitor always a traitor
We still have a Constitution, could have fooled me?
Thought they used that for bathroom paper right after they wrote it?
I’d rather have a root canal.
Without any novacaine. One right after the other. I AGREE. McCain is a DISGRACE
with Russian subtitles on would presume?

Sorry I HAVE to wash my dog
USA sold Kurdistan To Iran
A shameful day for “defenders” of humanity, democracy & free world, for their silence in face of oppressions against people of #Kurdistan
