Bc #GOP didn't like that black guy in the WH that's it very simple.......and still don't like
#Obama
McCain and the establishments are finally getting their ways in Syria .This was a set up for trump and he fell for it . very disapointing .
Bullshit!! They are using that airfield TODAY. It was planned to have very little damage. Important message that Trump stills supports Putin
No that message was not sent, runways at the airport weren't even hit and Assad's regime was using the airport today as #45 was busy golfing
Did he have Congressional approval?
@WhiteHouse @congressdotgov @TheDemocrats @GOP
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
HELP them? Like giving them a safe refuge away from the atrocities to save their innocent lives?? Do not distract from #Trumprussia #resist
YES!, Yes It did send and important message.. that is that you and him are cut from the same cloth COVER IS BLOWN! 
So country can't count on you.Sad. Take a deep breath & think logically & see if you can smell anything fishy. Start with calls to Russia.
Hey Sen McCain, what about the refuge children who are living in freezing tents? Or the beautiful  babies of parents being deported by ICE
They are not freezing in tents. The camps are set up very well.
Really? Have you been there?maybe you can live in a tent in fear & see if u think it is adequate.Being set up 'very well' is coming to U.S.
Very well would be that but that's not going to happen anytime soon
We aren't listening to you anymore. You're pathetic. You lie and don't give a shit about America.  Do you have balls?
You were our only hope. Now you're back to being a disappointment.
I agree you must resist EVERYTHING Potus is trying to do. When you stand with him in the end it is disappointing
Trump just trying to deflect from #TrumpRussia. Has no plan. Needs Congress to approve a war.
That would ring truer if his concern extended to the refugees trying to get out of Syria.
Or the Master Deflector did it again. Didn't care when they drowned or got bombed! Why now? Make us think he is anti-Russia?
What is the endgame? How do we define success? Hopefully, not a 40% approval rating.
#Putin & #Assad "ConTINUe" to Be #complicit in The #SyrianCrisis #Genocide & nOw AiDiNG #DonTheRacistCon in #deflecting FrOM #another #crime
Planes launched from bombed area within 24 hours after strikes? Some message!
You stood by when you voted to ban Muslim refugees from entering the US.  You're cool with innocents suffering but cooler with BOMBS.
Disappointing: voting for the nuclear option & support for Trump's Syrian attack w/o congressional approval, yet warning Putin in advance.
BacharAlAssad est un criminel de guerre il faut le sortir du pouvoir
Trump does not care about Syrians.
I'm not seeing what this strike actually achieved.  Where the hell is the rest of the world and how are they reacting?
Sure, what's next? More boots on the ground? No Middle East policy or doctrine is putting us in a dangerous position.
Trump isn't going to implement a competent plan re Syria. He's going to fuck things up & then blame someone else bc that is what Trump does.
YOU LIE. Traitor's strikes were collusion with Russia, did NO damage, to lead us into a WAR to distract. THEATER. YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
McCain you have just been played by trump & putin, now you praising trump for something him and putin planned. Get a Clue McCain!!!
Forget about airstrip new air bombings amoral use ppl desperation 4 political gain.
YOU MUST BE HAVING SO MANY ORGASMS OVER THIS SIR !.
No war.  Trump is dangerous.  Use diplomacy not war.
About time you back our president.
Another war. This must be like a non-stop orgasm to you.
Hope not for the children. Syria may end up another Somalia.
It will. 
I wonder how many rubles were invested into this deflection
Or Trump dollars. I am convinced there will soon be a hasty peace initiative & Putin will back down DT will reward - trade restrictions down
Then the #Trumprussia defenders will argue the puppet can't collude and be at war with Russia, at the same time. Rigged courts will agree.
FBI won't stop but may give Trump some brownie points in court. Also it may end up forcing wedge between DT & Russia. SB is out watch Jarod
Bannon being seen at a NSC meeting yesterday is ominous. I have a growing feeling this is all an act. We need an independent investigation
Strong possibilty. #falseflag. Lots peeps been saying he was looking for one.
The statement from @POTUS was sufficient to start; world leaders need to collectively strike Assad down; not our US military
So sad to see a once-great American played like a cheap fiddle by carnie con man and a Russian dictator.
Thank you senator McCain for your courageous stance. It did send out a powerful message to the dictator in Syria and the Mullahs in Iran.
you're the one that slaughters innocent Syrians. You're the terrorist
its as if Obi Wan turned us over to the Dark Side. :(  U were our only hope. Hope gone
What about the innocent slaughtered by US backed "rebels"?
That is bs. 535 member of Congress, remember?
Obama went to Congress to get approval to order military action against Syria but you didn't do!  Why not??
I agree wit the attack? Why did you condemn Obama's attack on Libya as he was also trying protect innocent Libyans from Gaddafi? #principles
So, is it protocol to give them heads up to move out before launching attack?
But yet Congress wouldn't approve Obama to do it.  So Trump does as he pleases and it's okay?
NO - it is deflection & lame attempt at looking strong - & that lil thing of congressional approval is lacking
It's about time you supported our president
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain glad @POTUS pushed Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria with #SyriaStrikes last night: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
No, John. We did and will continue to watch this slaughter...difference in this case was saran gas!
45 just wants to distract from other issues going on! If he really cared about women and children of Syria, he would allowed refugees!
How come OBAMA needed Congress approval but Trump did not?
Wait for McCain to say in less that 48hrs something along the lines of "and we should not forget about Ukraine"
The Middle East has been a mess 4centuries & nothing we do will change that. Bombs will make it worse.Diplomacy is only hope.The only hope
The government is winning the war, they are not that stupid to use chemical weapons and draw international attention. All smoke n mirrors
All seems like a scripted & staged reality show but sadly this is actually real. More like a distraction than a real plan to help refugees
This doesn't change who Trump is we will not be distracted from the investigation
You have been a coward the day you took off your military uniform.
Did they ever strike us? We promote peace and liberty at home, not searching for monsters to destroy abroad.
Make @POTUS consult Congress before he and his generals continue to play Army.  YOU know this is not a game!
в аду, черти специально для @SenJohnMcCain уже начали разогревать отдельную сковороду.
Congressional authorization? NATO participation?
Gas attacks. Ban on Syrian refugees. Is the missile strike his Reichstag fire moment?
Yes & poll #s will rise, investigations will dissapear, talk of collusion will cease & @GOP senators will fawn. Was this really about #Syria
I finally agree with you
This is a HUGE mistake!!! Stay out of Syria
You are such a disappointment
Sen McCain, when was the last time you were in Syria?  What was the agenda?
No Senator. No.
The same innocents that are so dangerous because they are Muslim that Trump banned them? I knew Trump would start WWIII, but so soon?
Not really.
What happened to #America first?
Refugees.
I sincerely appreciate the thoughts & positions u share. U'r bipartisan, pro-America approach is one more should embrace!
This is why you want to go to war the last 2 countries who don't want anything with your goals and SISI so you kill them?
Why not unify Iraq Syria and Jordan under King Abdullah as uk like system even temp for stability and one army. Sunni and Shia would like.
So this is an attempt to distance ourselves from Putin?
Go away McCain. You've lost credibility.
you didn't care when they were washed up dead on shores. This has never been about the Syrian people.

The last POTUS tried 4 years ago and Congress said no.  so quit pointing fingers at others and get off your high horse, old man
Agreed but how about not making these life/death decisions in a vacuum? trump must consult congress!
Congratulations, your donors get a return on their investment. You have fought long and hard for more and more bombs over Syria.
douchebags
you mean the same innocent Syrians @potus wouldn't allow in our country for fear of terrorist possibilities? hmmm...
You are no hero pal.
This.
This strike sent a very important message: America openly supports ISIS and terrorists who do have chemical weapons
Senator you talk a lot of sense when you discuss Russian role in the Syrian carnage. Unfortunately, the Trump admin is still appeasing them.
Please can you confirm your stance regarding the US supporting & sheltering #SyrianRefugees @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain?
so you prefer your terorists
JOHN
PLEASE DON'T BE FOOLED
BY TRUMP'S LATEST
DEFLECT & DISTRACT
STRATEGY.
WHAT BETTER WAY TO TAKE OUR ATTENTION AWAY FROM HIS TIES TO PUTIN
Without Congressional approval? Why the hell are you ok with this?
Thanks Mr. McCain during obama time US was like a sick horse.good message to arrogant putin too
they have been living the lives we live, families, pets, computers jobs etc but a bunch of cowards with bombs & gas tries to kill them off!
#FakeNews peddler McCain habitually misrepresents facts in order to promote war. When will this stop? #warmonger
You mean the ideas he stole from Hillary tonight ? :)
Am really surprised that as a vet, you don't seem to have ever met a war you did not like
Come on Senator.This POTUS has no idea what he's doing,and your Party put him there.What exactly is the US policy on all this?Do you Know?
And you know Assad slaughtered his own citizens...how, exactly?
Please tell us why Assad would do this, and what exactly he hoped to gain
Did it?  I recall Clinton striking AQ training camps before 9/11 because of World Trade Center bombings.  Did nothing.  Just for show?
Just another badly crafted red herring that gullible GOP trumptards eat up. Runways intact. Heads up given. Putin ordered gasing. #donthecon
@KeithOlbermann @telesurenglish  SCOOP I GOT IT RIGHT CALLING US FOREIGN POLICIES HYPOCRITICAL AFTER CHEM ATTACK  
Two questions: Do you agree with us aiding Saudi Arabia in starving the people of Yemen? As a war survivor, why do you crave it so much?
Unfortunately,chemical and conventional weapons kill innocent Syrians. What if the House had ok'd response in 2013 proposed by Obama?
Should have gone to UN (would not have worked, but still) then should have gone to Congress. Trump not smart enough for these decisions.
Like the GOP did in 2013.  Changing view on Syrian refugees? DJT has not publicly condemned Putin, only Obama. A loyalist he is not
Wonder if any of those killed would be alive if we accepted the refugees here from Syria.
Why kill airmen and planes; why not go after command and control at presidential palace. That would probably stop use of gas,
Really? It was wrong for Obama to do it, but now it's ok? Such hypocrites. #UnauthorizedSyrianWar #Hypocrisy #Resist
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/09/01/world/middleeast/syria.html?referer=http://m.facebook.com …. Voted against when Obama was president though didn't ya!!
Will you declare war?  Or another undeclared war, like VietNam?
it time for you to support Trump. This is a tough situation.
Didn't realize McCain had such a Lib following. But since he is a Lib in wrinkled sheep skin anyway, any room on the F-McCain bandwagon?
No.It sends the "important message" that if his approval ratings weren't in the toilet, not one of you would give a shit about these muslims
how was your visit to Syria last month?  Some of us can put 2 and 2 together. Go crash another plane, Superstar
wrong,dude...stupid is as stupid does 
Thank goodness this had nothing to do with sinking poll numbers. You gettin' senile John?
Digusting you went along with that nuclear shit to get Gore butt in as justice.  Repeatedly can't trust you people to do the RIGHT thing.
You are all insane, where is the Congressional approval????
Ok. But he better have some brains there.   Great he's at Mar a Logo for something that important.
He probably did the obvious and right thing. I'm worried that we could have initiated a new long term conflict
This is all @senjohnmccain cares about blood and war.  Finally gives Potus a pat on the back for committing murder..  #Syriahoax
Any chance you can also recommend a safe zone, humanitarian aid and allow refugees?
Emphasis on Russia and Putin. Bombing low value targets from the sea doesn't scare Assad as long as Putin has his back. #WrongTargetTrump
Then let in Syrian refugees you hypocrite. We will not rally around a criminal trying to deflect our attention from his crimes. #russiagate
What hypocrites
Congress just waking up after 8 years smh President Obama wanted to do the samething but you Rethugs  in Congress said no
Are u ok with the lack of congressional approval?
Then stop blocking refugees too.  I will not forget that Trump and the GOP forced some to stay in Syria. This action does not erase that.
Also sent message that he thinks it's more important to notify russia than congress or the state department. 4 gods sake man stand up 2 him
were you and others consulted before the launch? https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2331 …
You swore an oath to uphold the constitution. You failed.
While I do applaud @potus change of course, we should not hide from the reality that it was a relative impotent message, certian not to kill
The Army/Navy did a great job! 
However, Donald Trump is no friend of the American People. Let us not lose focus 
#Trumprussia 
#Traitor
Just shut up and retire
Nonsense.  We've stood by for four years.
I bet you had nut tension relief as a neocon war munger because of this action.
