You also deserve to be so honored.  Then you need to retire.
You will have my vote and I usually vote Democrat :)
#Putinbot
American Hero and Patriot. John McCain. #ShutitHaters
Thanks for getting the great work done to advance our country! So much more important than healthcare, tax reform, immigration policy...
Like you
Hope you are well @SenJohnMcCain
@SenJohnMcCain get better an run in 2020! Age is just a number and we need a true leader to bring America back
He's not your friend
Last in his class.  First to be shot down -  John McCain.
He'd woop the $#!t out of you on his worst day. #Facts
Wish we could say the same for u!
#Putinbot
Very deserving man. I look forward to the day that you receive your own medal Sen. McCain. I am grateful to your service to our country.
glad for Senator Dole too, but not happy about your healthcare vote
You have no friends!!!
Now if we could get; full fiscal year (balanced) budget and debt ceiling under control.  No CRs, that's the lazy way out.
Unlike you
John McCain is a horrible person.
That's great ! But could you do the right thing and help the president! Be a hero !
#Putinbot
Yes he is a real hero!
I read today that McCain blames failure in Afghanistan on Trump. Yet, not long ago, he said failure in Afghan would be all Obama. Confused?
Wasn't @SenatorDole one of the last protectors of President Nixon? Will Dole sink with the Trump ship, too?
You must be smoking something cuz I don't even see anything leaking let alone sinking
The POTUS is A BiggerTangibleThreat to this Nation Than Putin or Kim Jong.  Anyone who CanConnect the Dots can See that Trump should be gone
go away snake!
You used to be American hero before you betrayed your constituents, you liar.
Unlike you. Give back your medals, @SenJohnMcCain. You're a traitor and coward
Good for Dole, they won't give such a thing to you. Keep kissing schumer's A$$.
You'll get the traitor medal!
Dole is a true hero. Too bad you can't walk in his shoes. You are disruptive and not loyal to your President.
I'm sure he is embarrassed at behavior you & the Republican Senators that betrayed us by not voting to repeal Obamacare-Deceivers and Liars!
I was in the right place at the right time and ran into a friend of yours! Let's tell the truth!!
When they were on fire! When the ship was on fire? How many planes did u destroy?
Let's talk about heroes! I would like to know how many sailors died because of you? And how you ran away
Happy for Sen Dole but can the Senate pls focus on more serious work like repeal/replace O-care?  The Reps r showing they cannot govern.
Unlike you.
Yes, he's not a traitor. That criteria rules you out.
U spoke for yrs about ending Obamacare yet u voted  to keep it.  After ur no vote u hang with Dems. U have great health care but deny us.
I thought chunky schumer was your hero and friend. Bob Dole is a good man!
John whine ass McCain you're a fake hero.! Roll over already
Are you getting any real work done?
You have friends, I hope u for in he'll for your no vote,You screwed the middle class American
The back stabbing McShame. I lost all respect for you. The worst Democrat in the Senate, side by side Chucky Schumer.
Yeah not like you SONGBIRD!
Was his plane shot down too?
Why don't you get to work and off Twitter?
Isn't it great he supports @realDonaldTrump? Be well Senator.
#ipitythefoolmccain
Except for the fauxpaux about Taiwan and China earlier this tear
Brain cancer causes mental instability, obviously it has in John McCain's case.
JUST IN: McCain: Trump is responsible for U.S. failure in Afghanistan http://hill.cm/Q7eSPAM  
More honorable than YOU! Traitor! 7 YEARS U promised! LIAR!
Yes. He is a true hero! You're a traitor to the American people!
Will you ever tell the truth about the USS Forrestal?
You people handing out meaningless awards like a bunch of grade schoolers with participation trophies. You take away any meaning of awards
Be a true American hero before ur time is up. Help the voiceless by cosponsoring H Res 401 To end the Dog Cat Meat Trade Rep Hastings
Wasn't he knee deep in Russian collusion!   !  ?!!   We shall see.
It's about time!!
Can't fix the Obamacare debacle but have time to pat your guys on the back! Thanks a lot from the American people! We're so glad you care!
American hero.. somthing you would not know anything about. You know real heros. Not someone like you. AZ shame on you. Shame shame on you.
Bob Dole, American hero in WWII, Great Senator from Kansas when GOP had integrity & brains. GOP Pres.Candid. Where have the great ones gone
#fullrepeal
Can we get Adm Kimmel and Gen Short restored to ran

Thanks for betraying the people of America, you didn't stick it to trump you screwed the people, you've done enough damage to our country
WOULD BE NICE IF YOUR GOP COMRADES FELT SO PATRIOTIC ABOUT
TRUMP RUSSIA TRUMP CRIME FAMILY @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst 
@SpeakerRyan
YES, so wonderful that Senate's focus is on rewarding their own!! PATHETIC!! Where's the HC Bill for American citizens? THAT should B focus!
More meaningful legislation you passed. Great job lying two face.
Can't say that about you.
Where's the NObamacare repeal & replace you promised? #retire
You have let us down,Senator.



He classy.  Committed. Unlike you. # fraud
Dole is nasty guy.
Yes notba traitor like yourself McCain!
I hear they don't award the Congressional Gold Medal to Senators who betray their voters like you did on Obamacare.
So glad our government is concentrating on the important stuff
This disgust me walking out of the commissary today
Senator Dole would have voted to repeal and replace Obama care. Senator Dole has never been self indulgent.
That is the stupidest idea. So she can just waltz in and take what she wants. No one we have leaks!
Our Government is corrupt and you know all the players. Why would Susan Rice be allowed to keep security clearance. Why would anyone!
He also has a watch (a vibrator) in his ass?
And a real Republican. Waiting for them to take over the GOP and kick the Looney Tunes out
You're a liar
You're going to the the "War Monger Award".
RETIRE!
you r just Amazing.. Next Gold medal will b 4 you!
Expressed by a true American traitor.
Bob Dole,  yes well deserved.
... They need to pass a resolution to keep you from funding terrorists in Syria
Dole has been a @realDonaldTrump supporter. Does this mean your personal revenge efforts against Trump are over?

NAACP Warns Black Travelers To Use 'Extreme Caution' When Visiting Missouri http://n.pr/2v3pyRS 
Yeah because the US Senate has nothing better to do. Do your damn jobs.
Time to retire old man. We need new blood.
Me to, now work on stuff for America!
Nobody deserves it more!
BOB DOLE is happy that people haven't forgotten about contributions to America by BOB DOLE!
Glad Senate passed resolution awarding my friend @SenatorDole w/ Congressional Gold Medal - a deserving honor for a true American hero
How about getting Prez Carter that award from Argentina Trump not allowing that was disgraceful thx 4 your help  hope treatments going well
Maybe he WAS a hero.
Great. 

Not an American hero is CORRUPT @FoxNews #FireHannity
Sen. McCain, you should be advised that there are a lot of Americans who used to like you and support you and now think you are a big POS !
Nobody cares what You have to say #RINO
Your true legacy will live forever!
Good Morning Sen. McCain.  Would you please let us know if anyone in Washington has seen the signed sanctions bill.  Thank you.
Unfortunately, he's a Trumpet...can't support that regime sir.
now charge him taxes on the price of the gold like they do ppl in Olympics.

"I am leading the fight to repeal ObamaCare"
- McCain
"I will secure our border"
- McCain…
