.@SenJohnMcCain Who wants to see the Presidents tax returns? Congressman: Rarely used law could make returns public
We really need you to step up and say #NoPruitt, oppose, vote Nay on Pruitt for EPA. Please-at least don't ruin everything
THANK YOU!!  We need common sense and honesty in our government!
Good but not enough!
You must be kidding! Bipartisan! Time to retire the saddle Bart.
You, Sen. Graham, and 3-4 other GOP senators with a sense of decency outta switch party affiliation. Checks & Balance Trump.
~ Does Donald Trump intimidate you? Is no secret that Sen Flake has been praising Trump and his "wonderful" picks.
Where was your condemnation/sanctions etc. when Russia invaded Georgia?  Politicians try to make hay only when it suits them.
-@SenJohnMcCain you were my hero growing up. We need you. Stand for our people. Hold Donald Trump accountable & restore dignity to America.
GOP successfully hijacked. Presidency successfully stolen. Time to think about switching parties now. #wrongsideofhistory
Funny how you find your backbone on everything Russia related. Keep it in place to deal with your boss too!!
Thank you for serving your country Senator McCain!
this country needs you to be that brave soldier you were and fight for this country again. Stand up to Trump through actions
No one works with you!  They use your ass to beat up on the right!  The left is not your friend, you are too dim to see!
you will clean the republican party of the two biggest snakes in this cover up..along with Trump and the Nazi party in gov
thank you for this. How can Republicans have shrugged off Trump's response to Flynn news? I am so upset.
Thank you for continuing to investigate Trump's ties to Russia.  You are a true patriot and hero.
Good. You obviously can't trust @POTUS to do it. He will give away the store to his buddy Putin. Can you stop him?
traitor
And now evidence that Russia is influencing French election. Has. To. Be. Stopped.
CIS is just doing the undermine-the-west tour it seems
You didn't hold Hillary accountable. Nor Obama. We elected Trump. Support him or retire. His agenda is 4 the good of US.
Ty for leadership on this. Please keep investigation of Russia ties/compromised status/conflicts of interest at top of agenda
U Need 2 support our President or retire immediately
. Thank you Senator.
Where are we on this bill? Quarantine Trump - do NOT let him ever again do anything unilaterally. He is destroying America.
You are eat up with Russia. That is all you can talk about and no one listens
Mitch and Ryan both knew and shut it down with blackmail..ask Obama..and if you are truly the man you say you are or think
John- the only way to hold Russia accountable is to toss their orange, fuzzy mole from the Oval Office. Everything else is
Please it is upsetting to see the Democrats cause President problems and America so could you just stick to supporting Trump
That's great!  Please call Flynn first, and let's get this over with.
Remember that dictator don't follow the rules; they make them... Trump is trampling the constitution in so many ways.
Where was all this opposition during the Obama years? 894/899
You really are pathetic when u don't support the President of the US
Thank you Senator McCain for putting country first. You are a true patriot and a leader with integrity.
Senator, Remain strong in the face of delusional tweets.
Thanks for being one of few members of your party who seems to be willing to put integrity and country before partisanship, @SenJohnMcCain
Good. Please stop voting for the Swamp. Democracy lovers depending on you for checks and balances.
thank you for being sane.
Thank you for bill. I'm upset that @POTUS has been attacking you for doing your job. Please improve #ACA, don't repeal it.
YES!!! Essential for US foreign policy!
now do the same for Medicare
. Thank you for your courage to point out what's going wrong with this admin Hope other GOPS would put country first & help us
Trump HIJACK your party, he is making a mockery of USA and you are paying attention to Russia? US is Trump cash-cow. WAKEUP.
Why do you expect your party of traitors to support that? Even if you could shame cong. GOP, Putin’s stooge won’t sign it.
Good to have a timeline, but investigation and probative hearing into election hacking should be completed b4 sanctions lift
@Willie_American Mr McCain Are u going to look into Flynn talking abt sanctions w/ Russia b4 he should have? Putin Puppet?
Thank you Sir! 
Thank you for introducing this bill. We need stronger measures to stop Putin's minions who've infiltrated @POTUS White House.
Sen. McCain, please provide an update on the investigation into the Russians influencing  the election.
Thanks for being s voice of reason !!!
You sir John....I have the greatest respect for you! From Sweden with awe and love!
Thank You for doing your job-
you go!
U fake conservative RINO; citizens have ur # and know u r consumed w/ jealousy Trump won. Get over it! U r a shame!
Congress needs complete oversite on Trump and his posse. You're the only Republican in Congress that has any courage!
We disagree often, but thank you, Senator!
While I support Trump and think he is doing a pretty good job, how I wish you were President right now...
Why are you so determined to limit the President actions or provide fuel to the Democrat Socialist in Congress
Holding out hope that you are the drop of integrity left in the party. Please stand up to @realDonaldTrump strongly!
Just hope the rest of the GOP will stand with U. I'm not sure McConnell, Ryan & Chaffee will do anything but Trump's bidding
I am a Democrat.  We probably disagree on most issues, but you have to stop T***p, who has a death wish--for everyone.
the sanctions are not working, must get tougher on him

Ties with who??? Soros, wow. Really McCain???
@maddow With GOP controlled congress, we won't hold our breath, even if it passes.
Sorry, lost interest in you. I waited hours to see you in Hershey. I am glad I saw Sarah Palin. She's cool.
THANK YOU for your bipartisanship & courage to do right by USA. Wish you were President instead of "unreal" @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Sen. McCain!
I hope you are willing to stand up for right with your votes .I'm not Republican but have respected you,starting to doubt.
Thank you for standing up to The Orange Menace.
and make sure u keep working also work on bills limiting special interest and camp finance . Keep standing for what's right
keep fighting the good fight John I'm a Democrat who's become a huge supporter of yours because of your integrity
Sir, you are a gem among rubble that has spoken out against Putin and Trump. Thank you for your service to all Americans.
Wow, you have serious issues. Leave the #GOP or get on board with our President DJT @potus agenda! #TermLimits #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you.
worthless as the paper it's written on. Why would any POTUS sign this?
That's good, now begin impeachment proceedings
Can we hold you accountable for arming Syrian rebels=ISIS ? Just asking .
thank you for doing what no one else in your party will do. Stay strong. This is your second calling to help save our country
still not sure why you voted for Betsy DeVos. What did you have to lose?
Respectfully request you to stand up to Trump as you advise he stand up to Putin...counting on you and Senator Graham!
You and I both know that won't happen.
thank you for being the almost singular GOP voice of reason
you could have held him in check by demanding better cabinet picks. Does he have photos of you with a hooker???
do you realize you sound like a POS when you say this and still vote for DJT's cabinet picks? Meghan will define POS for you.
need to hold you accountable for VA you suck
Hands short-restrain Russia!
Thank you for standing against autocrats like Putin.
you go John-if I lived in Az, this democrat would vote for you. You've demonstrated your patriotism & love of this country.
~ Thank You for Standing Up ~
#holdCongressAccountable
Russiaphobia is a form of Xenophobia http://www.thepeoplesvoice.org/TPV3/Voices.php/2015/05/31/relentless-putin-bashing …
hooray!
Thank you. Please follow through.
I am a liberal Democrat and may disagree with you on policy, but as a fellow disabled veteran I would totally buy you a beer
But you voted to approve @RexTillersonSOS who received an Order of Friendship medal from Russia?  #justsaying #SwampCabinet
This committee must move fast. Convoluted agenda's trump is forcing down our throats. creating fear in the Americans.
Why didn't u stop Obama's $2 Billion2 Iran?Why didu let Obama cut $200 Billion from r military 2011-2014? Left Media uses u!!
when are you going to stop Trump? Hasn't he done enough damage yet?
Please help citizens of USA.Trump is corrupt & running US like dictator. We feel unsafe. This is not America. Trump = Hitler
Please expedite passage of nuclear first strike oversight bill. Trump is crazy and dangerous.
Yes!
Where is Russia investigation? @SenFeinstein @MaxineWaters @SenWarren Russia collusion? Do they have blackmail on u?
Thank you Senator! This citizen is in total support of your efforts on Russia & on how your respresent our values & democracy
Thank you for resisting the bully-in-chief and his ongoing admiration of Putin.
Voting Majority thanks you for introducing this bipartisan bill! Trump is clearly out of control!
Accountable ,for what? Hacking conspiracy?
stand up to this tin horn dictator! Stand up for what's right, and quit voting strict party line. Grow a pair!!!
NEVER MIND RUSSIA NONESENSE, HOW DARE YOU CLAIM MISSION NOT SUCCESSFUL! We lost one man, killed ISIS , Soldier died a HERO
@SenJohnMcCainthats why we voted Trump in as President.  We the people want you and Congress to keep you hands out of affsirs
I am against this bill
Thank you senators @SenSherrodBrown @clairecmc @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio
you gonna ask for those tax returns?
YOU OWE RYAN OWENS' FAMILY AN APOLOGY. SHAME ON YOU!
Senator McCain we need your help in to looking into Russian hacking on our voting, help help help
When are you going to start holding @realDonaldTrump accountable.  If they are in our White House, HE let them in.
Republicans are complicit with all of Trump and Bannons actions unless they stop voting party lines.
you are a HERO and serve your ppl. I don't agree w/u at times but you have my respect #45IsAnEmbarassment #McCainIsAHero
Deep thanks for standing tall in this matter. Don't back down to that lunatic in the WH. Love and support from NYC
Respectfully, it's truly time for you to retire!! Ur playbook is out of winning ideas!! Stop impending our POTUS!
thank you for protecting the USA!!!

President Trump & Secretary Tillerson are in charge of  Foreign Policy, NOT You.
What's in your closet? Thus far, you've been an invertebrate, squandering any chance to show character.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service. Keep speaking up. #SayNoToBullying
Thank you for being the Republican that America needs, I am not a Repub but you are voice bipartisan concerns. Thank You sir.
Meanwhile....in Cuckland, it's @SenJohnMcCain
- You're so myopic on one thing that you've lost the sight of the forest. Epic loser. Getting caught isn't enough to be hero!
why don't we just annex mexico, would eliminate need for the wall or nafta regs. US is a little mexico anyway @SenJohnMcCain
Mccain never talks about middle class or bringing back jobs from China All he cares about is military indust complex+top2%
Oh ye Democrat in Republican uniform....
John and Flimsy sitting in a tree , K I S S I N G . First comes love , then comes marriage ,  ‍‍
so here comes the nazis! Hope they're good shots & all American values r killed quick 
Mississippi moves closer to adding the firing squad as a method of execution. http://apne.ws/2kPSbQ5 
Worry less about foreign policy and more on making America Great Again!! Advocate for low taxes, less reg and pro bus policy.
you sure are hell bent on war with Russia Johnny. Why dont you just roll over, wake up Lindsay , take that energy out on him.
John McCain best Democrat in Congress. Too bed him claim to be Republican. Me tired of the two faces of John McCain.
You & Graham show how stupid U R every time you open your mouths. Grand standing 4 publicity and political gain.Vietnam VET
thank you for being one of few with values and principles that sees the danger.
too bad you cant stand on your own hind legs and oppose bannons nominees. disgraceful
America was "Land of the free, home of the brave"Good times when r we gonna b required 2 speak Russian? #askingforafriend
good move
#Russia Bless you, Sir, for your service to your country. Ironic you are being called upon to serve in a war from within.
nothing bipartisan bout bills..please.
In other words @SenJohnMcCain needs to feel important all while undermining our military and men and women who serve.  UnAmerican!
Ridiculous McCain. Why would I trust you when you took donations from Soros knowing he wants to destroy our country?
please hurry
I hope this passes. POTUS needs to be stopped before it's too late. Pence is self-righteous, but probably sane.
Take a deep breath Senator, The President is the leader in foreign affairs, no YOU. YOU made a run for President..AND LOST.
that's a start
did you really vote for DeVos?
Thank you Sen McCain. You must have gotten my emails...or used your own two eyes haha.
LETS INVESTIGATE ALL ACTIONS W/ SAUDI QATAR..IRAN. BILL GOT PAID 500,000 TO SPEAK IN USSR...PUTIN TO HILL 566 BOTL OF. COGNAC
I bet he's bullying everyone in the White House
You, sir, are no maverick.
You have a well deserved honorable legacy. Why ruin that and our Country now? Stand up against Trump!
What good is that if all Republicans are voting the party line? Look at the Admin. It's a nightmare.
You are a sell out, sir.  Russia will donate to RNC and filter money to you and then you will be tuning this out.  Shame!
disappointed in u&yr vote.pls stop acting like u care u don't.Go BR nose w/Bannon-Trump useful to thm not ppl who vote for u
It seems the republicans are all turning their heads to the dangers of this POTUS. Please keep us safe from him.
I want to thank you for being the only republican I have consistently heard speak the truth to and about this POTUS.
I am so glad that you have introduced this bill. We need your oversight of this issue with the current white house POTUS.
please stand up for our Democracy on the Senate floor. We're all counting on you to help keep us safe.
bipartisan my foot. Just stay home in bed, u need the rest, for the next 4yrs, you have hung around to long.
and this is why I voted for you, even though I am a Democrat
How about you guys start holding President Bannon accountable for his actions and stop letting the moron ruin our country!
We MUST find out how deep the deception goes. Thank you.
make it happen!
And your own party, standing at your shoulders, echoes him. How can you stand this betrayal? How can you walk with them?
eyes one of you. No Republican. A traitor
