We got more than the next 7 countries combined. Concentrate on the EPA and education.
the EPA is being cut by 1/3 in this budget that adds billions to defense.
Yup. A defense dept that's already agreed that climate change is the issue of our generation.
this is the death of expertise that @RadioFreeTom talks about. We trust & fund defense experts, but not scientists
CC experts get funding via grants, they play the political game to get more grants, fraud
I don't think you know how CC, grants and/or fraud works.
why even bother with someone who has "Libtard" on his Twitter profile statement?
So you are planning a big war
Trump says he wants us to win wars again.
Very demeaning to out veterans
#Trump's funding freeze is hurting our vets & active military. Childcare on base, VA hiring affected already
Nothing about that at all
Reported 10% + last year's budget, 54m+,  which was obama's, no? We need clear, undisputed facts not half truths and lies.
Where do you feel the budget cuts should take place ?
They should work (?) for $1 this year like some people I could mention.
And to pay their pay checks for the work they think they do.
just be careful of where that money comes from.  Maybe security fees for secret service to 45's kids?
Absolutely agree, the challenges that we are facing are great than ever and the defense budget should reflect that.
You should have fought for this the past 8 years instead of sitting on your hands.
how about fixing flints water? Got money for war but no clean water for poor black kids?
Military is the best deterrent of war
education is more valuable. Plus 600 billion is enough on defense
@BernieSanders @SenBennetCO a diversionary tactic.... to start a war and take the heat off Trump administration corruption.
you had over 30 years and now u stab Pres Trump in the back!  Support our President or GET OUT!
don't worry senator a lot of still respect you. You're doing fine.
Even if our children go without lunch and Trump spends millions of dollars a week on his golf and Melania?
Why are your children going without lunch?
retire now
what country are we invading this time?
what about funding for healthcare, education?
Get out of education. You people have ruined it
"you people" ?
yes, you people. Urinary infection are less irritating than you.
then start working with our President instead of pouting and trying to cause division.
we're already outspending the next five countries in defense, combined. Do we really need to strengthen military more?
>skated by in 2016, we're stuck w u! But we'll oust Flake & come for u if u keep ignoring us in Tucson>ur constituents too!
The TRUTH about Rep plans for OUR healthcare! Our costs will INCREASE> http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-healthcare-republican-dilemma-20170228-story.html … Cut defense $>save lives!
I so let's cut senate salary and benefits to pay for it
Ummm, no! More money for the military, which is already way biggest in the world, is the worst thing to do. #burningmoney
it's larger than the next 10 nations combined.  What the holy hell, man?
and Don't cut the State Dept. , weaken clean water/air or consumer protection !
I think the services waste a lot of money, BDU debacle,gender neutral ratings,etc. Concentrate on that stuff first please!
how many guns do we need?
it is grossly irresponsible to increase $ on bullets when ppl will die repealing PPACA! Cutting education/arts/healthcare>NO!
Now appx $520Billion!Evaluate efficiency>Cuts! DJT cuts child nutrition&healthcare. Can't defend starving&dead of illness!
retire
Instead of only cuts, why not add revenue also? Stop corporate welfare, close tax loopholes for top 1%.
Part of that was from the irresponsible sequester cuts.  No room for negotiation and compromise, Congress' fault on that 1
This is a chance for Republicans to accomplish positive acts-why are you only criticizing
You've been in there a long time-why is it so bad? Are you ever going to stop criticism & accomplish  some positive things.
but at what cost? Are you wanting to cut services to our most needy in exchange? Please clarify what we have to give up?
You need to talk to YOUR POTUS about not making disparaging remarks about our soldiers. Big baby. Embarrassment to all.
you're a traitor to the party!  RETIRE!
let's not forget...you voted down raises for the military in the past!!!
traitor not supporting POTUS when talking to foreigners. Worse than Dixie Chicks!!??
yes we do and you need to get behind Trump or go home!!!
are you in bed with Saudi Arabia https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10158321295105385&id=708660384 …
Report on Pentegon showed private employees and contractors more than military.125bil wasted budget.Realicate prioritize
FOLLOW OUR PRESIDENT! I've worked 40+yrs for my social security. I've earned it! Don't touch it!!
it's time to put personal aside. The people have spoken. Get behind your President. Be part of the solution not the problem.
When you going to do something besides criticize Trump? You abandoned Vets needing healthcare. You act like Liberal, are you?
better would be if you and a few more RINOs would resign.
Speaking of funding....   http://www.12news.com/mb/news/politics/mccain-cuts-off-questions-about-saudi-donation/114870450 … 
Why don't you just go away, nobody cares what you think?
Our President is unready. We can and must do better.
tell the truth Obama asked for 7.8 increase in defense spending! Sequestration shut the request down to 3%! Congresses fault!
Our public schools are underfunded, undersized and our teachers can't make a living wage but you need to bullshit America.#az
You are well, incompetent. Our military is tired of fighting your oil wars. Send your kids. How about education?
.@SenJohnMcCain #trumpslegacyisyourlegacy no way to hide from it. Your support of his bad choices will be how your are remembered.
We spend too much on military, not enough on social programs.  @RepMcSally
but what about downsizing the State Dept?   4 military while diplomacy sends dangerous msg about  intentions.
Self generated Rallies for a sitting president seems contrary to democracy. Leaders should not be self promoting!
country and the people in it before party McCain!
god you are disappointing. It's fine to leave millions with no decent health care though? You think we need more nukes too?!
is it not bigger than then next 10 countries combined, 9 of which are US allies?
More hotair from Donnie Trump, action is required
. The POTUS has already said he wanted to upgrade our military. I say we will have to fire McCain for duplicity..
mean while children all across the US go to bed hungry
Less foodstamps/welfare, defund sanctuary cities, no more refugees, 30% less beuaracracy cut the pay on the Hill! $ is there
Stop the waste, more can be done with less Families budget so should govt No more $1000 hammers Pretend its your $ not mine!
We didn't swap out Michael Flynn for H.R. McMaster to increase Defense Spending.  Our money belongs at home, not for weapons.
Looking forward to your DOD funding plan.
then use the military spend on reusable drones instead of a stupid wall
fund the EPA and renewable energy, that will increase our Nation Security, with more value per dollar.
at 60% of our budget going to military, it doesn't need more money. It needs some common sense management!
Pentagon acknowledges climate change. Do you? #DoYourJob
how bout we feed hungry kids 1st. Can't learn if hungry, can't learn>can't get out of poverty
more needs to go to schools and education and  not war. We have the largest defense budget in the world.
Where is @realDonaldTrump getting the money from?? The money tree?? /end sarcasm
War Monger. More $ 4 war.No $ left 2 help Americans.
the enemy is in cahoots with the so called President investigate now
Largest defense in the world isn't "unready". How much money do you have invested in defense contractors John? Trump has M'$.
Called the trump smoke and mirrors act
We need to avoid going bankrupt like Russia did. We need to reign in our spending and balance budgets.
Maybe we should invest more in State and diplomacy first, so we, you know, have less enemies to fight instead?
We have enough firepower to kill every last living thing on this planet,  why do we need more????
3-investigations are too partisan to get to the truth.  Thank You.
2-ties to Moscow. I'd like to see Sen McCain publicly call for this as soon as possible because I'm concerned that Congress'.
1-I support the creation of a special prosecutor to investigate Russia's role in the election & President Trump's financial..
how much more does the US have to spend than other countries? Enough is enough!
well why don't you join the cause and work with the president on the defense budget? As well as everything else country needs
the Ho Chi Minh candidate has spoken!  How is your creation, ISIS, doing these days?  Still channeling money from Hillery?
TRUMP IS A LIAR. You know it and will be held accountable for it-How do you sleep?
How can defense be underfunded if we spend as much as the next 8 highest defense spending countries combined?
needs to go
It's a start. Also :
cutting social programs won't help either. Try raising taxes on the wealthy (you can afford it!)
the Permanent War Caucus. Impressed that you found a way to disagree w T on this one tho
. House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) backing off Trump Russia investigation. Can u help?
at expense of the arts & environment. What is being done to domestic budget is detrimental. Line pockets with defense dollars
man up and protect the people, you know what is right
anything Trump does you will fight
But respectfully, Senator - what about the continuing reports of bloated bureaucracy and unneeded weapons systems?
we already have enough! Our defense is > next 7 countries combined!
we already spend too much on the military.  How about a tiny slice of that budget for education and mental health?
Why don't you try supporting our President for a nice change? We are very angry with you.
@JeffFlake Only if you raise taxes on Trump's billionaire friends to pay for it.
That's ridiculous!
Sorry, you're off base on this.US defense budget greater than next 7 countries combined. We can manage our priorities better.
why don't you leave it to the president instead of trying to undermine him
John,
Your killing us.
Get your frigin act together.
we can do better if you resign!
with what money? The proposed tax cuts insure that the deficit skyrockets as it is.  Planning on completely eliminating EPA?
can  you tie all this massive spending to a specific threat model we are addressing?
So sick of your all talk no action face! You've supported Trump with your votes. Now this is your big problem in the WH??
How about the environment,education,healthcare, Bannon wanting to burn down the establishment?Those don't bother you enough?
Or emoluments clause,ethics violations,Russian cyberattacks that they recently admitted they are using their military to hone
But strangely, I've only read those reports from international souces. So the Kremlin admits everything we've experienced but
still not enough to investigate Trump team ties?Or his son saying how money poured in from Russia or Trump's own interviews?
So tell us - what is the breaking point? When is congress and senate going to start doing their jobs,providing us security?
Because at this point, it looks like our biggest threat and enemy is sitting in the Oval Office, being protected by the
maybe you could ask Russia or say Syria to give us some money since you're so good at soliciting money. NOT!
get all the fat and and waste in the army and you will have enough for all the updates needed.
Ten stop talkin' crap overseas and get to work with Trump!!!
Please recommend that we dust off the Fairchild blueprints and start building New A-10's. Biggest bang for the buck.
Yes, we can do better by funding education, medical research, scientific ideas . . . War? Why go there? Progress not regress
Well, you were there when Obama was. Incompetent then, incompetent now
10% increase = he wants to start a war. & since most recruites come from poor families; they will suffer the heaviest loses
underfunded my ass
agree to disagree
man to think I used to respect you. Keep being Trump's stooge. While education and environment suffer.
???
How can a 10% increase be 3% > than Obama budget? Cherry picking early years that GW Bush set maybe?
@MomJar1
He and his bromance guy,Graham are having a Town Hall?  Why arent they resolving ACA,tax reform? They DO NOTHING?
too busy conversing with Syria and trying to discredit Trump!
Why aren't you president? Oh, that's right. Now I remember.
How would you know? You haven't been in the military for almost 40!years! Stop second guessing the POTUS!
Unless you want to cut entitlements not sure how you get the money. So put forth something Senator.
Please retire
How much will go to pay & benefits increases for service members? How much for contractors? #militarymonday #gibill
My late father was in WWII and Kores&a lifer.I hope that you continue to speakout againstPOTUSwho is anINSULTto ourMILITARY!
military including homeland are 16.2%... a little misleading Senator
#termlimits
i agree i think we should cut senators  $$ and spend on military personnel. Shouldn't make more than the avg american ...
gotta keep pouring money into the war machine..Mattis/general Dynamics..cheney/halliburton get rich..Troops suffer
Dear Sir, Can you elaborate please and be blunt in your comments? Many following your lead.
@JeffFlake Poppycock! Dept of Defense budget is bloated to ridiculous size! #EPA #education & #SocialServices need the $$$!
Then John find the money yourself quit acting like a democrat. You and Your buddy help out.
uh Ba dee, uh ba dee, uh ba dee....that's all folks!
gearing 2 start that war. War=$$ while more navy seals die and parents want to know why! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #russiagate
why don't you worry about the terrorist in Republican Party.
by the way we have 7 aircraft carriers to R 1- what are we going to spend this $ on exactly, video games?
you're right you need to resign
where is the independent bipartisan inquiry into R hacking. Your pal Nunes today announced nothing found w/o finishing inquir
yes the budget is important but we need to know about Trump and the Russians
How long did it take Reagan to rebuild. Traitor McCain at it again. Do you have a statue in North Vietnam? #SongBird
we spend more on military than next seven ranking countries combined. What a waste of $ how about infrastructure
In 45 years of service....more money for DoD meant new furniture every couple of years!! We spend most in world for defense.
so give us a number
The United States spends more on the military than the rest of the world COMBINED. Stop begging to shed blood.
Pls request an independent investigation #TrumpRussia. If they're innocent, nothing to fear. #NotTodayRussia #ProtectUSA
We need to leave spending as it is not increase it.  We already spend way more than Russia and China COMBINED
then do something about it!! You let Obama trample all over you for 8 years so now is a fine time to whine.
I'm not a pro-war but I do believe we need a strong military to protect America. The WALL $ could have gone toward Military.
Nope
Oh how we laughed when the USSR spent themselves to destruction in the 80's..weren't we smart!
Joke's on us now.
Russia wins
what are you going to do?
what am I not seeing, Senator? We spend more on our military than any other country in the world!!
oh come one. Nuclear sub numbers alone dwarf the rest of the world
we need health insurance and most oil rich countries need to kick in more money.  My God, USA needs help @realDonaldTrump
why don't you ever agree with POTUS, Ryan and McConnell. Take advantage of being in the majority. Did you ask for Russian $$?
then speak up and defend our democracy against trump
We are fretting over $25B for a Border wall over three years when we Spent $85B a MONTH for three years on QE? @SenJohnMcCain @ryanmauro
We could afford $85 billion a MONTH for QE and are quibbling over $56B more a YEAR for Defense? @SenJohnMcCain @ryanmauro
Please don't tell me this when we are buying tanks the military doesn't even want or F22's that will be supplanted by drones.
We need to spend wisely not more. The money should go to education, healthcare, & social programs.
Trump is an idiot. But I get the feeling you already know that.
Time to retire
Time for the voluntarily unemployed to get a factory job, there will now be plenty of them.  Universal income isn't here yet.
We can take the funds from the voluntary nonworking parasites who have done enough lazing around.
what about the Working Class People of this country don't we need more jobs what about unions you're all about the military
I agree.  Every soldier's salary should be raised as well.  Just like we need to refresh the professions/increase standards.
