
Speaking of senseless killings.... what were u involved in years ago? #NeverForgotten

Does this mean that you'll introduce some common sense legislation on gun control & get your idiot GOP brethren onboard? #GunControlNow
Senator, what are your thoughts?

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
So, are you giving the @NRA money back? It would be a good time...you're not running again.
So sad for Christina's family. Condolences.

Extremely disappointed in you, Senator McCain - top recipient of NRA funding.
How have the $7,740,521 (to date) @NRA contributions been treating you? #LasVegasMassacre #LasVegasShooting
What about the $7,740,521 you got from the N.R.A.?
Didn't realize you were the largest NRA recipient. For your legacy's sake, please show your independence and implement common sense regs!!!
Let's do more then remember her. Let's honor her by preventing this from happening again. Get the weapons of war off our streets. No excuses
Let me say this again: GUN CONTROL!
You have blood on your hands.
I have been supporter of your bipartisan efforts but shame on you for all the funding that you get from the NRA. #noguns
Supporting the Automatic Gun Fire Prevention Act will prevent more senseless killing.
No one needs mass killings machines. Fight to get them off our streets or your as much to blame as the shooters.
You were paid $7.7 million by the NRA.  You sold your soul, and this is on you.  Look at them!
Ability to do something about this is in your hands @SenJohnMcCain !
Senator are going to help pass some common sense laws with regard to guns?
Remember to stop taking $$ from the NRA. I read that you have taken over 7,000,00 from this hate group. America needs better sir.
Senator, I know this is heartfelt. Please, please, agree to work on stricter gun laws. Please honor her that way. Thank you, with respect.
Let me ask you this: Why is Chicago the most deadliest cities in the USA
and has the harshest strictest gun laws? Body count: 520 by october
nearly 60% of the weapons used in Chicago were from out of state. NYC has the strictest laws and homicide rate is hitting historic Lows.
Tired rhetoric Australia: strict gun laws, people who should be able to, keep guns, no mass shootings since implemented. Take it else where. Enuf pandering to NRA
Huh??
Don't pray, stop taking $$$ from the NRA. Regulate guns!
You have the power to decrease these horrific mass shootings. 7,740,521 reasons you aren't talking about gun control.
Please do something to prevent his happening again.
Your a good man John Mccain and this is coming from a life long Democrat.
Disappointing
I'd trade you for Gabby Giffords any day, and she is terrible.  Please retire already, youre old, out of touch, compromised, and corrupt AF.
Why do you continue to vote along with the NRA? In the past you voted against stricter gun control regulations 
Please step up and be that man who fights for common sense gun laws.  Only soldiers should be able to fire that many rounds in a minute.
You got blood on your hand dude:
You have received over $8 million from the @NRA. There is blood on your hands, Senator. #LasVegasShooting #AssaultWeaponsBan
Michael you think you have the answers. You don't.
Sen.McCain:You received $7,740,521.00 thats millions of dollars from the NRA. You support NRA &have helped make guns accessible to everyone.
You have an opportunity to become a leader in ending gun violence. Please use your influence. You could prevent the next massacre.
Dude you voted to continue these types of killings after sandy hook. Time to make it right.
how about sponsoring some kind of bill to help reduce the possibility of the next occurrence?
Are you going to do anything about how these weapons of mass destruction got into this thugs hands? PLEASE!!
HOW  CHINA   AND RUSSIA  ARE  BUILDING  UP  GEO  MILITARY  GAMES
IN LATIN AMERICA  VENEZUELA  CUBA  AND  USA  IS  ACTING  LIKE NOTHING ...
Does,”...shall not be infringed.” Mean anything to these morons?
Hey @SenJohnMcCain how about introducing a sensible gun control bill in her memory? You did nothing about Sandy Hook. Maybe for Christina?

Honor her by supporting stricter gun control and mental health bills.
Do you at least believe this is a problem that needs to be resolved?
WHAT IF IT HAD BEEN IVANKA? WOULD TRUMP THEN DO SOMETHING???
Retire Mcstain
She died for your freedom to own a war arsenal
Did she have healthcare?  Or at least decent American healthcare?
Yes, completely senseless. Will you fight for change and stop accepting money from the NRA?
Did you join a hospital for a brain transfusion?
What are you going to do to make sure there are no more senseless deaths.
Let's get the gun reforms going.
What about the other 58 lost souls? Are they not worthy of remembrance?
Senator shares photo of victim. Ignores that congress will not #fundtheATF
Remember her by voting for sensible gun control laws.
Just for my amusement, please answer this: Does the phrase ,”...shall not be infringed “ mean anything to you?
Now can we talk about gun control?
Honor her memory by helping to make sure it doesn't happen to someone else. Otherwise you're just a ghoul seeking good press for doing zip
But nothing 2 say re:civilians w/military assault rifles manufactured for taking as many human lives in the shortest amount of time Senator?
Senseless Laws backed by the GOP & NO LAWS to Protect . GOP/NRA should be ashamed , But they're Not. Put Americans First for a change !
Then ban the sale of semi-auto guns. You don't need one to hunt animals, if you do, you shouldn't own a gun. How many times will be enough?

With all due respect, Sir, then please actually DO something about it. You are one of the few that can make a difference.
He's too busy flip flopping on issues.
He voted against obamacare when  was origionally presented by obama-
Then supports it. #mccainuseless
John, help Unify our country. Start in the Peoples Houses. Becoming one is our solution. Please forgive Trump. Innocent People are dying.
Asking McCain to unify the country is like asking an ice cream cone to be an astronaut.
In memory of this woman & in honor of her loved ones, for all gun violence victims, please take action & vote for common sense #guncontol
You are a co-conspirator, having accepted NRA donations in exchange for opposition to reasonable gun control.
Please fight for smart gun sense regulations
Laws won't stop the lawless! Every weapon shooter used was illegal!
Good. Now change the gun laws to stop more senseless killings.
'Thoughts and prayers' — and fistfuls of NRA money: Why America can't control guns - LA Times
Once he said: "He can shut anyone on the 5thAv ; people still love him"; that was in context; but not in the minds of dormant psychopaths .
Good 2know there is some one you care about after ruining our chances of improving healthcare!
Will you please introduce some reasonable changes in law?.
1 Mental Health 60% of gun murders are suicides
2 close loopholes in gun purchase
Please join the majority of Americans and call for common sense #guncontrol
That guy was owning guns unlawfully, was not under psychiatric supervision. The problem with safety measures. countersniper could save many
So sad. I can't like it
Made possible by the NRA and gun lobby an organization that used to be about gun safety. Now pushes silencers, bump stocks, and more.
