Thanks @SenJohnMcCain. Sending warm wishes your way as you tackle this next phase before returning to DC to give 'em hell.
Impressed with EMK institute during visit this week 
How about supporting the party which supports you. Someone recently stated u wouldn't be elected if u were listed as a DEM so support POTUS.
He IS supporting his party!!  Just not, blindly!!
To get things done, John McCain needs to retire.
Common ground means more compromise by GOP. No more!
You're a Soros funded progressive. You've done nothing but betray the GOP& your own State, strapped by OCare #Shame
The only thing we need to do is get rid of career politicians who make $mil through warmongering, false campaign promises, n like u TRAITORS
To get things done, u need to go for along walk in the desert
Y'all don't even know what the ground looks like you've been n the swamp so long the only thing y'all know is special interest & dirty money
Funny how hard it is to govern when the minority party does nothing but obstruct huh? Imagine 6 years of this BS. #bluemidterm2018
Your solution is to cave to the progressive agenda?  Really?  How about expecting them to adopt/respect conservative values.  Weakling.
BS Senator, your still a coward. Man up and set the record straight. Tell AMERICA why you were over Hanoi that day you were shot down. SAD
You need to impeach Trump
If census of those over 18yo paid 100$ a mo h ins could pay for it check it out
Go away as fast as you possibly can for americas sake.
Oh you mean like voting no on something for payback to someone you don't like? You are a joke and do not represent the American people!
To get things done how about voting with your party.
R u ready to demand defunding of Planned Parenthood?
"On the outside you appear righteous, but on the inside you are filled with hypocrisy and evildoiing." MT 23
We the Us People got the shaft = Horn ... thanks ? https://twitter.com/JimRobinson3rd/status/892528715556470784/photo/1pic.twitter.com/wBcxynu2bP 
Dems just want to "resist". They're scared to death of Trump agenda working
I agree with you completely.  It's the right thing to do. Get well soon Senator.
That is wrong. To get things done we will need to throw you all out and start over
You sir are the poster child for TERM LIMITS.  #termlimitsnow
What a turncoat.  You promised to rid us of the failing ACA, now you just want us to deal with it and all get along.  #repeal #brokenpromise
And to find common ground let's start with you sir who goes against everything our president does & votes w dems!
No what we need is term limits to get people out like yourself
Thank you sir for your service to America & standing up for what's right! You are gonna kick cancers azz!! #americanhero
Sen. "Get your facts first then you can distort them as much as you please." Mark Twain
I knew you were channeling your inner #TedKennedy!
Without you you need to retire
You mean like the dems tried to find common ground under Obama....@senjohnmccain is nothing more that a RINO..dems never want common ground
Did you forward this to McConnell, who plans to pas his tax bill with only R votes?
Nothing like an old fool and you are the perfect example of that fool if you think democrats will work for a better health care plan!
I burn with anger every time you tweet, go back to sleep
You should have shown support for Trump. All you did was add more fodder to the fire. The bill wasn't perfect but was a start #Traitor #Liar
How can senate find common ground when Schumer &Pelosi have made it clear they will never work with Republicans unless they have control
True. Republicans are voting with democrats.
You voted against that. We will keep reminding you and your voters.
Or how about ppl that don't say one thing when campaigning and one thing after elected??
Sen. McCain,  the whole world was watching, and you said 'MUST return to regular order' 'find common ground'.  BLESS YOU!!!!!!!!!! 
Try common ground with the People!  Push H/C back to States and stop the finacl. destruction of my children and their children get Fed Out!
We need McCain out senile
If  "Common Ground" concept had come about during @BarackObama administration the #USA sitting pretty now instead we are a Global joke
True true
That's what Brutus told his fellow traitor Senators when they stabbed their leader in the back  et tu "McCain ".
No, to get things done you need to go home already...
You already did you rino a_s kissing dem at heart. What have you ever accomplished? Can you say LOSER? Still suffering from your prez race?
It eats away at you that Trump called you out and in his first try becomes our GREAT 45th president. While you are a bitter knucklehead...
Isn't that why your founders created the system of senate, house, executive and law enforcement the way that they did? Checks and balances?
Senator McCain should not be talking about getting things done. He is incapable of getting anything done. Lied to get re-elected.
McCain- "Hero of the RINO's"
It's not about "getting things done". It's about doing the right things
I thought there was common ground on repeal of Obamacare.  You campaigned on that.  Then betrayed the American people
You should say "we all will lose our #gravytrain if we don't work together".
to get things done,  Arizona needs to get rid of You, #TraitorMcCain
You Sen. McCain are the one that thumbed your nose that party!!
Why hasn't the Senate already done so? Answer: most democrats are not ready, willing or able. Term limits and more now.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @ChrisMurphyCT is GOOD enough for the citizenry, then it is good enuf for corrupt Congressmen. POTUS, end this crime
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @ChrisMurphyCT Congress has NO right to 73% subsidies to buy Obamacare healthcare at taxpayer expense? IF ACA
So you vote against healthcare. Common ground with your buddies (Democrats). You are such a phony. Get out now.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @ChrisMurphyCT Why are U not using the VA f/cancer treatment. U are using MAYO? POTUS: stop the subsidies f/congress
Common ground is what you campaigned on, doucher, you're an epic fail to your so-called party
It's almost like you've not seen the last 37 years of politics in the USA with your views.
On health care we need to have consensus on goals, then formulate a plan on how to accomplish them....we can do it; others have
Last I checked you were the deciding vote that prevented a common ground solution for health care.
Thank you for voting no and saving millions of lives/incomes who are on ACA. ACA saved my life and countless others.  you and your family 
To get things done thw Senate needs to work for the people and not their special interest groups. Both parties have become a Joke.
Proposed common ground: American well being, scientifically supported. Also, truth.
There is far more evidence of Russian corruption with the Clintons than Trump , yet you guys IGNORE "all things Clinton" , get lost
great , you can start by not bashing our President 24/7 and waging war on him yelling "Russians Russians Russians" for a damn year
Go to bed John you need some sleep.
To get things out we need to vote out a traitor. #votemccainout
The common ground the American people want is you out of the Senate UR a disgraced LIAR and Traitor to conservatives n hardworking Americans
Yes & people in DC and this nation need to understand "compromise" doesn't mean one person gives up. You reach common ground & move forward
Just like the D's did when they had majorities in both Houses.... Please stop with the "We all gotta get along" routine...
from the common ground where U stood by me 2 the higher ground where U lifted me (McMaster & James)
that's the order and U can!
For starters you should resign along with your pals Lindsey Gram.
Graham is bad but not even close to as bad as mccain.
People must get @SenJohnMcCain out of office.  Please retire so trump can make us great again
But none can get re-elected by cooperating with the "enemy."  Won't happen.
Merick who???
@SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain r Judas of the Party.This is McCain's last term. RNC cannot back traitors of the Party @GOP this is shameful
When will you change from a Republican and admit that you're a Democrat for once tell the truth
Liar!
You made all the Liberals happy you see what wonderful people they are as long as you agree with them and kiss their ass and you did
The tea party has kinda ruined congress working. As has Limbaugh and Fox news. Sad but true.
Which Dems have you met with this week on healthcare? Anything at all? How many statements have you made against tRump's calls for violence?
Common ground is President Trump agenda. That is why he is President, and your not.
Well if they can get rid of you it well help. How come you aren't on Obama care? Hope Arizona like there health ins increase.
Bravo, thank you for attempting to bring back common sense
You are an embarrassment to all of us all. It is good that you will not win reelection
What has happened to the days house and senate found common ground? All the hate needs to stop.
You are nothing but a tool for the left. Can't believe you don't see that. What is your compensation for betraying the republicans
Work together on setting term limits please.
The final paragraph speaks to many Americans.  Thanks for writing and sharing your insights and beliefs.  Demonstrate our democracy at work.
Ya think?  I've been screaming this since 01/21/2017.  Glad you're finally catching up.
Arizona backs Trump.  You and Flake seem to be out of step with Arizona.
Thank God that he is out of step with that nightmare embarrassing orange thing that's representing the USA! #gorobertmueller
As soon as you are replaced
We need to vote all you fools out and start over
Is that what's Soros told you
See, Johnny, all the Libs are your followers. Move over to their aisle. They want you SO BADLY!
FYI.. senators represent all not just Republicans
Good, I'll put you down as Trump  voter 2020. Thanks!! 
You sold out your party and nobody trusts you anymore.
No need to go back and try all over again, Johnny boot soldier. The Pres & Americans GOT THIS! Just waiting 4 you to resign.
I need to quit listening to rush. To HELL WITH ME
I love how NOW they have a Repub prez the Repubs talk about working together...2 words.. Merrick Garland
Three letters: ACA. McCain is only one in AZ who gets quality health care. He stiffed the rest of us. $18,496/yr Premiums for single person
and that should be what's best for Americans, not just the wealthy!!! Or what Russia says!
Actually... you and traitors like you need to go.
Trying to force democrats to work with republicans is not going to happen. They are obstructionist's. There only interested in regaining WH
To get things done Senators should do what they told their constituents they would do. Otherwise they should resign.
Starting with you!!!RETIRE????
they could just get their heads out of their asses and that might help.
In AZ we support you and want you to work for our country and state. The party of "no" immigration, taxes & science  needs to grow up.
Start w Medicare for all....
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Please, for the sake of our nation, work together as we put you in office to do this.
Exactly!
no what you need is Republicans to stand up for what's right and not be sucked into democratic bs
Such a pathetic statement. This is why democrats took 119 republican amendments and GOP couldn't take one. Keep trolling.
The Dems will obstruct everything every time!
Actually the GOP obstructed too. Both parties are too blame.
OMG! Coming from u!? U can't  even vote w ur party
The Dems have you wrapped around their finger. The Dems are vicious and will fight till we lose country. They must be defeated not appeased!
Ugh that's such a childish mentality.
No its not.
Yes it is. Instead of fixing legislation that needs minor adjustments you burn everything. Make absolutely no sense.
You dont understand how America works and what the Democrat Party wants to  do to our country. #justrepeal
Repeal leads to junk plans again and paperwork that's ridiculous to get coverage. Stabilization of market needs to happen and hearings.
#defeatthedemocrats
Ugh it's like communicating with a wall.
Half these people on here are pathetic weak individuals who resort to name calling instead of providing a workable solution.
@realDonaldTrump Thank you Senator, for your leadership.
Common ground?
Ya think?
This is all well and good but where was the self riteousness these past 7 years? The Repubs did this to America now they cry for help.
Someone must have slipped you a Mickey. You've lost your mind.
Such a pitiful person who calls himself a republican. Can only imagine how bad this country would have been if you were president
Charles from Charles in charge doesn't like you.
I agree with you John McCain. And I'm a democrat 
Shocking just shocking.
Great article Senator John McCain, Sir I commend you. I think there are too many factions in both parties. We need more reasonable people 
Ignore trolls. They are useless and bring nothing to the table but turn in into a competition.
Mr. McCain, Im praying for you. Thank you for helping the poor Americans who would have lost their insurance if you had voted 'Yes'
To all those voters whos premiums went up 118% in arizona mccain says TO HELL WITH YOU.
To get things done GET MORE WOMEN IN THERE PERIOD. Gutsy law makers like @collins4senator @lisamurkowski shld b all over the Senate chamber.
There is a woman ready to take Flake or McCain's seat. @kelliwardaz
No!  Get rid of the RINOS!  #MAGA , not possible for you to do McCain.
What is a RINO? Someone who doesn't tow the party line? People desire blind obedience in a dog but it's bad breeding in a senator.
Yep!
May you live to be a healthy, happy 100 surrounded by friends and family but always remember no one wants to meet St. Peter as a Republican.
John McCain - the champion of the Left
Things get done when the swamp like McCain is out.  Two faced TRAITOR
I wish you could understand the Dims roll you like a "preschooler". They want 2 talk when they're not in control Other times they squash GOP
Yeah that's why they took a 119 republican amendments for ACA. Keep on trolling.

Agreed. The biggest impediment is @SenateMajLdr.remove him from leadership to move forward.
When the history of America is written, Citizens United will be recognized as a cancerous turning point in the dismantling of democracy.
A unique fair player.
Yes! Work Collaboratively for the benefit of their Constituents,not for their party or the President. Produce SOLUTIONS and implement them.
(1 of 2)Sir, thank you for your loyal, patriotic service. At one point, AZ had Goldwater. He was ok, but didn't sign on with civil rights.
(2 of 3) Sir, do u really care about those of us in AZ? We NEED u. Please do everything u can for those of us in AZ. Please.
There you go for a quick guide.

Senator, yourommon ground is not acceptable because you make it political.  Government should not be involved in healthcare

You must have seriously damaged your head.
GOP needs to get in step,!!!
Thank you for helping to not make America great again, it's obvious it was payback. Very disappointed in you.
hope you are doing well!!
Keep selling out to the Lobbyists ... I guess you could careless but your legacy is now one of corruption maybe it always was...
Yes. When did we last see that? GOP also needs to listen to people & not big money powers pressing them. Thanks for recent vote for people.
When did the dems want to find common ground under Obama...never....
Democrats & Republicans must get past the ideological Wall that bars bipartisan efforts to SAVE NATION.1st order:recognize Trump Threat NOW!
The only President that has brought in ppl & different industries 4 their input to hearwhat they say. Decision made for all not 4 a few.
The face of corruption is John McCain. Thanks for not sticking up for Arizoneons
Here are some ideas republicans and democrats can get behind to fix ACA http://acasignups.net/17/07/25/updated-if-i-ran-zoo-20-repairsimprovements-obamacare-20 … index in the beginning.
Or. McCain could vote with his party.
That's a pretty lame excuse.
Who made excuses?
To just vote with party. It should be what's best for the American people. I'm tired of this team crap.
What is best for this country,  did McCain give his reason for voting against repeal. Something he promised he would do.
He voted against repeal because healthcare should have a committee and public hearings.
Healthcare yes, repeal no But clearly you are on the Obamacare wagon drinking the cool aid.  So my discussion with you ends.
No just wait! 2018 elections are coming! DEMs have finally been exposed for who they are! They Will lose even more set's! Then we can #MAGA
I would think that both Republicans and Democrats could agree on working to lower drugs costs which are crazy now!
Now that Republicans control all of Government, now is the time when you can't do anything without the Dems....so transparent
Country first; party second. It's pretty simple.
Take care, sir.

An obvious source of common ground would be to join up to remove the malevolent fool and Russian conspirator from the White House.
Wuuuussia....war on women...guns scary...you forgot to tell us to leave your uterus alone dude
Must-read. http://theblacksphere.net/2017/07/pakist  Oh Song Bird...btw who are your IT people again? *whistles* I will crush you, old man! lulz
Which according to a couple of you means bending over to everything the Dems want... NO THANKS
GOP has been ginning up hate for decades,  so where do you go from there?
Or to get things done, you could try actually voting for the legislation you claimed to support during your reelection campaign.
Funny were was this sentiment the last 8 years?
And not just senate!  @HouseGOP need to start putting #countrybeforeparty.  Get better soon, senator.  We need you hale and hearty!
Bipartisanship is dead John .. time to smell the coffee and just move on.
