I remain firmly behind @dougducey & will support whatever healthcare plan he believes is best for the people of #Arizona
Must be nice to not have Obama Care John while the rest of us suffer w/it U #dotard
Does this mean you will vote no? Because the governors do NOT want this healthcare bill to pass
Nah, He talks a good game but usually votes the party line. Hopefully he reads this thread and votes no the way the people want him to.
I am sending positive thoughts for his recovery. I also am hopeful that this diagnosis is changing his opinion on healthcare
What happened to this plan, @BillCassidy?
Really? Because governors have criticized Trumpcare and repeal of Ocare. Support for it nationally is 17%. So who exactly are you heeding?
McCain just shit all over the American public.
Let's get your healthcare for all Americans.
You're a traitor
Thank you! Arizona NEEDS good healthcare. It's about so much more than politics. Please get well. We need you! #Medicaid #SaveACA #Autism
#ProtectOurCare  #SaveACA
Sen. Read this letter because your bros in congress and senate don't care about the American people and that includes you. Only Your vote.
I think that he has to vote against the ACA, and repeal prior acts before the ACA for people to get better healthcare
You're a traitor to the American people! How could you! How dare you! I am furious you voted in favor of millions and millions to lose HC!!!
I respect you Sen. but someone who just was an example about healthcare that should be a right not a privilege you just f**ked Americans
YES PLEASE! Governors know health care coverage for all, esp. most vulnerable the right thing to do, and don't use it as political football.
Not all Governors. In Texas right now Gov. Greg Abbott is more concerned about the "Bathroom Bill" like NC. Healthcare should take priority
Listen to Doctors, insurers, AMA, citizens and find compassion in your Christian hearts!
Why are Govs under Ocare??
you were quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
Y didn t UGo2 ur own VA? U expect us 2. #DefundVA 🛇 choice. 37.5 miles may as well B a lifetime. U  set a bad example as a #Veteran
Senator McCain, when you get your medical bills please pay attention to what it costs w/ out insurance. #SaveOurCare #MakeACABetter
I have a friend w/stage IV cancer. Doing great but repeal of the ACA would kill her.
Is this really the legacy you want after a distinguished career? Fix it, don't break it
Those two voted to take HC from  millions & even called it a fraud  & disgrace...
Repeal and replace - liar!
How about heeding advice of all major physician organizations????
Volunteering to pay into health care savings does not work. Young will not if they can afford it and elder can not afford it. NO repeal,fix
TENS OF MILLIONS will lose coverage with this legislation, even those with means to pay. THINK OF THE CHILDREN, then look in the mirror.
It's vital that U make UR own decisions on what's right. Trumpcare is not it. The upcoming vote is 4 something nobody knows anything about.
Listen to the gov and the people of the state.  If it isn't a good bill for "most" vote no
I hope you remember these words today when your crony GOP buddies try to pass that abomination they call better health care plan. VOTE NO
Your governors dont know what is best for Americans. They are mini corrupters seeing what they can get. Drain the swamp and all its dwellers
please don't destroy healthcare for so many.
Health Care is not a game. U R dealing with people's lives. Take your time and get it right. U CAN'T ERASE OBAMA'S PRESIDENCY! CHRISTIANS???


Mr McCain and GOP you are Christians! WWJD?HEALTH CARE IS A RIGHT!!  VOTE NO ON TRUMP CARE AND TAKE YOUR TIME& GET IT RIGHT 4 ALL AMERICANS
Mr.McCain stop listening to GOP Governors and listen to We The People. Trump Care only have17% of American People supporting it. Fix ACA
U are #courageous @SenJohnMcCain.Prove it by voting against bringing #wealthcare bill to floor for debate.Don't hide behind ur governor.
Best wishes Senator McCain! And good work Senators Graham and McCain on listening to Governors The nation needs solutions and statesmen.
Just say NO!
Please vote NO on MTP for Trumpcare. Think of millions who need healthcare support.
Please don't kill me and so many others
Why don't you listen to Americans? That would make more sense
My husband has young-onset #Alzheimers at 53, family on ACA b/c I'm selfemployed. Godsend for us; Please fix ACA for all US & save #Medicaid
I'm hoping against hope that this means you will vote NO on GOP plan, Senators! Governors know we need ACA to be fixed, need #Medicaid /1
Then please vote NO on Motion to Proceed. Americans deserve 1) Senators who read before they vote and 2) a chance to know what's in the bill
If you vote to rescind health insurance for millions, your legacy is shit.
GOP healthcare plan is a joke,&now they just want 2 repeal, what about people?
I implore you to not vote to cancel the health and medicaid coverage of millions. Your leadership in doing what is compassionate is vital.
Please, don't vote 2 repeal wt/replacement, insurance will drop many right away, they would not waite 2years. Think off people who need it
My 3rd recurrence makes me think about not having healthcare. Surely it's the same for you.
Even more important. Listen to the majority, not the elite minority. Save democracy, please!!

They’re....asking a doctor....if McCain can come vote....to take away peoples’ healthcare.... https://twitter.com/burgessev/status/889582280833892353 …
Thinking of you and sending prayers and healing. Continuing to speak out against a crap GOP healthcare bill. 

#MedicareForAll
Listen to--& act on behalf--of all **citizens**

Pence: #GoldBullionTaxBreaks & *blocked* healthcare fr helping more ppl. Trumpcare's worse
Please vote against either of the current repeal bills. Both are bad bills that don't improve healthcare. We need a bipartisan solution.
According to thread SenJohnMcCain asked Arizona Governor his opinion, did not allow him to vote4him!
Please don't  listen to Gov. Rick Scott of Florida.  
Majority want ACA, not TrumpCare. We'll know if you're telling the truth when you vote, Senator.
According to Lindsay Graham, it was Republican governors only.

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
No Republican or Democrat knows what will be in the "health carebill" they'll vote on Tuesday. How crazy, insulting & undemocratic is that?
Please don't repeal ACA, ACA saved my life I will DIE WITHOUT ACA Please Vote No on Trump Care Im begging you. Work with Dems Fix it please
What you should be insisting is ALL Americans be given AFFORDABLE healthcare, which ACA is--I know, I'm on it--& that whatever you (1/2)
provide for Americans is the EXACT SAME HEALTHCARE THAT THE CONGRESS IS STUCK WITH. And that NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH WHATSOEVER. (2/2)
I respect you, sir but you are wrong. It is vital that you listen to the CITIZENS more than any politician with something to gain.
It's a good thing you don't have to use the VA or the ACA exchanges for your care or you would be with Ted in 6 months. Stop playing games!
Fix ACA. Vote no on trumpcare. Healthcare should be bi partisan. Put your country before your party please John.
Will you listen to the people? Politicians refuse to do Town Hall meetings. They don't want to hear from us. Are we not important now?
Thank you, Senator. @BillCassidy, please follow the advice of @SenJohnMcCain and listen to @LouisianaGov.
Work with Democrats.  We are all Americans!!!
AND your voters. Especially the poor, elderly, & disabled
Bless you for doing so.
Do the right thing, as you have always tried to do. The right thing doesn't put 20+ million lives at risk. You know that now more than ever.
You are so lucky 2 have best healthcare so u get a chance 2 fight cancer but want 2 deny that chance 4 rest of us 2 have chance 2 live
Senator, God bless you and your caregivers! Please consider what would happen if you didn't have insurance, plz don't vote to end others!
Please do not repeal the ACA. Please work across the aisle to fix our system.
how about listening to the American People Senator McCain, thats who has the most to lose, thats who lives GOP is playing number games with
Thought you were one of the ones who supported a more open ended process. What happened to that. Losing a little faith here.
So I'm clear: the plan is to not work with the Democrats at all? If I only worked with people who agree with me at work, I wouldn't get far.
And your constituents, @SenJohnMcCain. Most of whom will not have access to the healthcare that might just save your life. Remember that pls
So, hey John. How's the healthcare coverage going for you that we the people give you but that you're trying to take away from us?
Both Democrat & Republican, I hope.
Of course, governors are overwhelmingly opposed to Trumpcare. They know it's bad for their people and they'll have to deal with the fallout.
Totally agree. Our state's governors know what their constituents need.
Hope that includes all governors.
Plz help Am. Get health care like you @senjohnmccain
God bless you! You get more important work done while recuperating than some colleagues get done on their best day. Pls do the right thing?
Hope you're feeling well.
Even more vital you find compassion for others
#SinglePayer
You and Sen Graham are one of the few that care for the American people.
Please heed the cry of all Americans who need this health coverage to stay ALIVE!
Save& Improve #ACA so Americans have #Healthcare same as you! #Trumpcare #CruzAmendment= #DeathCare #Resist #Indivisible #MAGA #AmericaFirst
All Humans should have access to #Healthcare in USA!
How about doing what was promised for 7 years: better & cheaper. (And keep those lifetime caps OUT!!!
Listening what a concept. To Dem govs as well?
Senator McCain, as a proud Democrat, I SALUTE you as an American HERO & Nt'l treasure. We're praying for Ur speedy recovery, we NEED &  you
You haven't been a big help McCain
Make sure you consult @JohnKasich
Because lots of medicade money is given and other funds
Yes, and almost all of them hate Trumpcare, which would be a moral and economic disaster for the American people.
Replace Senate with board of governors

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
It's vital Senator that you listen to the people whos life will be forever altered by wrong decision.  It's a matter of life and death.

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Tell your reps to #FixACA…
Govs allocate healthcare dollars and know what is best for their state. Listen carefully!
We'd all just like to have the same insurance you have sir.
WADR, It would be disgusting and cruel if you were to vote in favor of taking healthcare from 22M-33M people while in treatment for cancer.
If you were an ave American & not a senator/former military, what kind of plan would you want? Vote 4 that  #healthcare plan 4 us all, Sen.
Senator, please be your Mavericky self & work w/Dems to fix the ACA. Avg folks won't be able to afford managing chronic conditions/ER visits
Except Scott Walker.
http://www.whatdoesitmean.com/index2341.htm 
What are you doing?  Retire and enjoy your family.  Don't worry about it.
Yes they often see whats happening on the ground floor.They see how increase in Medicaid helped their people & economy.
in fact, i'd bet anything that despite anything u say, what u do, will always be in line with putin/trump's agenda. u are just cosmetics.
"people are saying" putin the honey pot master has video of you on a yacht owned by pedophile. @SpeakerRyan swore his colleagues to secrecy?
exactly who doesn't literally deserve the best healthcare available and why not? who deserves the best healthcare and why? serious question.
Actually it's vital you listen & need the voices of your #constituents Remember you're supposed to #ServeThePublic not yourself! #FixACA
Will the men stand up pls! #killthebill TODAY! #trumpcare is a deadly & you all know it. Voting4somethingunknown=disgrace/death/stupidity
NO BIG INSURANCE BIG GOVERNMENT. Move to Greece or Venezuela if you don't like our free market. Forget replace. REPEAL.
Maybe now that you need healthcare more than ever you can be more sensitive to the millions of people that would lose coverage
Get well we need you back
KAISER: Fed health care spending cuts->BCRA

Louisiana: 35%
Arizona: 26%
South Carolina: 23%

Every independent analysis of bill is terrible
KAISER: Uninsured rates UP under BCRA

Louisiana: 117%
Arizona: 45%
South Carolina: 34%

Every independent analysis of this bill is terrible
Please protect Medicaid from cuts and caps. Our most vulnerable citizens need their care to continue, in order to live in the community.
Think about this because it's very true. I have experienced it in my life time.
and the governors better listen to those WHO VOTED THEM IN OFFICE.
Mr. McCain I am a cancer survivor but not as rich as u. What u r going through would bankrupt me. I already have c cards with bills on them.
I hope that's a bipartisan governors call
Johnny boy, what ever happened to listening to your constituents?
You're going the correct way now, John. Keep movin' and we'll cover your back.
@JeffFlake Please get well soon....and vote "NO" on gawdawful #Trumpcare #HealthcareBill ! http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/07/20/the-latest-cbo-score-of-the-better-care-reconciliation-act-leaves-22-million-uninsured-by-2026/ …
It's vital that you listen 2 Drs. & health care pros that said vote NO!!! All Americans need great insurance coverage. Stop w/the politics.
#ProtectOurCare John. We all deserve the same excellent care you receive. Get well and get back to work.
Listen to the people--they are in the trenches, doing the dirt, hard work. Those with sick children, elderly parents, spouses with cancer.
AARP is absolutely against this bill. Senior citizens that have paid taxes their whole life will not be able to afford this insurance.
Not vital!!! You should listen to your constituents!
Thank God ur insurance allowed 4 annual exam & will provide U with options as U face terrible diagnosis. Don't take insurance away from us!
I know I'm not in your district, Senator, but I hope you'll keep and improve ACA for the good of all US.

Demand @BillCassidy votes NO on a motion to proceed to debate about #RepealAndRun. Call him: 844-432-0883 #StayLoud 
Vote no get with Dems and improve Obamacare! Rep solution harms too many! @Marcorubio @SenBillNelson
Happy that your health is in good hands. Americans want and deserve the same! #healthcare4all #VoteNo #Americansdeservehealthcare #healthnow
99.99% of Americans.
Mr McCain, thank you for life of service sir. You are truly a great American. Your insurance experiance will be different than the other
Unless the governor is the tool Scott Walker!
ADVICE IS"KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY HEALTH INSURANCE" NO NUTHIN BASTARDS
It's also vital you listen to and heed the advice of your constituents, unless you've forgotten.
It's vital you listen to your VOTERS, not cooperate male.
thank you for your hard work-Pls work w Dems to HC-Don't care what u call it but make it work for everyone - especially old, disabled & kids
My sister died of breast cancer 2.5yrs ago, tried to work, lost her Healthcare... She died with NO Treatment!! Pass HC for ALL!
#1 Prayers to you, #2 Be Humble & Grateful for your HC! Do the Right & Moral thing @SenJohnMcCain pass Healthcare for ALL! 
@ReaganBattalion @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy praying for U Senator ! Please consider the average Jo Blow in your shoes
and the people, because, as in my state, the guv is not listening to, nor interested in, the good of the [non-corporate] people.
Thank you for your commitment.  You are at the top of my prayer list.
Yes vote no
You had it right when you said senate should return to regular order.  Enough of this back & forth as congress changes hands. Need stability
They just want more of our tax dollars to pay for abled bodied takers of Medicaid!
Uranium Mines in N AZ on Navajo REZ causing health problems, to include Cancer. McCain has known about it for years. 543 Mines unsealed
As long as they truly are keeping the PEOPLE in mind not themselves
How about let @JohnKasich take lead on hcare..Senate can't get anywhere w/@SenMajLdr in charge, other Senators can't see above GOP loyalty!
Why listen to governors? 
 all they want to keep the federal money for expanding Medicaid
NO ON REPEAL! #compassion
Yes speak to your governors and listen to them and your constituents
As you listen to governors, remember what the governor of Michigan did to the health of the children of Flint all to save a $
Please do the right thing, vote NO on trumpcare. You are experiencing first hand how important healthcare is. Our lives depend on it!
ignore Walker. Killed the Menomonee /Kenosha Casino and many jobs.
Thank you Senator 4reminding us what's important right now. Still afraid @SenateMajLdr will try 2ram his HC debacle through. You're my hero!
Governors know current healthcare bill is disaster for average Americans. $13,000 deductible is unaffordable for most of us. Please vote no.

I’m not going to stop sharing these health care stories until the Republican health care bill is officially defeated. 
It's even more vital to listen to the citizens of this country!  #ProtectOurCare     P.S. so glad to 'see' you back online
please vote no! We need our healthcare!
@SenJohnMcCain This is how governing should be done. Thank you for setting the example.
We need single payor. Medicare for everyone.
it is also vital to listen to women - pls help us to engage women in this process.
Pls help us get female leadership engaged for a balanced look at this- we have been systematically underrepresented long enough. Pls help.
Repeal ACA! We the mid class can't afford it! No more insurance company subsidies
Yes - please save the country and our healthcare from the ignorance of some of your constituents
No, no, no! It's imperative that you listen to your voters/constituents
Listen to the citizens of this country. Please
Fix Obamacare and expand Medicaid
How about you tell fellow senators to do as voters want: no repeal, no replace, and bipartisan fix of issues with ACA???
IT'S VITAL YOU MAKE SURE OTHER PEOPLE CAN GET THE MED TREATMENT YOU GET! QUIT PLAYING FN GAMES! 33 MILLION! GIVE US A BREAK!
Many of our Repub & Dem governors have joined together to reject the BHCA and craft a more humane healthcare plan. Please listen to them!
Get well asap!
Please ensure that the excellent care you're receiving is available for all. And continue to fight the good fight for yourself and the USA.
