Good luck in your battle, no one's cheering me, my daughter IS my family and my elderly Mother G*d bless her, I wish I had your Healthcare!
PLEASE start to support PRESIDENT 
You are suppose to represent us 
I want REPEAL of Obama care 
Lower TAXES ,a WALL to secure OUR COUNTRY
Retire already
Sir, how can I have joy knowing that you will vote YES for new ACA Repeal when I'm fighting same battle as you-widowed with a minor child?
My death will be ON YOUR WATCH and MY BLOOD WILL BE ON YOUR HANDS & THE GOP, does that give you joy to orphan a child & kill me 2saveface
You are loved Senator!
Get better senator in Jesus's name...amen.
Glad the American taxpayers could foot the bill for ya.
I also support fellow americans ...for hurricane relief ...come on ...do your job ..REPRESENT US 
Help make America GREAT AGAIN 
Just go away
Nothing but a traitor
A true hero!! God bless you! Please fight hard, this government doesn't have many like you around right now!

SHAME, truly, you really need to invest some thought & come from behind like the Hero I believed u to be all along regardless of party lines
Sending love & light your way. Constitution Day nears...our forefathers continue to speak to you. May their wisdom energize you, Senator. 
Please sign on Bernies medicare for all....its time to get the profit out of sickness..give americans the healthcare you get!

Block grants proposed by the Graham-Cassidy Affordable Care Act Repeal Legislation will create chaos, instability & increase fraud & misuse
Pretty prognosis, wonder what it would have been if you had Obamacare?

LISTEN UP John! Trump hasn't paid taxes for 20 YRS & he has no right 2 take HEALTHCARE AWAY! HEALHCARE 4 ALL!!
My life is insignificant, but there are others, do you really want to come out of the finish like this.. in the History books? Really? 
After you voted NO on the last attempt that was horrible BUT less destructive than this attempt on American Lives?  This is heartbreaking!
So sorry your sick..praying for full healing!!!
God bless you sir save us from trump and these idiots he has!
God bless Sen McCain. We need you now more than ever!!!!!!

John, you are the only Republican I trust. Please do not screw it up.
Staunch liberal who agrees that JM has served our country with the utmost dignity and honor. Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
Unfortunately most will end with substandard health care due to your personal agenda of spite, revenge & settling scores
Must have Great Insurance that we pay for. Not the ACA!


Save it you LIAR don't care about your health like you don't care about ours
Yes we know you have a boo boo, certainly you have another profile pic. Enough with soliciting sympathy. Doesn't excuse bad behavior. RETIRE
A fighter, patriot,hero
John you're being treated at the Mayo Clinic. Funny they don't accept Obamacare repeal it defund it rid the country of this ACA
You should retire immediately and contemplate how destructive your action were against America
Hang in there Maverick! One last mission, protect people with preexisting conditions from the newest effort to destroy Medicaid! Vote NO 
Trying to tell us they aren't going to give you the Jimmy Carter cure? How many citizens are missing out on good care because of your vote?
You used to be a hero, not anymore.  Step aside
god bless
Agree, Johnboy please retire and spend as much time with your family as possible, just let the Govt and Politics go, please just step down
Having recently lost my Greatest Generation parents, I have a deep appreciation for your service. We may differ on policy, not on principle.
Sooner rather than later, I hope
Go home Rino.
god bless, thoughts and Prayers are with you. This country needs your leadership

Maybe you will have to go on Obamacare!
wishing you all the best sir
Thinking of you
It's not your time
Best wishes Mr. McCain. Here’s hoping that the grim reaper will wait yet a few more years before he makes a claim on you.
Is that what you told the families of all the children you sent to their deaths in bullshit wars over the decades?
Senator, I profoundly disagree w/ur hawkish political stance & other political views, but would never deny you've served honorably. Be well.
Braveheart.
You are a true patriot and a gentleman. Thank you for your public service, and I am hopeful that you will serve many more. #getbetter
Keep fighting senator McCain God bless you
Praying for peace and full recovery. Thank you, Mr Senator, for your wonderful service to the free world!
Stay strong  you can beat this , best wishes !!!
Senator McCain you will stay strong and get better. Our country needs a leader, you,  who puts our country and it's ppl first.
Oh no!
Good luck...everyone is pulling for you
Stay strong 
1.2 Perhaps the author you quoted yesterday was the British writer Dennis Potter.
2.2 Dennis Potter: ‘We all, we're the one animal that knows that we're going to die, and yet we carry on paying our mortgages …'
2.3 ‘… doing our jobs, moving about, behaving as though there's eternity in a sense.’
2.4 '…We tend to forget that life can only be defined in the present tense.'
Senator, please stay well.  You have always been a fighter & we are counting on you now.  Your country still needs you!
May your end be a quick and painless one.
God has made your life more productive than many, Senator.  We have all benefited from it and are grateful.  Thank you.
God bless you Senator McCain.
So Sen McCain, how did you & so many "public servants"get so filthy rich working for our government?We know you defy our POTUS to keep scam.

Dear Senator, your powerful interview yesterday was very moving. Praying for you. God bless! I think the writer you quoted was Dennis Potter
Why on earth would you vote against aid for hurricanes. You continue to baffle me. One day good guy,  next not so good guy.
I love John McCain 
So happy that you are getting the best medical care while your fellow Americans continue to suffer under Obamacare. Shameful.
Senator: Please get healthy then retire for the safety of America.

Your views in the Republican party are very decisive!




Rescue the Republic from Caligula with what's left of it
You're a DB
Senator McCain,you have served your country with courage, honor & love. You are a true American hero. A life such as yours never truly ends.
Hallelujah!  You make me tear!
Bravo! Your thinking is clear and focused and you will help bring truth and justice to this Putin puppet presidency that has befallen US
At least you won't be torchered to death like the POWs you snitched on to save yourself you continue back stabbing will your soul rest in 
When are you switching to a Democrat in name.  You've been acting as one
