as a liberal I want to say THANK GOD FOR YOU! TEAM SANITY!!! 
U want them? Then feed,  clothe,  and house them. 4 wives and 20+ kids.  Ur not afraid so...
I'd love to. 
Like this sweet girl who came from Aleppo. I met her&her parents at the airport.only had 1 kid 
16 mo old. But I hear u that u feel she should have been left to be slaughtered.
Refugees should not be permitted to keep coming here. Take care of our own! We voted 4 Trump 4 change.
let the Arab world take in their brothers and sisters. How come gulf countries didn't do anything
Really? What about the atrocities committed in Iraq by US soldiers. Was that a clean war? the silent press.
so do your job and get on board with the rest if America. We don't want them here.
the ignorance in this reply is breathtaking.....
your profile is disgusting and yes I do believe in God and maybe should too. You are not from us
U should know better. #TrumpKnew #DoYourJob #investigatetrump #CountryOverParty #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Maybe you and Obama shouldn't have armed terror groups.
you mindlessly voted for every cabinet choice. What about protecting us
he voted for the best person for each cabinet post. Not like Obama's suck-up crew picks.
No not really. New ones have no knowledge of the dept. and want to destroy what they protect
Assad must be prosecuted as a war criminal. Replace with a moderate Islamic leader, so refugees can go home.
If it's a slaughterhouse it's because globalist monsters like U/Clinton/Obama created IS 2 destabilize Syria
Why have you been funding/supporting  CIA  led proxy war with ISIS? You are a one man death squad and a danger to humanity.
The main source of the slaughterhouse in Syria is Washington's funding of "moderate rebels" at your behest. @SenJohnMcCain
agreed
as an #AZ constituent, sir, I urge you to call for an investigation into Trump's & Flynn's ties to #Russia.
And do you think that McCain is squeaky clean?  That he's innocent?
thank you for being a level-headed man of integrity. Keep pressuring Trump to live up to American values
American values of the libs? Destroy,  call ppl names, beat up ppl 4political views,  set property on fire?
what are you actually saying? Your tweet didn't make a lot of sense to me.
is soooo #fakenews how many lying ass stories have they released over the years ! #thereownpinochioissue
Why didn't you introduce an authorization for military forces in Syria?  Obama asked for one in the state of the union.
Wish you were there
is hot AF!
Started by Obama
Sen.McCain, only YOU would quote ANYTHING from that rag.The Washington Post is nothing but leftist propaganda
And you
Thank you John McCain!
#Syrian slaughter result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …

JOHN MCCAIN CUSSES OUT & VICIOUSLY ATTACKS Female Reporter Who Asks Question #MAGA #SNLSpicer #SundayMorning
 #Trump 
Your character is showing.
so fight back as senator! #LetThemIn
WHY? Is their not muslim Countries that can take them in? Did any one even ask them?
Slaughter house by radical Islamists to go to heaven and meet the 72 virgins.
Obama had a chance to intervene, but he ignored the blight of human suffering in Syria.
We should never get in this regime change business !!! Look what we did in Iraq, Libya and Syria....
@SheriffClarke @seanhannity The solution is not bringing the Syrians here but stop the attacks on their own.
please why are u asking tweeters to read more social media? Why these papers? Earn ur check and work.
And we have them pouring in by the hundreds of thousands!
the blood is on your hands. Enjoy cause you shall wither like the grass
#boycott McCain for betraying every voter for R and POTUS!
The only reason #Syria is getting destroyed is due to bloodthirsty warmongers like @SenJohnMcCain @washingtonpost
you will lose your next senate election
quit taking money from George soros to go against Trump and do your job. You lost for a reason in 2008. Americans like Russia
you are directly a cause of the inhumanity there.  Thus is your handiwork.  As you try to destabilise U.S.
I watch Syrian documentaries on you tube, men,  women fighting for their country as millions men run to west
Who cares!  DOWN WITH TERRIOST!
glad to see that you do not consider @washingtonpost #FakeNewsMedia
Ever hear of name, rank and serial number.
Resign coward.
Donny trusts Ass-ad & Pootie to carry out modern holocaust genocide, it's who Bannon/Miller/Drumpf are!
@calenev @washingtonpost Traitor. The black hats turned you at the Hotel. It's obvious.
by the way, where in hell was you with this shit when Obama was " TRYING "  run things?
Then how can you be ok with supporting policies and a president determined to turn them away???
@potus McCain is a mental midget! Submit to your Commander and Chief or resign. #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
Unbelievable!!! You have experienced that treatment, but thank God returned. Thank you  for your service!!!
Fight for what is right!!  Fight for America but fight for humanity..political parties be damned..
we MUST investigate the Russian ties to trump..follow the money..get his tax returns!!!
So heartbreaking. And @POTUS wants to slam the door on those who have been fully vetted and want to enter US.
So do something about the ban. And about Flynn, while you're at it.
Trump is mentality disturbed. His illness transcends party. Help! You are the paternal American. Help.
If Flynn is not fired, you know darn well Trump knew about this phone call!
Please, please, please when will you republicans begin to control Trump!  Mr Miller's rant was scary!
help mitigate by working w/ Russia, Syria,others to stop slaughter. stop name calling & trash talking @potus


8 Yrs under Obama @SenJohnMcCain
never opened his mouth!
Now all he does is attack @POTUS
Another @GOP Soros-Globalist Elite!
…
please for the love of god investigate Trump Russia ties
But what are you doing about it Mr. McCain?
Stop worrying about them and focus on US, we have the left - letting in millions of Muslims who HATE US
you're a good man McCain. Integrity, loyalty and a very good moral compass.
McCain for Pres next time round PLEASE.
Does that give you the right to overthrow a govt, create war, & arm terrorists? YOU make the world less safe
so when do you do something?
thank god at least one Repub is paying attention to this and not calling real news fake.
criminals & terrorists must be punished, nothing wrong with that!
dont you have other things to do like save America? #rhino
My husb. Korean War Vet wants to know if U R  loosing your mind. He can't believe what U R are doing to Trump
Then push against Trump's alignment w Putin/Assad!
Where is the investigation into Flynn & Trump? Conflict of interest.  #TheResistance
Trump is the most dangerous issue we face. He's Hitler ll in the making. Please take steps to get rid of him.
This is horrendous and Trump thinks what Putin does is no worse than us?
yes but the Trump administration wants to tie their backs on this Slaughter. Disgusting
According to President we r killers too. If u buy that line of thinking. Or maybe you need to add 'impeach' to ur vocabulary.
Time to retire Senator...


America is partially responsible for what is happening. How can we turn away these refugees?
are you so sick?
Please stand up to this fascist Regime
Thanks for sharing this, and I appreciate your hard work.  You are a good man.
@realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost Result of Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushing Israel Lobby agenda vs #Syria: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
the word is out- POTOS has serious mental issues.  Figure this out please.
not fake news.  And beyond horrible.
Sir, can you stóp Assad regimes?
This is horrific! Where's the intersection between the tactics of Asad and Putin!
Why don't you talk about the gunrunning that Obama and Clinton did?
What the hell dude! Can none of you stay on subject?
http://ln.is/com/ndf0U 
Shut up already!
meanwhile in US: truth slaughtering
Another must read: http://observer.com/2017/02/donald-trump-administration-mike-flynn-russian-embassy/ … <<scary times for us all.
Sen McCain. Is it true you take funds from evil Soros? If true it's last time I vote for you. Barf!
You need to worry about own country: Miller said today Trump will NOT be questioned. That OK with you?
You people have no soul.
..that USA has done nothing to stop. You want to run the world ? Lead ? Then stop this needless slaughter.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for standing up against slaughter of civilians. I hope to see you negotiate with 45, on safely taking refugees.
Assad, backed by Russia.
well what are you going to do about it?
he's doing more than you.
@SenJohnMcCainI'll just take that to mean you agree with me.  He is doing more to support a Russian puppet.
retire!
please remain vigilant in ending this suffering
Debbie on Psyco Get JackSrGauntlets Now Protectv CustodyASAP@washingtonpost
Senator McCain, I do hope you work to get to the bottom of the Flynn/Russia connection. We depend on you.
US needs to become moral stop sic inhumane conquest for Bankers & leave Syria ,quit funding murderous rebels
I guess if the Apache Indians turn Muslim you would run them off their land
@thekiffer @washingtonpost Senator McCain, what can the US do to stop it?
more #lies from you .Guess what? We dont buy it. Move along. For truth @VanessaBeeley @21WIRE @EvaKBartlett
stop making me regret voting for you 8yrs ago.Those cabinet yes votes were wrong, you sold out. Do what's right now
yes! Atrocious cruelty! See 'genocide in Syria' for the graphic pics on facebook! People deserve compassion!
see'message from kids of Syria to humanity' facebook for graphics
That's terrible Senator but what are you doing here at home to stop the madman Russian Puppet in the WH?
@CitizensFedUp @washingtonpost #everyday I wake I'm so saddened by the diminishing of peace Don the con brings aches
@datagoodies @washingtonpost Horrific. How can we help?
@CitizensFedUp @washingtonpost Well, @SenJohnMcCain what are you going to do about it? #we'rewatchingyou
Harry Reid is a scum bag who tells the public our military failed. You are not like that. What happened to u?
Its one thing to lose a child in war, it's another to have our Senators say they failed when they didn't.
You might want to share this with @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump Big fans of Putin's pal
Mr. McCain, please humble urself n apologize 4 calling Ryan Owens last mission a failure. Ur better than this
YOU SEE LIBERALS SLOBBERING OVER YOU? Stop lying. All RINO are swamp creatures. Traitors.
quit being a traitor!
start FIGHTING @POTUS! There's a multi partisan army of citizens that will support you.
we all agree that conditions in Syria are bad. Hence the large number of people fleeing.
Please Senator, America aligned with Putin is not our America. Focus on what's important. Putingate
So now you are pro immigration.. sick
Since biblical Times Land Of GODS  Is HELL ON EARTHWho Would Want to send SONS DAUGHTERS  INTO MEAT GRINDER
@FoxNews @POTUS  John McCain worry about YOUR Vets
individualism for our children is being threatened thanks to John McCain a vote for Betsy DeVoss
This is why I didn't support the travel ban. It indefinitely suspended people from Syria. It's wrong.
so do something
he's doing more than you.
he's in a position to do something I am not. I follow good intelligent people but parties get in way
lady liberty in tears
Will you confront the security breach carried out by Flynn and complicity with Russia? Should be arrested!
I'm sure that, if there's any money left over after building that wall, we'll look into this...
Do your job: Russia, taxes, removal of insane Trump.
sit,read a book, grandchildren. GO HOME!
... Senator everyone knows that, you enabled the 'no action' by Obama! Blood is on your hands!
Yet u left it to the court to stop Trump's ban. Shame!
Your support of Russian installed president Trump makes you complicit. Weak words are not enough. #resist
John send them to Australia or Japan see if they'll take them. And if they won't why?
we as a nation are so desensitized to their plight. Our President do not want them here. Just so sad.
is the US military in a position to stop this?  Would the public support it? Not snark, really want to know.
. Able bodied men,  women need to fight for THEIR country not flee. They flee in military divisions,  COWARDS
Last time I checked, American has no Influence in Syria and they are in the middle of a Civil WAR. Why speak?
I rather get my news from independent journalists on the ground not from fake news.
Article fails to point out that the US is guilty of fomenting unrest that lead to this. We created this mess.
Solution open the doors and let them all into the USA. Oh that's right been killing each other for 2000 years
Then why did you vote for Tillerson?
