Oh yes the "Russian thing" .. the USA media did more to undermine Trump & propel HRC than anything the "Russians" did thru propaganda.ugh
You do realize that we have Russian troops amassing on our northernmost border right? Does nobody see that?
Support your president!  Repeal Ocare, Cut Taxes, build the wall. No excuses!
These Dems will give Trump credit for nothing . Sickening. You would have a country overrun with non Americans with 4 more yrs of a Dem Pres
Always a "but" when u r congratulating our great President. And it is "President Trump", not "Pres" ,  Mr McCain
That would be "you", "are", and "Senator McCain" "but" then I guess you ran out of characters.
No I type just fine . Thanks though .PS love Trump
You can bet it was an oil deal or something for his family. He does nothing that doesn't benefit himself.  And he is a traitor. Impeach now
and interview Christopher Steele.
"Russia Russia Russia". U all that keep repeating that none sense are so foolish. It's like "Marsha Marsha Marsha" haha.Ur candidate was bad
Rebuilding our military., dealing with N Korea , lowering taxes, trying to lower premiums and deductibles for HC.. all things libs despise
It's 45's bud, Sisi, that is violating human rights on a massive scale. The orange fürher does nothing but praise him. You're all spineless.
Applause? Seriously? Senator, you seriously need to put citizens above party. If Trump was involved in this, it was for selfish reasons.
Stand up to this guy, dammit! You stood up to torture in Vietnam, stand up to Trump.
Do you know at what price?  #Trump is selling #America to highest bidders.  Don't be fooled!  Be an American #Hero
I am glad they are back.  But this country is in for trouble with DJT.  Has GOP lost all decency?  Are they that afraid of DJT?  Lost faith
GITMO say something to you?
What are you doing to support Military members overcharged during Obama's purge??? Careers ruined over budget. ..
Love Trump. Our country's savior for patriotic Americans, right patriots?
@LindseyGrahamSC When Trump bombed Syria, stopped caring about collusion with Russia? At best, useful idiot. This??:
Senate Russia probe flounders amid partisan bickering: Burr won't sign letters requesting docs from Trump campaign https://www.yahoo.com/news/senate-russia-probe-flounders-amid-partisan-bickering-130323166.html …
When are you going to snap out of your Trump lovefest and start paying attention to how this Bozo is ruining our country? #trumprussia
As a Republican and a Soros Globalists I request you retire if you can't support Trump
Hey McCain, what the hell is this?!?!
Body language tells you everything you need to know about who's in charge 
McCain's illegal Russia activity, campaign contributions in 2008
You are a corrupt traitor! It's too bad the Vietnamese let you go! John Mccain is a Soros puppet! You're no hero to me!
Never...he's an ahole.
war monger Mc Cain.......go back to Hanoi
As he destroys rights of women, law abiding immigrants, LGBT,minorities & Muslims in U.S. as Congress watches!
Good to know we gave into a dictator in Egypt to get her back. Gave their government credibility.
BREACH OF TRUST. COLLUSION. GRAFT.
INDICT @GOP @SpeakerRyan @USAGSessions @SenateMajLdr @jasoninthehouse @VP @POTUS TREASON #trumprussia
What about the release of thousands of veterans being held captive by the American VA System? WOW how we have forgotten about them. Losing!
How about we start with American women? He doesn't care a bit about that majority
Why are you obsessed with Egypt? What's in it for you, you sellout?!!
when you applaud the conman for anything you legitimize him. So be prepared to stand up and be counted with him when he is tried for treason
What did he do?
Seriously Senator. Impeach this Treasonous, incompetent fake Potus! Country over party.
Hey John-boy.. now I know you gave nothing to do - @realDonaldTrump speaks for himself, no need for you to repeat! #TermLimits
prohibit trump businesses in countries in the middle east that helped the 911 terrorist attackers or were home to them
Started with Obama . Dont get too excited 45 has a lot of conflicts there eith his tower
Wow. You actually gave him a compliment. There is hope.
It's a good thing for her release, long overdue.  But POTUS doesn't care about human rights so he said.
Let's see how the "impartial "media reports this. The woman is a Moslem yet they insist Trump hates Muslims .
60000 plus political prisoners in Egypt, hundreds missing, thousands killed,  "much more work" wont cut it
Sen.John McCain, Acknowledged
Press give me a break.
Something tells me he had nothing to do with it. He probably didn't even know or care that she was there. He's an idiot.
Dear Senator McCain, will the Russian investigation still be moving forward now that everyone is happy with the President? Thank you Sir.
Never good enough right? Funny you didn't get it done in the last three years?? Ummm
You should not NORMALIZE this presidency.

INVESTIGATE Russian involvement, business conflicts, violation of emoluments clause.
#trumprussia
And Russia.  Lets not forget about Russia.
like not breaking up families by ICE for no valid reason
All Trump had to do was allow a state visit & not sneer down his nose at Sisi. You can't fix autocrats you can only try to work with them.
he did a good thing but I would feel safer if u were president
Fam said; "We're very grateful that Pres Trump personally engaged with the issue.  Was very important for my family at this critical time."
How about the rights of your constituents, rather than your benefactors? How is AZ mining doing on protected lands? #corrupt #liar
This. And to MEMO: YOUR trump is criminal, destroying US, incl Foreign sphere. [NK won't be excused, it's checked].
#Syrianchildren....In the eyes of children a thousand unanswered questions ... 
GOP, TRUMP&  mafia accomplices are traitors. Now crashing w/doubled numerous is just the beginning
yes glad she was released, now can you get on the Russia thing ASAP
Thank you!
human rights here?.She was his token like Owens wife was & any women or black person in the spot light 2show he can b a good boy.hes a THUG
Its only used in for his speeches or pictures otherwise it is all white men that surround him..it us all 4 show nothing from the heart.
How do you applaud with one hand tied behind your back John??
I believe Trump praised Egypt's leader by saying he was doing a fantastic job.  Concerning that Trump thinks he's "famtastic".
How much work did he do?  I don't believe he did anything to secure release. Anything legal, that is.
What's in your browser history
What did we have to trade for those releases?
How can you do so blindly w/out knowledge of deals that were made and how this fits into broader foreign policy? Disappointing Senator.
Follow the lies senator.
Not watching you anymore John, talk tough, then act like a sissy
