I've always respected you but you are becoming too soft on foreign/domestic policies. GOP needs strong action & intestinal fortitude.
I  not for arming
I do believe 45 should have gone through Congress.That is the proper steps. Obama went through Congress in 2013 about Syria Congress said No
Wrong....
My problem is 35 can notify Congress but, can give Russia a heads up. I hate this guy
Your problem is "hate"
Nope just hate 45.
Your words mean nothing. You lied and allowed an extremist nominated by an incompetent Prez under FBI investigation to go thru. SHAME
The Syrians shouldn't  be given any military equipment unless they pay for it. We've done that before and the enemy took it.
@POTUS No nation building in Syria

...back Trump or go home mccain... on 2nd thought, just go home
All u do is talk shows and speeches- you're such a waste.
@batterman_terri FOX cont 2replay your comments on Syria that bring great relief 2Americans. God b w/ U as y'all make decisions here forward
...and of course what Eisenhower feared the most: our Military Industrial Complex metastasizing like cancer in our global community.
@batterman_terri Just saw u on Fox,yesterday too Comforting 2know POTUS respects ur words&msg UR confidence exudes. #comfort2Godfearingpeeps
What about Repubs stealing a SCOTUS seat? Your ok with that but not 60 vote threshold for Repup picks. Got it! Pathetic
New missiles to test on LIVE targets in Syria and Iraq?
War War bomb bomb russia russia, is that the only thing in you know? 
Do you understand what will happen if you start the 3rd world war?
I'm sure McCain has a raging hard on for bombing foreigners.
Assad wanted to know if use of chemical weapons was still to be tolerated as it was by the weak, feckless Obama. He just got his answer.
Don't flirt with my sbzzz.sir..zz..ain't she fine..zz
No nation building in Syria
Not again
I wonder how many US kid's healthcare could have been paid for w our RU=Syria pre-warned $100M Tomahawk concrete re-arrangement in Syria?
As long as it didn't kill his ISIS buddies, McCain will be fine.
It takes to get on board with your own party You show your true colors  Everyday Sir! War Monger! That said Choo Choo  All aboard
Just what you needed to say something good about "THE PEOPLES @POTUS " what a shame! Not saying we shouldn't have done this but Shame what
If you congratulate Mr Trump on this your a hack
Nice to see you on the Air where the People actually see you cause No One but the Left watches the news you usually go to! Your loving this
John McCain is a boob!  Why do you sully your show by putting him on?
Acknowledged: @FOX news
Astronaut/Sen. John Glenn , Will live immortally in the Minds,Memories of Americans; Hanging over us perceived  as a Great American Potrait!
Americans this is Syria under Assad https://twitter.com/MmaGreen/status/808397001654149122 … don't fall for this 'mans' BS
Joy and excitement of the people in Aleppo tonight as they celebrate the Syrian Army victory after 4 long years of battle 
Aleppo is now peaceful under Assad https://twitter.com/MmaGreen/status/849982991065546754 … do not let McCain fool you.
The old markets in Tilal Street, Aleppo have reopened after over 6 years of war (06/04/2017) 
I don't think McCain fools anyone anymore not me as a Conservative Republican nor the Left for he is more like them
Me either 
His Soros campaign funds speak for itself.A snake doesn't change.
loved you telling morning Joe what a terrible job he is doing!  Right on
A simple reminder that while Trump will bomb Syria, he won't the let the children who are being bombed or gassed into the United States.
They're doing terrific job
Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain pushes Israel Lobby agenda: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ …
I think maybe @plussone and @YourAnonNews need to watch this. Might change your mind on the protest.
You voted for 'nuclear option' after blasting it. #Countrybeforeparty
Funny now that Trump is aggressive with air strikes you are back on Fox. Before you bad mouthed him on other networks.
We don't war with Russia
TRUMP STARTS WAR in Less than 90 Days. ....Where Are Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan. ....????????........PIVOT
Imagine if President Obama had done this. 45 needs to go
That's why Assad did this
Lack of leadership from Obama led to these murders by chemical Weapons
Soooo over you McCain.  What a disappointment - you make the noises of being a good person but then always fail in ur moral duty in the end.
:) CAİN & CANİ
DONALD & DON DAL
SENİN KADAR İNSAFSIZ DEĞİLMİŞ.
59 TOMAHAWK NEKİ...

ERZURUM YAYLA

finally got what you have been drooling over. #warmonger
