Stand up to Vladimir Putin! I worry that @realDonaldTrump will not!
America needs your bravery more than ever! Keep standing up and speaking out. Thank you Senator!!
.@stacigreason <- pétasse
@SenJohnMcCain <- couillon
step McCain and investigate this espionage involving our president!
do you have any proof you corrupt songbird?
because I don't have a proof u r not a traitor 2 this country,who sold out his fellow pows! Presidential pardon saved ur ass!
What about Putin's arrests at the anti-corruption protests in Moscow?
Absurd, baseless allegations. Ukrainians did it. They are fascists.
, Isn't it typical for a Putin Russian troll to deny the truth with lies. A fascist calling other the same.
Russian ex-mp assassinated in Kiev by a ukrainian nationalist was a Communist Party member and thief.
how the hell do we have a sitting Senator this unhinged, to say things like this with zero evidence. #warhawk

@realDonaldTrump Huge protests in Russia now & Trump & WH are completely silent. US ppl support protests, not DT. Why not?
He was assassinated by a Ukrainian Neo-Nazi, the same people, you shared a platform with in Kiev.
Why do other GOP act as though Russia is our friend?
And you look the other way on #LiarInChief #treason #russiagate #RepublicanCoward
have you read the latest newspapers,  mr McCaine? yr moral is well below the  freezingpoint
We r not going to war w/Russia to satisfy your bloodlust!
I'm a Democrat, but I'm happy you're in the Capital. You're a real patriot, even if we disagree sometimes. #respect
Patriot means lier in your world? Thanks God, I'm from another world...
Patriot is someone who is willing to put country over party, and who suffered torture to keep USA safe. Russian shill

relax Conrad McCain worry about your country men and our health care. Russian's can vote Putin out next year.
be honest with us and say why you want war with Russia
Descarado es usted al haberle pedido una donaciones al embajador ruso para su campaña del 2008 cobarde, fraude senil
Old man McCain, a stooge for a leftist like Soros. You're a disgrace.

please tell American people what you know in an independent investigation so that we remain free #russiagate #Trumprussia
Sounds like Democrat state terrorism. His name is Seth Rich. Democrats/RINOs call him Russia.
I see that you're still upset that Hillary lost and that we're not at war with Russia.  You'rea vile old, big govt globalist
"#Trump Opens @SenJohnMcCain's Treasonous Can of Worms"
http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/07/20/trump-opens-mccains-treasonous-can-of-worms/ …

'giving info… that led to the downing of 60 #USA aircraft'
I am certain that Putin had something to do with the assassination of Mr. Voronenkov. Putin is ruthless. #Russiagate
another McCain #lie...
jackass. what about the thousands of people killed by american drones every year in countless acts of #terrorism
Your Saudi terrorist buddies funded Hillarys campaign and you want people to worry about Russian interference? Oh, please 
You support the #NWO you are a traitor to ALL AMERICANS EVEN THE ZOMBIE SHEEP WHO FOLLOW YOUR LIES!  Karma is natural law!!!
this is more cover-up of the Trump lies about Russia, and we hope you hold comrade Trump accountable for his treason!!!!!!!!
question Senator where are Trump's taxes? Where are Trump's taxes? Where are Trump's taxes? Where are comrade Trump's taxes??
commies here there and everywhere! It's so clear to see that your paranoia is seriously effecting your mental state!
why would #Parchev, a known Ukrainian neo-Nazi soldier, kill #DenisVoronenkov on #Kremlin orders? Makes no sense. @tonykevin
time to retire
please do not stop calling for independent investigations
Hows your business interests in Ukraine going? Is your son doing well out of it still?
retire
but he was a Communist
McCain has mental issues. Just a few days ago he was accusing @randpaul a Russian Agent working for VVP. #MAGA
Right. If @RandPaul is a Russian agent,  Trump must be Putin himself, in his view. 
REPEAL AND REPLACE: McCain, Comey and Ryan
killer of Voronenkov was Parshev, Ukraine NeoNazi fighter, patronized by US & EU
You are a neo-con warmonger that supported Hillary. You supported arming Al-Qaeda. You define the term treason u psychopath.
So what? He was a suicide.
< is a very sick person indeed.
the MP was murdered by a Ukrainian nazi who killed people in Donbass but somehow it's Russias fault
why don’t you get yourself a life and stop the nonsense about so-called Russian aggression. Your are obsessed about Russia.
obsessed! Trump called him out for his pow BS and he is stilled pissed. Research it.johns a traitor.without a doubt
Voronenkov was a criminal, just like u r.
You think you know everything don't you John,but you are very far out on this one
Where are all the replies?
Proof?
The only real Russia connection is Hillary Clinton selling USA uranium to Russia, investigate that
Knock it off Mcain, we are not going to war with Russia you warmonger
so get rid of the Russian puppets running the White House. You have the power.
you are WORSE than Russia John McCain.
oh , are you concerned, or very concerned this time? Can we upgrade that to gravely concerned? DO SOMETHING!!!
Please keep up pressure to have #IndependentInvestigation on Russian involvement with election. Democracy needs to win
resign you old fool!
Get used to it @SenJohnMcCain Your President is leading the US to become a soviet bloc nation
Again, please do something about it besides tweet.
keep drilling into KGB/Putin messing with America and west
get to the bottom of the Trump Russia connections
then do something about it. But you won't, you're instead allowing Putin to cover his tracks while his puppet sits in the WH.
We demand an independent investigation into Russian/Trump ties. Treason and corruption will not stand.
As you can see Russia is dangerous in many ways...Nunes needs to step down & need independent commission to investigate them
@DevinNunes listen to ur mentors, u serve the people of the USA not @POTUS. Bi partisan open hearings. Time for Big Boy Pants
The slain murderer "Pavel Parshov" was an ex-member of Nazi "Donbass Battalion" responsible for war crimes...who you support
.Wonder with all the Russian  involvement in this new Adm.when death comes here 2 silence some.Putin is in control at all x.
Stay on this Senator, you are our hope to honestly keep honesty in this. Terrible!
what about the brazen acts committed by this Administration. Pls push for an independent investigation. NATION over PARTY.
Yet you do nothing of consequence to fight Russian influence in Washington. The GOP is aligned with Russian thugs, why stay?
A brave individual willing to stand up to Putin. @America_vo  #resist  WE MUST NOW DEMAND INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION #Russia
The grandfather wake up. There is no KGB for a long time
NOT TO MENTION THE GUY PUSHED OUT BOF 4TH STORY WINDOW NOW IN HOSPITAL.  WHY IS TILLERSON GOING TO RUSSIA-SUSPICIOUS
You're beyond brain-dead with your excessive Russophobia!
Russian MP killed in Kiev, UKRAINE by Ukrainian National Guard !!
saw a interesting picture of you and George Soros looked pretty chummy
thank you for  speaking truth to murderous power beyond my ability to even grasp without your help.  Watch your back too.
My washing machine broke down. As a result of my investigation, I came to the conclusion that you are the fault of Mr. McCain
I bet @SenJohnMcCain sleeps and dreams about Putin. This is an unhealthy obsession, John.
If you cared about any of this you would switch parties, give senate to the Dems, and put some Checks crazy administration
I dont understand... American senator thinks americans are stupid or what? Too much lie mr McCain, too much lie...
*don't *Americans *Mr Leave off "or what" and change "much" to "many". Lie should be plural

Killer name Parshov Pavel Alexandrovich, Dnepropetrovsk, Ukrain, 07/28/1988
Member of the nationalist battalion of the national guard of Ukraine.
He kill Denis Voronenkov as revenge for the vote on the return of the Crimea to Russia in 2014.
How many does this make? There are no coincidences.
You go John Keep up the great work
Keep at it, Senator McCain!  You will be shown to be a true hero and courageous voice of truth when all the facts are known!
Why do many republicans like Putin.  According to a recent national poll ?
this guy spent all of his life in Ru up until 2017 and no one touched him.As soon as he went to nazi ukraine-bang!
this reminds 1 more time that no any murders in nazi UA was uncovered: Odessa massacre, journos Buzina and Sheremet, now this
http://truepundit.com/exclusive-white-house-fingers-john-mccain-as-media-leak-believes-u-s-senator-eavesdropped-on-trumps-classified-phone/ … U suck! just resign traitor!
How about getting together and working to get our health bill passed with free-market choices!!
Please keep being the voice of honesty, ethics and moral fortitude. Press for independant prosecutor!
let the investigations begin
did u send vitaly churkin another letter asking him for money again? Communist bum!
Russia is NOT who we look up to.  Don't understand why @POTUS misses this.
in another act of brazen terrorism, McCain works with Soros and globalists to end American sovereignty by collapsing it into the NWO.
It's ok John. You can stop now. We know you're the leaker. The good news is this surprises no one. 
#termlimits #unhinged
Thank you for standing up for what is right. We need an independent investigation #Trumprussia
And yet, our POTUS, who may have colluded to get elected is allowed to nominate SCOTUS and threaten over healthcare bill
Is anyone going to be left alive?
you would know about brazen. You are a traitor to freedom and to Arizona. Resign
@POTUS44 SEN McCAIN: Tnx 4 again showing that "VladP is NOT on our team!" => Is @potus "Manchurian Candidate," 2 deep...
..in BROMANCE w/VP, OR R $$ ties w/Russia 2 tite 4 good policy decisions? No matter which, OUTCOMES SUCK!!
"We need to identify and prosecute the leakers!" Turns out @DevinNunes was THE leaker of a CI-Russia operation. Traitor.  @SenJohnMcCain
Get on with the real issue of investigating @POTUS connections to Russia before the election. You lead and we will follow.
Thank you Senator McCain 4 putting Country first. It's restored my trust there are Patriots left. Putin isn't a US friend
We need to get em out of the White House...revoked citizenship could be in order for thee oligangster.
You should be like Goldwater who 40 yrs ago went to the POTUS & said it's time for you to go!
U say Rand Paul is a Russian agent!Shows ur out 2lunch!time to throw the towel in!We no Russian boogeyman Plot DONT EXIST
Please impeach and find out about his Russian involvement . Thank you.
Trump has never rebuked such terrorism. We need to come to the realization that Trump is a permanent stain on our democracy
stay strong we need an independent investigation into trump Russian connections
McCain IS NOT INDEPENDENT, how do you think he became so wealthy?
He's on payroll of MIC. More wars, more sales
@jongarysteele and this is who your president admires. SMH
.   Your the only one we can trust to make sure trump is exposed for his russia ties he needs to leave the white house
You should care as much about the American people, especially when it comes to immigration
#respect #integrity #IndependentCommission This Democrat thanks you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator, for protecting our democracy
We need an Independent investigation on Trump associations with Russia. What Nunes did is improper & outrageous.
GOOD LORD!  Aren't you tired yet?  U should learn to speak Russian as much as u lik to talk about them!  #TermLimits
you are a true American Patriot.  Pls keep us informed.  Horrible situation in Russia now
isn't it ironic, don't ya think?
I wonder how long it takes @realDonaldTrump before he starts assassinating all of his critics.
because they know they have a friend in @POTUS to cover their back. If @DevinNunes blocks special investigation were screwed.
And this is the man Donny Trump admires.  Frightening that he is so morally bankrupt.
remember that time the US meddled with another country and all the tax payers got a bonus on their return? Me neither.
And yet the republican party keeps turning a blind eye to the threat they are right here on our shores and in our white house
if you spent more time looking st our issue and struggles you might learn something.  Out of touch rhino
@Ash10222 those guys don't play #treason
And @POTUS idolizes Putin.  You need to impeach Trump. NOW! He is an illegitimate POTUS.
check the gun for rexs prints.
Russian mobsters and Putin is their Godfather
- this is @POTUS BFF, & until the USA's @POTUS takes on Putin, the USA is next. Find a way to Impeach...
@wikileaks is confirming new info that @SenJohnMcCain is the one leaking classified info to Press. #traitorMcCain
.@SenJohnMcCain And the @GOP says:

yet our president favors Russia. When will madness end. Where is leadership and integrity
Thank you, Senator.  Keep up the good work.
BREAKING : Bombshell Report Fingers McCain as Anti-Trump "Media Leak" http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bombshell-report-fingers-mccain-as-anti-trump-media-leak/59388/ …
@662dawg @SenJohnMcCain Wouldn't be surprised. He's part of the problem.
and the ties to our current admin are terrifying - PLEASE BE THE VOICE OF REASON - CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION MUST PROCEED!
Unbelievable. Now please get Trump out
Soon it will be U assassinated in USA by DT.....DO SOMETHING, U have enough power to take him down. DO IT!
It's time you stepped down.  You are losing it.
I guess u want to go to war with Russia as well! Az needs to vote ur democrat ass war hawk out!
yet you continue to support the treasonous @POTUS and his band of traitors..  Demand independent prosecutor...
Yet some of our citizens r working w/Russians to line their pockets while enjoying our freedoms.Putting democracy at risk!
Stop the invasion of refugees! We need too take care of own citizens.
Tragic that some Americans r part of that terrorism.Take money from them to line their pockets,they r part of the terrorism!
In comparison, is @realDonaldTrump so innocent?! (I certainly hope so.) #trumpbromance #putinpuppet #fakepotus @CNNPolitics @nprpolitics
. There is a house of cards unraveling and I have no doubt that some cards are in our own WH.
And yet you still do nothing about possible collusion by our president...more than talk is needed!! Be an American!!! #RESIST
Will diminish value of data AT&T & other ISPs hoped to sell PII data w/o the individual's permission. Hope your's is first.
only a matter of time before #TrumpRussia starts employing the same tactics here.
