If only your President would do so.
But if someone is offering non-partisan training on improving elections? Not the worst thing to offer.
No, not at all.  But do you think the USA is really in a position to offer election advice?!
Not sure denouncing these people as spies is the way to go either. That's the route Cambo gov't has chosen.
You care because you were in the Malay. (Y)Our sick MIC has a new baby now. You know this.
Well, they don't. And we all know this for years.
There was this small issue with bombing back in the 1970s...
You are right about that.

My apologies Sen McCain. Disregard these people attacking you. Get well for America, 1 of FEW Reps who STAND UP to say NO to the whiny brat!
Lol!  Keep drinking that kool aid
Shifty one tells all. Like an annoying fly buzzing around.
NDI, a group of old Democrat Party hacks--like Albright, Daschle & Dean. RINO John panders some more. Support @POTUS #MAGA
If you care So much about hate why don't you go on tv and denounce antifa and BLM they are no better than any other hate group hate is hate
How can a country whose president just pardoned man who VIOLATED CIVIL RIGHTS UP THE WAZOO stand 4democracy & human rights? 

#impeach trump
US didn't stand for human rights when we had the "Killing Fields" in Cambodia due to Vietnam exit.
Maybe you should learn the correct history.Cambodia was taken over by the KHMER rouge thanks to us bombing and unstabilizing their country
#humanrights: why support so rarely; inconsistently & too late? World powers do let despotism & impunity flourish.
@doyle_kevin Far too late, impunity too embedded as too many chose to do business despite the obvious!
The US has ZERO credibility these days.. thanks to @GOP and @POTUS .. ur party owns this shit show!
We live in a country where the candidate that lost had 3 million more votes than the winner. We have no credibility to lecture anybody.
You only stand for democracy & human rights if it puts a buck in your pocket.
John!  Is there no place in the world that you don't want the US to spread itself  thin?  It's time for you to stay home and hug a map!
The only way to stand for democracy and human rights is to #ImpeachTrump
Trump the #westie to Sen McCain. Impossible as Top Dog  no respect for democracy or rule of law. Pardon ARPAIO abuse of office. Bark RESIGN
Starting HERE denouncing Nazis and the KKK a great start.  God bless you, John McCain. Prayers for healing and love to you.
Deplorable that you had an opportunity to do something with Obamacare and you DID NOT KEEP YOUR PROMISE TO THE PEOPLE!
#supportTRUMP
Sorry, the US has not right saying anything about democracy in other countries when your own country is turning into dictatorship.
Hey Singbird McCain looks like you have quite a fan club going on with the communist Democratic cult.  From their comments they love you.
Communist Democratic Cult? Is that a reference to more social programs? Ya know, the most popular programs in the country. 1of2
Such as Medicare, Social Security, Medicaid. God forbid we have healthcare for all! That would mean more money from uber rich.
They are deplorable!@SenJohnMcCain sending that should be across the aisle!Compassion and decency has no party affiliation!
#Cambodia democracy is in danger point. Opposition leader has been arrested for treason. Attacked on medias. @SenJohnMcCain @RepRohrabacher
Us go home !!!
Wonder why GOPers are against democracy & human rights? Maybe you can get President Carter to help in Cambodia to promote fair elections
With the pardon of #joearpaio we can't claim to be any better than any country upon the planet. America is a joke tonight & @GOP complicit.
Given the UN grading of us, we may want to deal with our own situation first. #ImpeachTrump
Trump the #westie agrees. Urgent with Arpaio pardon
And yet, Trump is still in office.  For the love of America,  #Impeach
Hopefully for another 7 years.
Why do you think it's a good thing to have a man who is clearly suffering from dementia in the WH?
Because he is trying to help everyone, even the uneducated idiots who did not vote for him.
Pray tell, how is he helping anyone?
Economy great, MS 13 deported, illegal criminals deported, stock market going up, illegals coming in down 70%, etc.
Senator we need your leadership! Keep up the fight and live long and prosper! #AmanforallSeasons
bots are triggered by mccain

US sits for electoral coup & pardon of human rights violator
Therefore, US stands 4 nothing &  knows it
Hard to lecture when we are deporting people, killing the environment, ensuring bl/br people can't vote and both house/senate sit.
I'm sorry to hear about your cancer! Now PLEASE get on the right side of HISTORY, and demand impeachment for the puppet in OUR WH! Be FIRST!
Why does this surprise u? The UN will do nothing, as usual, as 1%er politicians grand stand while actually doing nothing.
How is that dismantled US dept. of state machinery doing?

Want to help Cambodia? Get the DoS up and running. Fire Tillerson.
shape up with the support of white supremacy. Doesn't look good, does it?   /end
human rights, voter suppression, private prisons, police brutality have been pushed hard for almost two decades. UN recently told USA to /2
Unfortunately we don't stand for democracy and human rights in our own country. Permitted overthrow by authoritarian regime. As far as /1
Have a message for you @SenJohnMcCain from the Cambodians, keep your filthy hands off Cambodia
Senator, God bless you.  Time is running out to go nuclear.  Do the right thing.
Also disgraceful is how @realDonaldTrump bashed you in Phoenix.  #ImpeachTrump
WE CANNOT FORCE A COUNTRY TO BE DEMOCRATIC! WE DON'T HAVE IT RIGHT YET, AND THEY SEE THE CHAOS CURRENTLY IN THE US AND PAUSE.
Be our hero once again sir, and call for the impeachment of trump for his financial  conflicts of interest both foreign and domestic.
@GOP
Let's start with Russia & China !
A very Hypocritical Statement coming from a RepublicanPartyPolitician n John, Your Party has been BLOCKING Democracy in America for 40years!
Yes just like you get paid from shadow government to be a war monger! Disgraceful
Senator, I don't always agree with you, but I've always respected you. Please do more to stop the erosion of democratic values by Trump!
From the anti-democracy anti-freedom anti-representation Republican @SenJohnMcCain
Pretty sure USS John McCain being hacked and sunk was a threat to you.  Stay safe and keep fighting, you are a hero to many.
Just another democrat war monger.
You can now add the United States of America to the list of endangered species list for Human Rights
Going against @POTUS as you do, you ARE GOING AGAINT FREEDOM HERE IN OUR COUNTRY. Stop betraying us & THROWING OUR COUNTRY TO THE DOGS.
Why police the world when we can't even police with dignity here in America? Just stop, look in the mirror, find priorities 1 at a time.
& you NEED to Stand Up Supporting @POTUS & WeThePeople. 7YEARS OF PROMISE WAS JUST A LIE time to make it right REAPELREPLACE ObCare
Disgraceful that weasel McCain is still a senator after a career of lying and selling out Americans. Get your butt out of my Senate McCain
You know those are Soros NGO's. That is why the president is ending the funding. We know what you all are doing. We have the internet!
You'd better take care of democracy in your own country or you're not able to see what's going on there?
You are on your way out Songbird McCain
Article 2,Section 4 The President shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes
Because we all know "John McCain" Stands for Democracy ! What a total turd burger
Senator, #RepealObamaCare!
How can we promote democracy and human rights in other countries when they are under attack here in the United States?
Thank you for saying this.
How about standing up for average Americana & Small Business once - just once.  #hero2zero. Enjoy your $1M ranch & premium health care
Disgraceful that YOU put personal agenda, special interests, lobbyists & your status as DC Royalty ahead of Americans & Small Business
Human rights? Democracy? With our current POTUS?
Like you stood on your word to repeal Obamacare John? Your a legendary lier!
retire it's time
Really, talk to your potus about trans ban then.
That you for tweeting this senator. This is just one of the many cases going on in Cambodia that needs to be highlighted at the world stage.
I don't know what we're going to do Mr McCain but I'm certainly pray and diligently for you and your family
I'm praying everyday for you sir
Beyond words US & UN ceased to stand up for democracy & human rights in 1945. Explain Saudi Arabia/Middle East otherwise? #Oil #BlindEye
Yes because forcing people to buy overpriced, inefficient healthcare is so democratic.  Enough John, you're done.
You need to be talking to your President. We no longer have the right to lecture anyone re: Democracy. Republicans now own this sh*t show.
Fine thoughts, Senator. Only problem is, under the current administration we don't anymore.
Sir i hope you are getting better everyday.but we need to fix the huge problem we have in the WH in other word we need to take the trash out
#Cambodia's Prez said he admires @realDonaldTrump & is following his lead Shame on you & @gop 4 enabling #NaziSympathizer @POTUS #Resist
I mean your party president has a desire to kick out tran patriots for no moral reasoning, but then again he had no respect 4 your service
Rich coming from a guy who thought Bilbo Bigot would make a good AG.
It is disgraceful that there is a Nazi in the WH pretending to be President
Going to be extremely difficult with the lunatic in the Oval Office!
They did it because we're withholding funds
You're going to stand on democracy and ethics? You betrayed your State and your Country to get even with POTUS. Then you laughed.#neverahero
Fine. Just no nation-building while we are standing for democracy.
so, um, what are going to do about trump?!
Senators must stand for their parties choice and elected Commander in Chief... Don't ya think John?
Senator, the GOP is being recognized as the Nazi party. It's sort of hard to push democracy while that's going on.
Uh, your leader does NOT stand for human rights.
It won't happen with the current administration in the WH! He won't stand for American Human Rights Mr McCain! Get Well Soon!!!
Please support the wall and stop worrying about this stupid crap.  Let's make AZ safe first, then fix the rest of the world if you want.
We're having enough trouble doing that in our country
So you do know the use of the word disgraceful
Any other conflicts you'd like us in the middle of? You might as well do it in 1 Tweet
@alwaysfreevoice we need to get our own human rights issues in order first.
John your party has never stood for human rights. And your president is a shinning example of bigotry and hate. Dont post GOP lies.
Cambodia is a kingdom. Were they supporting action against the monarchy? Khmer Rouge last time king destabilized.
The Dumbo rats and the commies love him that's all that's on his Twitter don't worry they'll Abandon Ship quickly and he'll have no one left
You're hilarious-- democracy & human rights and you don't go well John.
Here We Go Again One vote Johnny is at it again
You complain about this but it never bothered you Cambodia kept our POWs. Unbelievable how do look in the mirror?
What about my rights when you vetoed the repeal of Obamacare? Once a traitor, always a traitor.
Could be worse songbird... remember Pol Pot. Just RETIRE and get yourself medicated Brutus.
US democracy has been lost here. Voting taken away from minorities, gerrymandering, corporate money to republicans. We need true democracy.
Disgraceful John McCain!
IS ABORTION A HUMAN RIGHT FOR THE UNBORN CHILD
HUMANS RIGHTS AS DEFINED AS WHAT...DO YOU THINK SAUDI GIVES HUMAN RIGHTS
Yeah you don't stand for us Americans either. Disgraceful
We do stand for it. Where have you been. Oh you want to send troops
Unless they are here in America?  When will you stand up for your constituents?
My family is concerned why the military ship with you name was aloud to be ambushed.I would think smoke or hot air might be the cause.Mtgdbs
Oh please, as long as president dumb-as-s**t is in charge nothing worth anything will ever be done... your move, Senator!
Disgraceful that you're trying to destroy the Jones Act!!!!!!!
So should the GOP #Hypocrisy
Hey Songbird McCain.  Maybe they don't like you meddling in their affairs like you did in the Ukraine.
More important, here in the USA to preserve our own democracy since our hateful Potus is on his best way to destroy it!
Fix my health care
US not standing 4 much these days. DT is making a mockery of the office  of P. Look no further than 2dayz tweets. V. Sad 4 our service ppl.
Agree w/ you Sen. McCain + disagree w/ confused folks conflating disappointment w/ election results + dislike of DT w/ failure of democracy.
1 dead in Charleston hostage situation. No response from Trump.
With current atmosphere we may go try starting in the US
That's the primary objective for every nation to stand for #HumanRights & democracy.But we've observed that @POTUS does it with tear gas.
You want the US to stand up for other countries suffering but you wouldn't stend up to end Obama Care! Really!! Really John!
Liar - your credibility is 0
You have no moral grounds to talk about human rights. http://www.salon.com/2017/05/08/john-mccains-human-rights-op-ed-is-riddled-with-falsehoods-and-amnesia/ …
Why?  The president doesn't
Keep your anti American mouth closed you trump hater! You ruined health care for all of us! You need removed asap
You are no longer significant, crawl back under your democrat rock.
Can't happen with @realDonaldTrump as POTUS he's  2 busy attacking his own ppl & sending dog whistles to his base. And profiteering
Mis huevos, esas ONGs son nefastas
Thanks for paying attention and speaking out.
Disgraceful Senator that my healthcare expense is astronomical / over 8 million Dems voted 4 Trump to repeal and replace/it's time 4 change
Please just go away. You are a traitor and a liar
Done for Americans ,but you idiots in the Senate only care about your political career instead of us. Help trump with our agenda. Damn
The US is too distracted by the sociopath in office and the crazy crap he's been doing.
Get used to it little Bonnie he'll be there for the next seven and a half years so go into your little corner and weep snowflake
Disgraceful is you killing healthcare after 7 years of lying to all of AMERICA. You are worse than a democrate. U can finally get something.
We must practice what we preach at home for it to have meaning and value abroad.
The US should have stood for democracy & human rights when we got here & killed Native Americans, then stole their land. But, there it is.
Thanks Senator and please impeach Trump for it's the right thing to do for our country. Get well soon
Why not worry about what's going on America first....
Nobody trusts us anymore with the Tangerine Nightmare in charge. We're BARELY a democracy. Just ask Putin.
I would certainly agree with you Senator.  But we now have a President who thinks Nazis are fine people.  The US has lost its moral standing
Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump doesn't believe in either democracy or human rights so KEEP FIGHTING SENATOR!!!
Darn Tooten! Your right Sir!
And you should have stood up for the American people and voted yes for REPEAL and REPLACE
We need to clean our own house before worrying about other countries.
We need a president that defends these values.  We are no longer the voice and light of democracy and human rights.
Want to stand for democracy and human rights? Take a stand and 25:4 our insane potus.
In any conflict around the world first thing suffering is democracy and human rights and America is not always there. we rationalize some
Sorry Johnny, under trump the US doesn't stand for those qualities anymore, & your fellow Rs seem ok with that. It's all Russia and profits
I love you, Senator McCain.  Thank you for your military service.  I voted for you in 2008, and I wish you well in your health battles.
None of our business what Cambodia does do your job Obama care replacement taxes removing all illegal aliens
Agreed. Why don't we start in the US?
With the UN warning the US about human rights, I don't think we got much standing to say anything about what Cambodia does ???
That's bullshit created by the media because they want a race war.unfortunatley the left is stupid enough to believe it.
Another war right?  Healthcare fixes you are against but war you are all go.  #termlimits
People around world have doubt about sincerity of America about human rights, when certain conflict close to half century old are not solve.
The GOP and the President should probably start standing for democracy and human rights at home, first.
Fyi-PresTrump is NOT for Democracy or America. #LiarAndChief  He's ONLY for himself, Russia & His Pocketbook. McCain is a True American!
That may be tough for this President.
Senator, currently, the Republican Party has abdicated its stewardship of democracy by aiding Donald Trump in his mission to destroy it.
All the parties need done away with,they only care about their own pockets not ours.
Dear John,
NDI...pffft. A scam for funding and favors to reward benefactors.
Please help American PEOPLE now.
Thank you for your service.
Will you please put a stop to unnecessary tax dollar expenditures. How many vacationS DO THEY GET
people are sick of being invaded by the CIA - there's plenty to do in the USA john, time to bring the soldiers and spooks home already
The US doesn't stand up for it in their own country so how are they going to do it for another country?
Why don't you stand for human rights on health care repeal and replace! You are a joke, good for nothing democrat!! #MAGA for all in the USA
If you truly want America to "stand for democracy and human rights" you need to get yourself another President.
Yep, if only #Cambodia was more like America ...
Obama is no longer President.
Obama pulled bush card for 8 years
Wow Maureen you just proved agents point. Good job!
...NDI is just another money laundering scam non-profit NGO.
