This wld be more inspiring if you hadn't then voted for the bill you said you wouldn't vote for - to take healthcare away from millions.
Exactly.  End of story. And that is your legacy @SenJohnMcCain All talk. And then you threw away all values and voted party. Shameful
Are you aware he voted AGAINST repeal?
I am referring to the vote right after "the speech"
A vote to continue debate?  Who cares?  He then broke party lines and voted in favor of what you support... so why are you upset?
Harry Reid refused to allow debate for nearly a decade. I don't mind them debating things I'm for or against. That's how govt works.
This vote
I was against that as well. He came out, voted to continue debate, voted FOR this liberal amendment that lost, then against full repeal.
We do listen to the "bluster." It's where the truth lies, not the propaganda from you guys & MSM.
"...assured the room he would not vote for that bill unless it dramatically changed." Right before voting for it w/o changes. #RIPYourLegacy
Procedural vote for debate != Voting for the bill
Honky. None of it matters past vote to proceed, none of these amendments make a difference. They will just replace it with a backroom deal
Last amendment will change the entire bill to whatever they worked out to try and get to 50 behind closed doors
Anyone trying to play the concern for senate procedure card at this point is just being deliberately blind
Horseshit. You cannot be aggrieved a bill was written in darkness but happy its killed in darkness. Good job liking/retweeting your own post
Retweeted to put it in my tl, like was a ui habit. Glad we can talk about substance instead of looking for bullshit to tear people down on
Maybe we should take a vote on note talking about anything at all? I'll jot you down for a no.
@realDonaldTrump will be #POTUS for the rest of @SenJohnMcCain's miserable life
You sure did put Obamacare in it's place. You left it right in place and refused to repeal it. You lied.
You screwed us....
Problem with US health care:Senators treatment approx $150K+ with median survival increase two mos...Drug not reimbursed in UK...who says NO
sir dont mean disrespect but you must do better for the PEOPLE the disdain for the potus shows in your vote, it shows the USA just that sir
lets put him in his...recall...
You are a sheep in wolves clothing. Don't call yourself Republican or conservative. You should be ashamed of yourself! #repealobamacare
You don't even hide the fact you have no courage to stand up and fight for what's right. You want to look tough but you are a baaaa sheep.
Embarrassing watching you advocate for inclusion then voting to push a secret AHCA bill through to debate. #Countryoverparty #CorruptGovt
That's what's puzzling to me, too.  He reprimands his peers to return to a being a deliberative body- then retreats to sequestrated conclave
Dont make a hero out of a loser
Kind of feel like this has been done- no? It's working for a lot ppl- those millions begging to keep it &for Congress to WORK to improve it?
the ACA already was a compromise; it is a conservative healthcare plan using a combination of private/public enterprise, passed by Democrats
talk is cheap sir. Meanwhile you have your premium care thanks to the American people and we have crap coverage. Shame on you. :(
Thankyou senator MCCAIN. You have saved the huge senior citizens of this country.
Thank you Senator McCain for standing up against the unchristian goal of removing healthcare from our most vulnerable citizens. #ACA
Bravo monsieur John Mc Cain pour avoir voté contre Trump et monsieur vous pouvez pas mettre dehors votre Président il fait peur en Europe
That's B.S.  McCain just loaded America with a despotic healthcare system!

Heard reports that you laughed with the Democrats and declared Trump will never make America great again after your vote. U r despicable.
How about we put republicans in their place next year?  For supporting a deadly bill that costs bigly lives.
Be a Republican stand with Trump or retire you are letting the Democrats win
Way to stand up for the exact opposite of your campaign promises. I'm shocked a poli would lie to get elected, NOT! #crustyolddudesmustgo
Cancer will put McCain in his place soon enough
NOTHING BUT A HEADLINER
No longer praying for you & your family, what you did for revenge was very hateful, unprincipled and very unethical. You broke OathOfOffice
You are a hollow man who shouldn't be celebrated. Your vote brought millions closer to losing healthcare. Absolute shame.
Yep, Johnny. You should have done better. Now, you are a costly embarrassment.
so proud of you thanks
Your votes potentially harm others with the same diagnosis as you. Do not be proud of yourself. You have time to fix it. Use this gift.
John McCain in the Ape cage in DC where you Socialist Oligarchs throw feces on the conservatives in USA.
https://twitter.com/JBOfromSuwanee/status/891302384890150913 …
I applaud your courage, convictions and intestinal fortitude. There is no limit what this Country could achieve if partisan politics ceased
He lied to get elected.  Simple.  I have lost all respect for you Senator!
He don't care!
Personally, I think your speech was hypocritical given your stance the last 6 years! Here's proof:
And the American people will speak at the polls. The libtard's political career is over.
Can we repeal John McCain?
@SenJohnMcCain is my Senator #Proud
Sorry sir you aligned yourself with Hollywood and elites with your vote on Ocare. I don't trust you anymore.
Yup...he showed them. This one's for you McCain. This is on you.
If you were made to use Obamacare, you wouldn't be standing there.
Works fine
Saving 1 life is saving humanity where I'm from, you just did that, not just today but everyday hence forth, all the best
John McCain showed his true colors and his lack of concern for the American people.  Hate he is ill but its way past time for him to go.
I'm sure former Senators Daschle and Frisk are relieved
You are the king of the maggots Mister McCain and Linda Graham is your queen
Wish you would put the American public ahead of you hate of President Trump.
John McCain Casts Legacy Vote Against American People – Votes To Continue ObamaCare…
I always new McCain was a really
I hope we get a real republican when you retire.
That speech was pointless, only meant to bolster your ego. Who do U serve, because it sure as hell is not the American people.
Thank you for your vote against repealing Obamacare!
#retire
Thank you!  I didn't regret that I voted for you
Thank you, Senator McCain.
Such a great speech, I will remember it forever. Your ability to be honest and strength to stand up for what is right is overwhelming. TY
You just confirmed that no one should have voted for you in 2008. Even you preferred your opponent.
Great to see you back, best wishes and prayers, from Ireland
http://bit.ly/2u5yJ5o 
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator McCain! 
It has been an emotional experience watching our senator remind the country why he is a true American hero.
McCain is about Mc Cain - not Americans. Time for old gas bag to retire.
Thank you SO much. Now maybe you can all work together and fix the healthcare system
THANK You! Now, Need help getting the President captured by the Russians out of  THE OVAL office. Sessions? Best TIME to impeach DT is NOW!
Amen: John solidified his legacy - a man who would say anything to get elected and had no problem lying constantly to his own voters
Proud of u John!
Thank you for putting the people before politics.  Hopefully the Dems & Rep will work together.  You are an inspiration!
You're a good man Senator McCain with a big and caring heart for others.  Thank you.
Why do you vote with D's to block repeal?
You are a true embarrassment Sen.
Thank you!
About time country came before party! The Maverick we know and loved!
we need a GOOD replacement ! , something for everyone !
Good
McCain appears a traitor, he sealed how he will be remembered, all Americans will suffer because of McCain
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain
are you proud of yourself letting the team down! Yuck it up when you get best care and we suffer! Pathetic!
this was an awful display tonight!Embarassing! You are a democrat!Leave the party!
you get the best care in our dine and leave people to suffer! You are an embarrassment!
Country before party! Bravo!

Fake and phony
Well you will go down in history as the man that, is a traitor to the American people.
Thank you.
You showed your courage once again with the deciding vote early Friday morning.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski thank you for your courage and for putting the will of the American people above party.
Thanx, fence rider!
Miserable old man! How long did you wait for treatment with deluxe insurance funded by taxpayers, who can no longer afford insurance?!
Thank you!
@senjohnmccain has so many treasons left in him. This cancer is going to lay him in his grave too early.
Good job voting no on the #SkinnyBill Tens of millions of Americans get to keep their health insurance as a result.
Thank you
You have saved many Americans tonight. You deserve a purple heart from the people.
@SenJohnMcCain when did you become a Democrat?
please vote no!! Keep our healthcare!
VOTE NO JOHN!!!!!!! Work with Democrats and fix the ACA. And save your stupid party while you are at it.
Very inspirational speech yesterday.  Please vote NO and return to normal process.  Save our democracy!!
RESIGN!!!
You not voted to remove the ACA's protections against rising premiums the ACA would have worked as intended. You were shameful then and now!
Sir, please save my healthcare.  Outside now.  If you vote for it, you should mean it.
Senator-please watch your speech again before voting. This is irresponsible. Did everyone read the bill yet?
But Senator - it only increases cynicism about our system when you vote in a way to make your fine words seem so much political hogwash
vote no please God vote no ryan is a liar if it passes you will destroy healthcare it will be worse then the depression.
Hilarious speech.  This post and that speech will surely age well.
Time to show that your words are not empty platitudes.  Please vote NO!
You are responsible for your vote no matter what happens down the road.
Now is your chance to live up to these words you have spoken. Voting for a bill you know to be terrible is not regular order.
Bunch of wasted words, or put your vote where your mouth is?
Thank you for voting no on a healthcare bill that no one wanted to become law.
I had lot of respect for you but you lost it all by promoting a clown show on healthcare that put millions of lives at risk. Shame
Skinny Repeal= NO
Saw your speech. Inspired. I look forward to bipartisan cooperation in bettering current ACA policy.  Let that be the legacy of this session
Please please please vote NO on the Skinny bill!!!! Please!!
Sure DID! 2 "Yes, I'm With Mitch!" votes and one No. #Pathetic
Sorry for your illness but you have a Cadillac health plan and you want to stick us with obamacare and Medicare. We want #repealobamacare!
Democrate McCain hurt America when he didn't vote for clean Repeal! Retire Soros Rats McCain you are not equal to the President
Yes We the people want a bipartisan effort to fix ACA
Sen. McCain, if there was an ounce of sincerity in your speech Tuesday, you will vote no on this cynical bill.
I wish you had to deal with the sh#t health care I am mandated to have
Please vote NO and keep your integrity. Too much at stake for too many people.
You sounded like the same establishment clown that helped Barack Hussein O get elected. You spent more time attacking Sarah Palin.
You derided talk radio and the voters. You love the MSM,especially Washington Compost,New York Slimes and CNN. You're a pathetic RINO.
@SenJohnMcCain you work for WE THE PEOPLE. We voted to give Rep the power to repeal. You're part of the problem. You'll be voted out next.

All talk no action... You Mitch, Lindsey, Collins and others are a waste of time and money! Our money! Time to retire time has passed you!
John- the Hell with you and all you congressional rhinos and Potomac two steppers! Time to step down and let others finally get it done!
John McCain needs to fulfill his promise...repeal and replace the current aca!!!
Your legacy is one of shame.  You deserve no honor for what you have done.  You have tarnished your reputation forever
Stand up for the people, not party or big money. Help fix ACA
And you are supposed to work for this country not for yourself. Stop fighting Trump at every turn. Be the hero you are.
All you are doing is making this country suffer from this pathetic health bill. End it. And help write one that is actually good.
Just because you can't stand Trump shouldn't mean you should take it out on Americans. Repeal Obamacare. You never voted for it
Why are you shilling for him? You know it's an act and that he bears as much responsibility as anyone for the state of the Senate.
New book “Hue” shows hubris of top officials led to enormous
needless suffering and death. Same can
be said of #GOP health care approach.
Not one of you care about us. You only care about votes. You have ruined your legacy. U once were great but now it about $'s for you! Sad.
You and all your friend will not hold them accountable. Record profits and they keep blaming Ocare. If you cared you would try to fix it.
Please really think about the American people. You all know it's the greedy insurance companies that are ruining ocare. But the donate to u
Please pass term limits before u croak!!!
How is that? You voted AGAINST REPEAL. Do you have Alzheimer's too?
I guess if Congress had to live with what they throw us, the people paying them, they might ACTUALLY take care with us. #mykidneedsinsurance
SENATOR I HEARD YOUR GREAT SPEECH! IF THAT DOES NOT UNITE THEM ;TO WORK TOGETHER; I DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL!
He and his peers had 8 years to come up with a better solution. Right?
Say a prayer for Russian meddling that allowed you to repeal the ACA and give 'freedom' to 15 million Americans by uninsuring them.
You sir are a trader to the free society.  Your _knew world order will fail_.
All talk and then you'll just vote with the Party again. Cowardly Trump lackey. Walk the walk for once in your fucking senatorial career.
Please GOP added 100 amendments to that bill
And you should be put in your place too! In a garbage can... you can't be called human after what you did #GOPIGS
#McCain puts #Senate in its place? Too bad that's the same place it's been for nearly a decade: paralyzed by partisanship.

#resist
OK - Pass MTP so we can work on difference and get a plan - ok vote for bill we don't want so we can get a plan - embarrassing for Senate
Quite honestly, you're a sham. You have accomplished nothing politically and you're all talk. Really depressing. Hope you get voted out.
I enjoyed your speech but your votes fail to match your rhetoric. Your surgery did not bankrupt you as it would so many without ACA
And then voted party line.
McCain knows DAME well that NO DEMS are going to come to the table to get rid of OBAMACARE. McCain is a two faced RINO another SOROS puppet
Sen Mccain, I love you but it isn't accurate about the ACA vote. 180 GOP amndmnts were added! GOP then voted no on bill they helped to craft
Senator Mccain please know how much Respect and Admiration I have for U tonight!!!Standing for Principals and Arizonans will not b Forgotten
Plz vote 4 country ovr party ! I'm counting on u as a dem but American 1st . I like my Obamacare . Plz be the voice of reason !
And yet, you voted in favor of moving forward with a plan that will cut millions off from healthcare, while OUR tax dollars pay for yours
As usual - pass buck  - CYA and vote  party line - speech is worthless- NO vote assures sitting down -
Voting for a bill you do not want to become law - a no vote stops that - your legacy just became all talk no action - gutless - pass buck
Please help us #STOPTRUMPSTWEETS
Why do you think the Dems will EVER work on any healthcare plan that will have Trump's signature on it?  They won't.
Yes vote on skinny bill  makes your speech nothing but words that you refuses to back up with your vote.  Put you vote where your mouth is
stand strong & remain honest to your oath to the nation & your people-don't do this for party or points-too many will be affected negatively
was a great speech, then he voted yes. SHAME ON HIM. all talk no action...just action sticking with MEAN MITCH
Umm... you voted YES to something you haven't even seen yet. Hell to something that doesn't exist yet! Way to hurt the people of the USA
John at your age you should be voting for what's right not party. Do you have the guts to eliminate 16 or more million people's  healthcare?
