those who forget history... http://m.democracynow.org/stories/14292 
One way might be to take in a few Syrian Refugees especially Women and Children perhaps that five-year old Aleppo boy whose bro was killed
Senator McCain is a fine citizen and an honorable Soldier.  I wish we had more leadership like his.  Work across isle.

8/31/13 POTUS Wen to skeptical congress to support military air strikes Syria for chemical warfare abuses.  R majority Congress said NO
trump can't even sound presidential. Everything is about him not the country. Don't hope for anything from him
You don't find you funny that you were the last one to visit the area did you set this up
It wasn't Tulsi, that's for sure.
he wants to form an alliance with Putin
Obama asked Congress for approval to use military action in Syria in 2013. You said No. Stop passing the buck.
Not Obama's neglect alone. Congress took deaf ear & silence when he brought action 2 table. Please be truthful, all bear red lines.
Your inaction! Retire
Obama requested action in Syria and Congress denied it.  Now you are hiding the truth too?  Wow. Trump has really rubbed off on you.
Obama tried, GOP stopped him!
What is legal basis for declaring no-fly zone in Syria, Traitor McCain? YOU have armed ISIS and AlQaeda for YEARS.
Inaction?  Like training Jihadis for 6 years?  Arming them?  Facilitating their propaganda?  SOF fighting along side of them? #Genius
NO MORE WARS! It's shills like you that will cost young Americans their lives for a country most can't point to on a map
wrong...USA go  home
My ass inaction. You blocked every effort by President Obama to support Syria so you could keep your oil war going.  Cmon tell me I am wrong
Now America will become Russia 2.0. Goodbye Syria, hello Assad and Putin.
The blood of those people is on the hands of all who backed, supported and still cover for Trump. The GOP need to stand up.
Tell the people the truth about Syria.  Look at all the Democrats in this thread you have fooled.
Never thought I'd be disappointed w @POTUS @realDonaldTrump but no one's immune to criticism esp when the world's at risk over LIES #syria 


I finally have to salute this POTUS.  I watched in horror as Aleppo and it's people were decimated.  We must stop it.
Please SHUT UP!!!!!

Inaction because the Senate wouldn't allow Obama to take action.  What are you talking about?
Senator, you often get amnesia. Remember when Obama came to Congress for authorization to go to war with Syria?
Liar liar liar.  I have supported you voted for you and your party.  You have sold your soul.  Time to retire while you have a legacy left.
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
You helped cause it @SenJohnMcCain
This WH and Republican majority has zero credibility except when it comes to lies, collusion, & disregard for oaths taken.
John you know better..he's not going to do anything but keep blaming others..too close to Russia which is too close to Asad
Assad' actions have proven that he is a coward criminal who has no humanity and only wants to stay in power regardless of what the ppl want
-clinton-isil:s, are not let in...dumb McCainer. 
Turkey has same agreement. They know where Gülem had his base.
it's my understanding American troops are being deployed into Syria and the public is being kept in the dark
Indeed, the current admin has the opportunity to help make Middle! East and US safer by helping #Syrian ppl eliminate Assad #SyriaGasAttack
So sad even you don't know Trump is president now. The GOP doesn't realize Obama is gone.  Cry babies!
The disaster you caused by sending weapons to ISIS?
so Obama getting chemical weapons out of Syria "inaction". Trump's buddy Putin & hate/love China blocked UN action.
Question: did McCain deploy false flag gas attack to pressure Trump into war with Russia?
Timber!
Nice sentiment McCain. Problem is that most Republicans don't give a flying fuck about Syria or its people.On Trump's travel ban list too.
Please help #Syria
John, do you really think we can't look this stuff up? Just because #jonstewart isn't giving us our @TheDailyShow #fakenews we aren't dumb.
Senator McCain, it just occurred to me you must think we are stupid. DO NOT NUKE THE SENATE. Don't fib on @BarackObama legacy.
How do u no Syrian gov did this immediately?No investigation NO Isis?Gen.Clark exposed Syria War PLANNED ALL ALONG
The mainstream media won't tell the people the truth.  Look at all the comments on this thread.  They are brainwashed and clueless.
C'mon Maverick, you know this is not true. @BarackObama went to the do nothing Congress in 2013 for authorization and was rebuffed. #LOLGOP
Mcain supports gasing and slaughtering children. Syrians support their government and want US to stop illegally bringing in troops
Inaction? Look in the mirror. DO SOMETHING or retire.
Please, don't peddle this Trump narrative that Syria was Obama's fault. Senate voted no to go to war on Syria.
But unfortunately he won't do a thing.  He doesn't want to tick off Putin.  He is just a bunch of empty words.
there is NO evidence assad carried out the attack, and the infighting rebels have every motivation to do this as last ditch effort4 nato sup
getting rid of assad before dealing with aq and is gets us another afghanistan/ iraq on our hands to "rebuild" re: lay waste to
STOP BACKING AL QAEDA AND ISIS AS A CONTINUATION OF FAILED DEM POLICY
Just what are these "very difficult strategic questions" you propose?  Is further conflict with Russia part of your considerations?
Too late. POTUS already treated refugees as less than human by rejecting them. He emboldened ASSAD. #shameonusa
Sen McCain, before throwing support behind Trump, please remember how little he respects you. Do the right thing!!!
u, Sir, are an anachronism. You also cannot be relied upon to be loyal to your country. A fifth columnist, if u will

#mccain #hanoicanary
It would be nice, however Trump as no idea of what he's doing. The man is out of his mind.
Time to take out Assad regime.
Do you want to fight Iran and Russia and Syria and Korea all at the same time....you are a war monger.
Mcains attempt 2dupe Americans to support Mcain/bankers pillaging Syria.elites thefting trillions tax money while USA 21 trillion debt.
Please keep leading this! Horrific! Your experience is greatly needed!
How many US boots are already on the ground in Syria?  This is mission creep, and you KNOW how this ends.  Advisor to door kicker
He will do only enough to draw attention away from his Russian SCANDAL
Mcain=terrorist who is supplying rebels sarin gas.Youre murdering millions thinking Americans r stupid.mcain kills civilians 4 $$ remove him
Maybe if #GOPutins hadn't blocked Obama request for action v Assad years earlier 1000s of people/children would not be dead. Hypocrite&liar!
AGREED lets do it!!!
No more NEOCON folly, @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @RandPaul
That's the first thing you have said Senator that I agree with and you did it without trashing Potus! There is hope for you yet!
Obama did not ask Congress to overthrow Kaddafi and bomb Lybia. He bombed Syria anyway. Moot point. These are just facts. Yemen? Sudan? Same
Oh stop it.  You have had an entire career of inaction in congress.  Let's talk about the vets you have screwed
Hey Senator, NO MORE WAR! Not one American life should be sacrificed for this nonsense.
Inaction did not come from Obama. It came from GOP Congress obstructing Obama out of racist spite. Stop bullshitting & blame passing.
The senate voted against Obama using force, don't you remember?
End of august, 2013. WAKE UP, don't act addled.
How dare you blame Trump for Obama and Congress failures! This is your shit sandwich to take a bite out of-you own it!
that will boost his pole
President Obama asked congress if they wanted to go to war in Syria and they did nothing Accept your share of responsibility
Someone would have to tell him what to do.  Someone needs to get in front of Putin
Do you really think we (US) need to solve this problem?? Sorta like Iraq, Afghanistan and maybe Vietnam Nam!!??
Unfortunately he prefers blame than leadership
you're being sucked in again John.
He should send u there n NEVER bring u back. TRAITOR
.@SenJohnMcCain....you are a war #monger/Soros Puppet/Traitor...Did Obama find dirt on u, when he surveillance of u?
Anything you have to say, @potus should run FAST the opposite direction.  Your all about the $$ & propaganda, out with the white hairs!!
Can we use chemical attacks on California and Hawaii.
Only course is nuke them then we are done with them #AmericaFirst #draintheswamp
Traitor McCain! We the GOP want you out!!!!!
Good luck with tgat
Obama asked Congress for support in military actions against Syria. Said NO. Polls 58% did not want to get involved. Greta defended Obama.
Congress did not support military action back in 2013  and now you blame Obama you should be ashamed of yourselves
will #antiTRUST #terrorist @netanyahu intimidate @realDonaldTrump and turn him into a #ChickenShit like he did to @BarackObama @JoeBiden?
#Brasil #Política #Terrorismo #EUA #Síria Con el tirano genocida Assad tendrá mi total pleno y incondicional apoyo.
#Brasil #Política #Síria #Terrorismo #EUA Se Trump actuar con firmeza y hicier lo que tiene que ser hecho y ya debería tener sido hecho
I thought John Kerry claimed 100% of chemical weapons removed and you agreed! How could this happen?
Do not change rules! I thought you were better than that.
Trump doesn't know what "human rights" even means. #TrumpDestroyerOfRepublicanParty
You don't actually think he will take any action other than tweet about it, do you? I mean, be serious here McCain.
The more I hear you, the more I have no respect. GOP wouldn't approve actions proposed in those last 6 years. You just get lower & lower.
Wake up and stop pretending that the chemical attack was not an attempt with Russian cooperation to distract from troubles in White House
I agree, but please retire.
Guess Obama didn't ask GOP Congress for approval of Syrian strike in 2013 & GOP didn't deny it. Or ur admitting own inaction. Which is it?!
Nice try @SenJohnMcCain , President Obama brought this problem to the house and senate and Republicans Said No! We the people know the truth
Pray God this is what happens
Why be so partisan in your comment?  Why not leave out the "6 yrs" comment?  This is why Congress has become so divisive.
Your president Trump is a foreign affairs novice, has poor impulse control, is infatuated with Putin - what could possibly go wrong??
Thank you for speaking clearly and bravely on this one.
Aren't you busy today changing the Senate into another House of Reps, you know, with the majority vote concept?
You are so obvious...your al Qaeda army is behind this False Flag! There was NOTHING in it for Assad to do this, but YOU hit the jackpot! $$
Phhhhht

You would have us in as many wars as you and yours could continue to gain power and riches from. Retire.
Sorry to say, but you were right John. Simple no-fly zone would have prevented much of this slaughter..
Instead he blamed @BarackObama. He needs to stop using our tax dollars on his golf courses & become a full time president or step away.
how disappointing that you are playing the GOP game of BS. There is documentation of your refusal of Obama. Stand up!
Inaction by GOP Congress! BHO asked 4 Congress' approval to strike in '14, but Rs were so adamant not to give BHO anything, this is result!
But you wouldn't support @BarackObama?
While awful, I'm far more concerned about him creating a strategic and humanitarian disaster here, at home.
The new Pres is dismantling all of our protections. Air water pesticides, come on now. The emperor has no clothes
Why was their inaction ?  Please be honest
Yes & @POTUS will be hero for saving lives that matter. Also will make the world a great place by getting rid of Assad & Khamanai. Praying
It's not that easy. There are many implications, unless you want to go to war with those who support Assad.
In the same manner GWB responded to the humanitarian crisis in Iraq after Saddam gassed his people and hoarded WMBs and Yellow Cake? No TY
He doesn't know what course to take but when he does it will be attached to a lie for sure.
Its more like 6 years of trying to avoid another costly war.
How much faith do you have in that @SenJohnMcCain? Stop calling him out then supporting his decisions, picks, etc... Can't have it both ways
Not quite accurate...Obama requested action and Congress was silent, kinda like on the Garland nomination.
uh, think Obama tried but no one in Congress wanted to, 2 scared to, reelection issues? and so called president said no too 2013
That would be in conflict with his boyfriend, @PutinRF_Eng who is backing another despot, #Assad   Who gave #Assad regime the nerve gas?
We should skip #assad and go to war with the suppliers of death.
If you all would get off his back he can do great things, you are holding him back! Shame on you I thought you were better!
@realDonaldTrump has had plenty of opportunities to show leadership but he passed.
I'm sure he will, just as soon as someone finds oil in Syria.
lmao!
Obama did not do more because the @gop was throwing a tizzy. Trump is a Russian agent. Improvement?
Oh good, McCain wants another war.  Who should we bomb Johnny?  ISIS or the Syrians?  Sit back down in your rocker old man.
And your party is responsible for the inaction, you all voted no...
All the GOP congress did was cock-block @BarackObama. It didn't matter what the reason was. Hes not to blame its the bureaucrats!
Trump has already made the Syrian situation much much worse with his support of Assad & Russia. Disaster!
Obama asked Congress to take MILITARY ACTION IN SYRIA 2013 after a Gas  Attack. They declined. Trump is LYING OR STUPID blaming him!
Sadly within a week of #Tillerson saying that the US has no interest in the removal of #Assad  there are #SARIN gas attacks. #trump plan=bad
He won't.Russia is in this just as bad as Syria.He won't cross Russia,he owes too mush money over there.Thank you for what you do
How fickle your Democrat friends are. Go Republican once and they turn on you.
Not when the commander in chief is playing politics on the death Syrians and tangled with Putin, supporter of the Syrian regime
You mean the GOP Congress' inaction on Obama's request to do something on Syria?
Good but where was your outrage in 2013!!
Yeah, b/c obscenely wealthy & corrupt weapons manufacturers need to eat, too. #NWO
Uh........alternate fact? Didn't 44 ask you guys for help and you told him to pound sand?
Orrrrossssbu cocugu
@GOP @SenJohnMcCain @WhiteHouse he can't help himself how can he do that he can't lead he is a bully DUMP THE TRUMP
Trump has acted. He blamed Obama.
Sure he does. But since he doesn't care about the American people, why do you think he'll care about Syrians?
John don't be an errand boy sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill. Do what needs to be done. Get this classless  out of office.
You could change the course, but all you've done is back down from challenges. Weak. Trump's actions = unforgivable. And you share his bed.
You people in Congress are the blame for everything not the POTUS
He won't
He rather lie to America about Ms. Rice and defend Bill O. than actually do any real work. It's complicated? who knew? #trumpeffect
Getting a little forgetful in your old age? Or applying the revisionist history that the @SenateGOP love so much? You had a chance in 2013
