Yup, you did one hell of a job blowing up asphalt.
You blood thirsty Lout
Why were kushner minuchin and ross in the room when airstrikes approved. Their role? As bad as failed mission in Yemen decided at dinner
You helped NUKE the Senate Sir.
How could you?
You basically killed the Senate.
You had your chance @SenJohnMcCain You almost had me believing you were a decent human being. You're not. My bad.
- You are just another "party before country" hack..the former American hero. So, is it money? U fell inline quickly
G.reed
O.ver
P.eople
You are a damn hypocrite, sir. You wouldn't allow President Obama to conduct military actions on Syria but congratulating Trump for it.
SUPPORTING ANOTHER MANUFACTURED WAR I SEE. WILL YOU TALK ABOUT HOW WE ARE FUNDING AL NURSA TERRORISTS TO DESTABILIZE THE REGION? ??
So you want Wlll?? What is wrong with you.
Just when I believe you to be an honorable American, you continuously disappoint. Despite your service you are a hawk and love war above all
your are a joke, disappear
You're a chicken hawk war mongerer. You have zero credibility with the American people now
John-boy, you're pathetic!! #termlimits.. #SyriaStrikes
Give it a rest! Retire please
No one cares, you are working with Elizabeth Warren, RINO.
Can anyone explain to me why Putin had to be notified about the strike beforehand? I totally don't understand the reasoning.
Dear D, 
Glad John doesn't remember that time he & Lindsey told Obama they couldn't support an isolated military strike on Syria. #hypocrit
Lots of your constituents aren't buying it. Isis has access to chemical weapons and stands to gain the most from US intervention in Syria.
I wonder why Trump would want to appear " tough" on Russia all of a sudden

Hmmm... Wait a minute let me think...
Thanks for your interview on. @MSNBC & amazing answers you are a hero in the eyes & heart of millions for your honesty & care .@President
No
No
No
When they were throwing children into industrial blenders few short weeks ago you did nothing
Cut the crap

No WAR
NO WAR
NO NO NO
I guess you're happy now-War mongerer!How much money are you going to make from your war contracts?How does it feel betraying Americans?
Did YOU know about it before Putin did?
Listening unnecessarily. We know you love war
CHANGING THE SUBJECT? AFTER YOU LIED AND VOTED TO CHANGE THE RULES.. YOU PIG, I'LL NEVER TRUST YOU AGAIN.
I bet it was super successful..51 million dollars worth of misses..and YOU CALL RUSSIA before you attack...
Is that why there appears to be zero fuselage damage at the sight?  They flew away before the strike.
51 million ..to shell an empty..air field?
He can't even wag the dog right
Are you sure you have identified the real enemy?
You, of all ppl, KNOW that Trump is in bed w/Putin. It's not hard to see that Syria strike was theatre. #distraction
explain why when Obama asked for the exact same thing in 2013 all of GOP rejected it
No thanks grandpa
No because you are a liar. Benghazi?
Only half of the missiles hit their targets.  Will Trump ask for a refund?  Very poor performance by contractor.
"We struck a deal where we got 100% of the chemical weapons out," then-Secretary of State John Kerry said in July 2014. What happend John?
I watched your interview Senator McCain what you didn't mention was the fact that he forewarned the Russians about the airstrikes
There is always a domino effect for our actions. just saying,
R's do love a new war don't they?
No you lost any right to speak out after that deplorable nuclear option you & @GOP used for Gorsuch... so disappointed in you
Be sure to mention how Russia told Syria so all personnel & equip was removed & now cut comm w/ US pilots, ok?
War monger.  U and Graham. U just giddy
I can't stand you McCain! Congrats you got what you've been pushing for. We need to get real, nothing good for USA will come out of this.
Warmonger.
Now, let's have a defined goal, policy, and strategy and not just go at it half-arsed, please.
59 missiles. Reports that air pwr of #Syria not diminished. Like a n Korea missile into the water. #fail
You must be tingly discussing air strikes.
make sure you tell them your part in getting Sarin to the white helmets and the US$ that support these terroists as well....
and you'll spout a bunch of goddam lies.  we know what you & your Zionist pals are up to.
Don't spill the beans @oreillyfactor @DennisDMZ @POTUS @DiamondandSilk
Why are you talking about it? You are not our @POTUS
You are no longer credible. Said going nuclear was stupid then voted to do so. #resist McCain bs
You were right on so many International issues in the last 8 years that I cannot fathom how your suggestions were never adopted....
how to spell Crap, JM, a ego, pride filled Evil demented old man
Jared Kushner
ยง 12.21 Register within 15 days
ยง 12.70 Late compliance is not compliance. 
A Felony JUST LIKE FLYNN
McCain on Fox I just turn channel
Get away with attacking Syria without Legislative approval?  You are not the man I thought you were 2/
Don't do us any favors
I want to know why you backtracked on every American Principle and voted yes on Nueur Option! And, I want to know why you are letting 45 1/
No vote for Gorsuch!
No Vote in Senate Then pipe down
