You seem to take pride in thwarting the will of the American people.  Please refrain from this behavior.
Whoop-de-do. STOP this EFFING train wreck. All you do is cave.
Maybe all of u repubs should stand against him. U know & they know that what he's doing isn't right. Many of u sold ur souls.
1st off learn to spell. 2nd get out a dictionary & look up communist as well as fascist. Then we can discuss
I use to think John McCain was an American hero. He survived being POW can't resist trump. SAD
Most of his cabinet nomines are totally unqualifed. Did he look for the opposite of what was needed for the jobs? What a mess
U CAN'T GET THROUGH UR THICK HEAD WE VOTED 4 HIM & WITH UNDERSTANDING WE DIDN'T WANT ANY OF U EVER AGAIN HE WAS  2 DRAIN SWAM
You won't do anything useful like reject any of these assholes or Q the sanity of their boss. Try for treason, or impeach!
Sir-I have great respect for you-but you could have stood up & saved America from this 'mad man' Trump on January 6th.
SHOULD AMERICA BE FIRST Sen McCain? Bet he won't say yes!
As I said, all U do is toot your own horn. Veterans R watching U and talking about what U really stand for. GO HOME
Questioning why you are still in politics, other than the Dems are keeping you there to oppose #MyPresident
You are Complicit in the travesty unfolding
Question . . .but stop this madness.
I'm a liberal, I'd have accepted your presidency. Not Trump, though. Stand against that bully. Please.
THANK YOU!  Where is money already appropriated coming from to pay for wall? Don't want my fed taxes paying for that.  Wrong.
"I'll vote for him anyway" "I'm a coward with zero integrity"
figures you're against anything our POTUS wants remember we wanted to! He's the president not you, you're a traitor Democrat
please do not confirm any of Trump's choices. Please stand against him. #Ivote
why? Your time has come and gone so please get a real conservative in that position. #TermLimits
keep doing so and using your political action to stand up to him.
left U a letter, written on back of my DD214,  a photo of myself and my infant son while I was actv duty, & ammo coaster

I would hope so.
I think you are a lefy in disguise.Or are you still crying that Mr. Trump won?
What's the point if your just going to be a rubber stamp
Isn't Mick Mulvaney a member of House Freedom Caucus? The dopes Ted Cruz rolls with? #ugh http://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/house-freedom-caucus-donald-trump-231258 …
but where are you with Tillman and devos? Your email response to me was ambiguous. Speak your truth. We deserve it.
@tvogvo John, please retire and let Trump #MAGA
Who's paying for the Wall?  No $$ appropriated for it.  Where is POTUS taking it from???
Thank you!  I think you should question it.  Tillerson should never have been appointed.
I have great respect 4 U.When U told the woman Obama was not Arab.I knew you were a man of principles, U are our one hope.
Геннадий Викторович Балашов 
 1000 летнему унижению украинцев нищетой прийдет конец ч.з. Систему 5.10. Ты с нами?
coward
please please get Senate to clearly see what's happening here. I know you care
. Anybody taking legal action against Trump's conflict of interest? It is all over the place and you guys give a damn.
Remember your morality and do not confirm Devos. Stand up for ACA protections!
pls Senator stop this dictator. It's up to you and republicans in congress to stop this mess.
China ICBMs moved to Russian border. Please stop Trump.
I used to respect you. Why are you acting like a Dem? I bet Meghan is ashamed of your obstructionism.
Letting Trump build thrnDakota pipeline so,he can make,money? breaking treaties? I am no longer an American
Our so called president is a traitor who worked with Assange and Russia to win the election and he is mentally ill.
are we just okay with Russian interference in election? Asking for a friend who fought for this nation's freedom.
John, Please, we cannot allow this nut job and constant liar to be our President!  A national embarrassment! Help.
Be a fucking man and lead the impeachment. Country over party.
How about protecting #Chicago from an unhinged @POTUS & the constitution you fought to protect Abuse of Power #ImpeachTrump
Former CIA analyst and officer, here's what she thinks about Trump's speech at the #CIA
Do you really have confidence in Devos? My children beg you to vote no. Our public school teachers are amazing. Pls vote no.
oh you're "questioning" someone... You approved Russia's man, #Tillerson ffs, so you'll pass anyone #coward #fraud #GOP #Dems
Tough questioning, always a good thing.
Why bother all you GOP puppets just rubber stamped the most unqualified set of despicable morons ever. Just a POW. No hero.
be a leader, take a stand, America is watching
If  you really questioned you would have said no to Tillerson. He was a traitor for oil deal in Russia during sanctions.
you have quite a few democrat fans on here senator ..very odd
just leave for the DNC! quit running to fake CNN like a traitor to our POTUS, your republican constituents should be furious
Second time have saw you in media with George Soros.  Not a one world order McCain.  You are part of the problem.
Thk you for doing your job sir. This guy is not competent your party should not let him have the job.
Гриша рулит  https://youtu.be/EaDAICtGEjw 
But you will still vote for him so what does it matter?
& that is all you will do...we are tired of the rhetoric
Show some backbone. Stand for country before party.

Why bother? It's just a show now. Do your Russian master's bidding like a good Comrade. The people will not forget this.
You are a traitor and a coward.
Please do not confirm Devos. You seem to be the only Republican that has the integrity to stand up to Trump!
not like it matters spineless.
why don't you just retire and go home your out of touch
you've gone soft.
https://twitter.com/DonetskNovosti/status/823939023647424512 …
https://twitter.com/LuganskNovosti/status/823966140204515328 …
https://twitter.com/LuganskNovosti/status/823935396924911616 …
I thought that you had integrity what you're doing now kissing Donald trumps ass is sickening
This is you fighting against cabinet nominees you claim to oppose.
@realDonaldTrump @RepMickMulvaney @GenFlynn @CIA's Scheuer schools Israel Lobby lackey @SenJohnMcCain on 9/11 motive
you have had you time and not much got done! Support are get out of the way. Confirm the nominee's #TERMLIMTES
I used to have a lot of respect for you, but that flew out the door as you casted a yes vote for Tillerson! Shame on you!
vote NO!
Please Please Please question everything Trump does and says.
Senator give him a tough time.
Please stop them from gutting healthcare and the environment.
what does it matter, you do whatever @POTUS says, ur His puppet. Remember when he called you a loser for being a POW?!
would be nice if we could believe that questioning would lead to a conscientious, honorable vote against him.
Trump corrosive lie about 5 million illegal votes voted without any evidence facts He is making case for immigration
I heard you questioning on CSPAN. Thank you for holding him accountable
HE IS A LOOSE CANNON AND MUST BE STOPPED. HELP US OR FIND SOMEONE WHO WILL. DO NOT CAVE.
questioning his theory on illegal voting..the pipelines..and more...stop his behavior and false claims.  He must show proof!
Stronger Together AZ paid a visit to your Az office today. We were told to Stop Calling.
Apply pressure for a NO VOTE for Delos and Price
You were perfect.  Thanks for being our American Guardian of our Constitution.
You'll fold, you always do.
How about you start by questioning the President? What are you going to do about the TrumpleThinSkin/Russian connection?
Mr Trump lie remarks, no ampathy, why senior GOP leaders quite or afraid him. Speak up and Shut him Next Generation impact.
Trump administration lie makes lot of people energy and indecent talk goes to drain around the country Stop this admin lie
You, @LindseyGrahamSC & @marcorubio should be ashamed of Rex T votes. Remember when you had values?
All of you Rep. congress should work for the Americans who put you into office and you can be taken out in 2020.
Watch how all of you bow down to Trump?  Stand up and be counted. You see he is lying and the people he wants appointed  UGH
what are you doing about the agencies not be able to communicate with the public.  WE R a DEMOCRACY not totalitarian state
DJT believes millions of votes were illegal with no proof? Must have come from the same ppl he sent to Hawaii re:O's birth!
Could you question the POTUS to see if he needs to be checked into a pyscho ward?
Why bother? You're going to just fall in line behind the party.  Remember when you were a rebel & stood for your beliefs?
All talk and no action. Big game only to fold. Every. Single. Time. Wind resistance of open plains.
Yeah, question him.. Then give him the same pass you give jokers like Tillerson. It's a great charade. Thanks for nothing.

you can't even answer the folks on twitter or in your office "Vets" they just get arrested for going against you and Trump.
maybe you can ask Trump to ask Putin on your vote as you stood with Rex and Russia and saying nothing about ethics problems
I would watch but feel you'll flip flop anyway.  Tillerson?
Why questions you just rubber stamp like Tillerson and the rest. Scared of a Trump tweet about you not standing for people.
wow. You've got issues
you are not my party of choice.But you are a war hero and u show us that u are not afraid of a bully named Trump.
nanny taxes,JUST DONT LOOK ONTO TRUMPS TAXES!!
you need to get on board or step aside!!! You seem to be working against our President at every turn!!!
Trump is channeling crazy King George please help! Where are the sane Repubs!!!
Lets get this circus over with Let Trump have his cabinet many things to do to Make America Great Again
show us your true colors John Boy and oppose him. Keep being the great Democrat you are. #blueboy
you had better so more than question your duty is to the people!
why waste time just give away the USA to Putin. Pence and trump
Vote against Jeff Sessons.
No! Sessions helps me finally sleep at night. He will protect innocent lives!
HAHAHA questioning?? oh wow John, you go hard. Keep cavin' #maverickmyass
he questions all the appointees but votes GOP not what's best for America !!
we depend on good men and women to stand up and be counted. Otherwise history and their children will mark their failure
how does trump's and Putin's ass taste?
Sick, I couldnt imagine why you would put Hilarys above there's..ewwwww!
stand up for America and reject Exxon and #Putinspuppet @realDonaldTrump
is out Trump is in. Time for something new Senator you had your chance and America said no.
Please vote NO for Price, HHS.
I hope you are sincerely doubting the Education nominee DeVos as well.
No, Devos is a dream come true for minorities and middle class families!
you are a traitor sir for money and power and retention of your cushy spot you allowed America to be sold to Russia. Shame
Be on the right side of history. Stand up to the orange one and his band of nuts!
i question my wasted vote on you for president everyday
Can he find the 6 TRILLION dollars the Pentagon lost??
I appeciate your military service but I just saw your oscar wothy performance when you know you will vote for him. GAMG OF 8 STILL EXISTS 
why bother, Tillerson and the Russian connection was where you should have had massive issues. Benefit of the doubt, please.
....we know how you're going to vote....all talk...the Hero has vanished
Why? You'll cave and vote for him anyway just like you did Tillerson. Stop pretending you have a backbone.
@Tommy8668 U need 2 step up & STOP TRUMP. .unlike U did w Tillerson. .BAD MOVE
Why, so you can just vote for him anyway, even though he's clearly unfit?
Could you also question him silencing Scientists?
why so agressive let donald have the cabinet and give him a chance to make america great again
Sir they are going to privatize social security. Please vote no. And reconsider #noTillerson  This is about Russia & Oil
Senator, support Tribal Nations now. You said in Oct @NCAI1944 you would stand for Tribes. Now is time make good on promise!
Whose side are you on, McCain?  We must have term limits. Some staying so long they become childish and senile!
I have the power , you and 2 others threaten to side with Dems and u can have anything u want from trump and house
Why bother to post this? You act like you care, but in the end you'll just confirm him anyway. Like you did with Tillerson.
I can't.   I just don't respect John McCain enough to listen. Worst of the Old Republican Party.
but you will vote him in anyway
We are counting on it..you can go live in Iran..
maybe they can find your backbone
somebody will be asking you A LOT of questions soon McTraitor!
hope it's his constituents
Why go through this farce when you're gonna say "yes after careful consideration" anyways. @SenJohnMcCain
Party before county.
please question him on his thoughts about SS and Medicare
so vote against him pussy
You should have NOT VOTED for Tellerson - rest whatever!
Who side are you on? If you agree with Chuck ur on "the wrong side of HISTORY" come on John #AbolishTheIRS
No body cares John... They know you sold out. 

Don't sell us out to Russia
#Arizona wants to drain the #SwampCabinet #resisttrumptuesdays @IndivisibleTeam 
You mean like Hillary did with our uranium.
or like obama did with Iran?
I suspect your actions once again won't align with your talk.
Our only hope is principled republicans reigning in Trump and his lackeys.. unfortunately there doesn't appear to be any.
.@SenJohnMcCain Make it look convincing, Johnny.

Make Donald proud.
coward
Keep questioning the President instead.
give em hell this corruption has gotten out of hand
Yeah, "questioning"
