Amazing Sir.   Be well soon.   Our country needs you.
I don't know about #AZ but where I am it's a sure sign of the changing seasons to see the different species of birds come and go.
Hope it's happening in DC
I see 'Blackhawks every day where I live, that's where they make them.
We want you out! Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance

I'm glad you are regenerating in nature and with loved ones. Then, please come back and save democracy! 
Retire traitor!

Surprised you didn't send in a bomber to take him out
Senator I wish you a complete recovery but I'm so disappointed by your no vote on healthcare
John McCain sides with commie killers.
Begin GOP IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!!
I am glad u have time to birdwatch but could spare a moment to invoke  25th amendment? Please??? Also best wishes in your healing.
Thanks
glad you have time to sit on your ass either retire or get your ass back to DC and go back to work -for the americans this time please
More likely a Raven.  They are drawn to dark and dreary.
Absolutely beautiful.
At least you get great insurance. What a traitor and a fake
Does not compute
Is that a female or immature?  I didn't know they were so light underneath. My family are all birders. I hope nature is helping you heal.
it's magnificent, Sir!
.#KickHimOut #RemoveTrump #ImpeachTrump @VP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
SENATOR, ONCE YOU'VE COMPLETED TREATMENT, PLEASE VISIT THE IMMORTALITY INSTITUTE IN HOUSTON, TEXAS. HONORED TO SERVE AND HELP YOU SIRE! GBA
Really??  This is important to you...while our healthcare falls apart. Please retire.
wow cool man🖒
As we all know it is important to experience the joys of the moment.
Beautiful!
How did u accumulate all that wealth on a politicians salary? Ur voting record is about growing ur rich wife's business. We're getting u out
@SenJohnMcCain is he lost.. isnt he suppose to be in Chicago :-)
Still arizona is paying 116% higher premiums because you are the Savior of Obamacare
Good to see a pleasant tweet amongst all of the nasty ones today.  Know that you are in my thoughts and prayers.
Hope all is going well for you with your treatments, not an easy thing to go through.
It's a good sign to see a hawk.
Did you kill it John?
Nice birdie, can you see the people giving you one? Please retire, get out of people and TRUMPS way.
when will you disavow this Nazi hate monger you supported in Ukraine?
Good eye!
A vulture watching a Black hawk.
Remember every day is a gift from God!  Get well!
So pleased you're getting to spend time with family, Senator. Hoping for the best outcome for you.

Watching on a small screen phone, I was expecting a bkackhawk helicopter before I spotted the the actual hawk, LOL.
Zinke will find a way to destroy its habitat.
This is the Grand Old Party.  This is what you represent.
There's  hope for you Senator, but maybe, for once, u should put the people before you. Well, maybe not hope for you.
Why are you pictured all over the internet with this anti-Semitic, neo-nazi leader of the group svoboda from Ukraine? Do you disavow?
Nice baby hawk!
beautiful sir..hope your doing well
But where is your healthcare legislation
you are awesome.  I am so glad that you share this. I love you and hope you get well soon.  I live in Cali you are the best!
Fantastic! Time to enjoy life. You've done enough work.
Please RETIRE and continue enjoying these scenes on a daily basis.

Funny looking helicopter.
Enjoyed that, Senator.  Thanks for sharing
Great that's what you need to do watch birds, that's all your good for. Retire
Wish you'd come up Oak Creek into the Canyon. We have no cell signal here. Now that's a vacation
Please stay there bird watching!!!Your time has passed!!! Retire with some dignity!!!
Stop being rude. It's not okay. Be civil.
I once saw a mountain lion in Jack's Canyon.  Magnificent
Really? Get to work!
Disappointed in you sir. Thought you were a true patriot;  but you have turned your back on the Republican Party.
Was anyone else looking for a helicopter?
Sen. McCain,you truly represent the last of the Republicans that I once supported and felt good about. Thank you!
It's time you retire John and soak in the good life.  Enjoy your special healthcare privileges...watch some birds...rock in your chair.
Thank you
Look, like you it unnecessarily crashed into a tree.
Howdy neighbor
I call him Trump
Stop bird watching McCain and get us some better Healthcare
You should be filming "Black Hearts" not hawks. You know,..like the one you have.
Amazing
Too bad Trump wants to kill it by getting rid of the EPA.
But trumps anti environmental policies will destroy our protected lands and animal and plant diversity vital to ecosystems and survival
traitor To All conservatives
Sending prayers to you for speedy recovery.  God Bless you.  My Dad (now passed) and a WWII invasion of Normandy Vet Always loved you .stand
Up to Trump for our Country you both so vallently served!! 
Get well soon Senator McCain.  You are in our prayers!
That's it John just sit back and enjoy nature!  Nothing else!
An amazing observation!! Thanks for sharing.
Dear Captain McCain,
Glad that you are recovering. I have gained a new respect for you these past months. Please remove so-called president.
Very cool
A little Bird watching should help Sen McCain! Maybe he'll start seeing the forest from the trees in the swamp too? I'm glad you are well!
Moments like these remind me of when I lifted you up so high in  my mind and heart. What a let down to discover your common weakness of SELF
Good for you. Enjoy the important things because it's just a shit storm in government
Harbinger of doom for Trump, I hope.
Please continue to speak sincerely & with integrity re current events. This nation needs to see true leaders. Let GOP see what is decency
Magnificent!
Songbird McCain.... Correlation?
It's a shame that our leaders get vacation.In the real world,you would be fired for the job you do.(or don't do)
Will you rather have him not to do anything he is a traitor if there ever was a traitor
Enjoy Sen John McMain! So thankful to you for caring and saving Obamacare! Will forever be my hero
There's your new retirement job....fits you well....your new nickname will be "Bird watching SongBird"...
You seem to be enjoying this tax payer funded vacation so much....why not make it permanent.  Please, please retire.
Sad 2 report our birds are gone in Tucson thanks to @DRHorton @pimaarizona who approve and allow desert blading, abandon sites, @kgun9
Why not shot it down. You are good at that.
That hawk needs affordable healthcare. Maybe you'll show more consideration for a bird. Thanks for not being there for us.
small
fast
U can tell raptors because they're good fliers, soar
U can tell a lot about an animal by the way it moves
black hawk
the original
No doubt scouting the Coyotes in advance of the approaching hockey season.
They're trying to build a phosphate/strip mine about 10 miles from here, that could destroy everything, tho. #NoPhosphateMine
Wonderful birds.  I live in Mass, near the Blackstone River, and they circle constantly.  Such grace, power and beauty.....
We live in North FL, just n of Gainesville--&Iit! Sampson River runs thru or property, runs into Santa Fe 1/4ml behind. #Beautiful
America can be so beautiful--if only...
Technically Trump is my President. Bot
I was expecting a helicopter to come swooping in to do some damage! 
How about fixing healthcare ?  I have to work this summer so should you. I earn my living, you take from my earnings.
Hope you're on the mend, from U.K. Citizen

You should be ashamed, that's if the kind of fake propaganda that gets people hurt.
When my wife got cancer, she's a photographer, we did lots of photography. Some of her photos. We'll pray for you. https://www.viewbug.com/member/animals#/animals/gallery?sort=mostview …
ahhhh, so much I miss about beautiful Arizona. Glad you are home and thank you for sharing these lovely AZ gems.
John was this video taken before Blackhawk pick your eyeballs out for betraying the American people! Healthcare ad a  disgraceful American
I LOVE the nature in Arizona ♡
Beautiful !
McCain. Be quiet. You're nothing but a LIAR and TRAITOR! "We the People" don't want you. SHAME in you!   MAGA 
Thank You for this Nature Made Break from this Unnatural Hell we live in known as the Trump White Supremacist House...
Blackhawk...up?
How's it feel to now know for sure that your President is a White Supremacist?
Beautiful, my wife and I watch a falcon that visits our home. We also love to feed our cardinals and blue jays.
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing. All birds are amazing to me, but birds of prey are my favorite. 
Glad you are enjoying nature.  Let it heal.  It was here before us.
Thanks for the smile and reminder of the beauty which always exists, but only gets noticed when we are forced breathe deeply & look up.
Hope you're doing better by the day, Senator, keep up the good fight, love from Australia 
I like listening to birds shirping at 5 AM or in the evening
Why do you always vote against the environment?
Because he's a traitor he has bullshitted these people of Arizona for years and the funny thing is a lot of them still by his b*******
Darn it, I was looking for a helicopter. Best wish for your ongoing care.
My first thought too 
there is still some beauty in this world
that hawk will die w Trump as president; dont you get what he is doing to the environment??? Roll anything back from Obama..even GOOD
If i never told you before ,i will say it now,
Thank you for your service our country, and for your sacrifices.
I salute you sir.
Beautiful.
Hope u r doing well sir
I'm glad you're focusing on the Country's problems. It's time to retire!
#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Beautiful
Looks like a vulture to me... just waiting!!
Thank you. Hope your doing well. God bless.
You see Senator. You're the only one sharing beauty. And when you show it - we all see it with you. That's real leadership.

This is all we need to know about you
hope u can keep ur oncologist!

I love bird watching @SenJohnMcCain
how about to quit bird watching and get to work on a healthcare bill.  in the mean time u should sign up for aca
Get well quickly the WH is under siege by the Russians and the AltBright.
Beautiful!
You're a wonderful human. Just wonderful. DC must be so far far away
Arizona is the best state! And thanks to you Senator McCain. We u heal quickly! We need you fighting the good fight for AZ
Haha no he doesn't. He's a traitor and screwed up our chance at healthcare reform! Thanks @SenJohnMcCain . You're out in 2018.
The @potus is spitting on the graves of those who fought against Nazis during WWll.
Did you manage any bird watching when you were here in Oz?  We have an amazing variety of bird life.
How beautiful!
Yeah nice video... put the phone down and get Trump out of office so we can be proud of our president again
Try to enjoy the beauty in life for a minute.
I can't right now
Sad
Lovely- thanks for sharing. Helps me remember that there is still beauty in the world & We should share it. BLessings.
Lol, I kept looking for a chopper!
I visited you great state only once, 17 years ago as a boy on a vacation from England. I'll never forget the beauty of Arizona.
Please retire.
@realDonaldTrump hates big black hawks

#Arizona
lmao!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful.  Thanks for sharing.
Beautiful.  Much wildlife here florida/Georgia line.  Just finished feeding squirrels.  Enjoy, getting out gud rx.
Beautiful!!!
Wrong
Nice to see another Canoe U grad is fascinated by raptors :)
Enjoy your vacation, sir, and thanks for your continued service.
BEAT ARMY!
Wishing you well, Sen McCain.
It's the time we take to enjoy life in all its forms.
Yes,  it is.  Nature heals the spirit.

Beautiful.

NOW, DO SOMETHING!
SAY SOMETHING!!

Good Stuff
Beautiful
