Too much health care causes drug addiction
Mothr 89. Her mthr 99 whn die. Mom w/us 3.5 yr then strokes.Nuf $ 4 nurshm 2 mor yrs. In 10 yrs we R 10 yrs oldr, she can't get M. What then
Then change the class that Marijuana is in!! Soldiers show MUCH improvement with their PTSD on it, so DO you care for Veterans or not?!
Keep Medicaid intact
We must work together to remove Globalist traitors like yourself from America. #songbird
news broke recently John McCain’s McCain Institute for International Leadership was taking money from anti-American billionaire George Soros
Please vote no on healthcare bill, Senator
WATCH THIS: https://twitter.com/funder/status/879527706219749376 …
YOU'RE 80. I HOPE U LIVE2 BE 120, BUT U'LL STILL HAVE2ANSWER2AHIGHERJUDGEMENT THANSUCHOF #ARIZONA VOTERS
Watch this.

#ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #Resist 
This man has my respect!
Stop big pharmacy
Just as much nearly in NH..Gov Sununu and NH needs help with Medicaid..and so many on disability/seniors? Immigrants?
Then you HAVE to vote "no."
Come on John, Big Pharma finally cashing in on the Heroine trade and you gotta spoil the moment.
If you vote yes in healthcare bill- you will be voted OUT next cycle- count in it
Trump CARE LESS..will only make things worse..work together to find a compromise that everyone can agree upon..no more secret meetings.
Well, if you are serious you can start by going after the pharma companies and free up marijuana for natural treatment options.
John McCain is a corporate man. He'll give the corporations (pharma) tax cuts even if it takes lives.
How are you going to do that with the devastating bill you're about to pass??  #Hypocrite
DISAPPOINTED in your hypocrisy @SenJohnMcCain. Maverick? Try cheap-suit crumbling. BCRA will KILL opioid addicts, elderly, kids #VoteNoBCRA
guess where they are getting their pain meds?  FREE Medicaid, you need to put restrictions on these prescription meds killing people
i don't get it. i have been prescribed opiods after surgeries and then wean off them. i always can't wait to get off them.
#Trumpcare will make it worse. A delayed vote does not change that.
Earth to Doris. Are you totally daft? AHCA will remove funding for necessary services and treatment options. Lordy. #SaveACA #VoteNoAHCA
Sen. McCain, is a terrible crisis so I am sure you will be voting NO to the healthcare plan because it is cutting funding for this issue.
Wrong,. Party over country, didn't you know.  McCain always votes party
Big payoff from DeVos family, and a quick, quiet "yes" at her confirmation.
Senator McCain's inaction on ACA says it all

He has personal experience with the effects of Rx to addiction

and fails to act for AZ or USA
So where r u on this monstrosity of a tRump DeathCare bill?  I'm 62 & retired in your state. How can you be so silent ?
By cutting medicare? Do your duty to this country: Oppose the death bill!
Nice talk from someone who will hold his nose and vote for the horrific AHCA no matter how many it kills or bankrupts. #hypocrite
@Evan_Rosenfeld @12News  @SenJohnMcCain if you vote for Trump's Wealthcare bill you'll make it even worse.  But GOP really wants tax cuts!
Legalize #weed and that number will fall by 20% with no other effort, senator. And the deficit will drop a little too.
Well, maybe we would, if we'd have decent health insurance that covers addiction treatment.  Like that one we already have?  Vote no.
Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, concentrate. Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia got it?
One way YOU could help is to vote no on Trumpcare. #JustVoteNO
This may as well be "my prayers are with him" on a Facebook post about the homeless man living just outside your house. You can do something
Try not to run him over when you pull out of your driveway.
And yet not a peep about your opposition to the Senate healthcare bill which cuts funding.
#NoTrumpCare  #FixACA or #MedicareForAll
Then stand up for ACA and working to expand and fix it. Not sign death sentence for MILLIONS!!! Grow a pair
Let's start by funding healthcare for poor people
Then VOTE NO on this farce of a health care bill/billionaire tax break and preserve your credibility and your legacy!!
Don't sign that Trumpcare bill! Do something good for your constituents. Don't set them up to die without healthcare! Do you really care?
Yet you are still supporting the GOP healthcare or should I say #Wealthcare #Shameless
So how does that work with this healthcare bill?
Glad that you agree with a real leader..President Trump
