why do you allow cross check to steal our votes undermine our democracy and install a traitor like Trump
the evidence will explain. Watch as the circumstantial evidence becomes direct evidence.
I firmly believe there is evidence
Will you support an independent investigation to put this nightmare to rest?
lol!  Do some fact checking.
Why do you say things to make people think President Trump had collusion with Russia?You know that isn't True!
actually he knows it's true, that is why.  WAKE UP!
Fully awake,won't hold my breath waiting on apology when truth comes out,President Trump is vindicated
Trump is turning the US into a world wide joke. How long are you  going to sit by and watch him burn the US down?
Good Comrade!  Hang on to the bitter end.
.@SenJohnMcCain @facebook Why are you working so hard against our @POTUS and what's your ties to Soros?
Before you accuse others, do some research as to Trump's ties to Soros. Less hypocritical.
.@Fore_not_four @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Trump rec'd financing from Soros & Banks for Chicago Tribune Tower R.E. deal. Doesn't make them pals
Doing business together long before that & not just that one. Charged & pending *joint* RICO chgs.
Soros connections with the clintons. Their son-in-law
please keep insisting on independent commission on #Trumprussia
Not one senator listens to McCain. Ask him to talk abt his fake Russian phone call he fell for.
the amount spent on Trumps ADULT CHILDREN for vacations could have paid for Meeks on wheels this year.
And Obamas vacations could have paid for our national debt.
Sorry I missed it. I thank you for calling for a committee for Trump Russia. America first! 
.@SenJohnMcCain @facebook When will you retire Gov service wasn't meant to be a lifelong career job. Will you sign the #TermLimit bill?
how will you act to instigate an independent investigation into Trump and his past /current connections to Russia?
why not give( Americans the same healthcare you have?
What can Congress do to stop crazy personal travel spending by Trump and family?
Voting for you in 08 is one of my biggest regrets. You had better get on the Trump wagon or you have a bad day coming!
Here's a question for you..why don't you quit and go home? You're no more a Rep. or conservative that your buddy Obama.
Heathcare for ALL
 not tax cuts for the 1% 
No incentive for corps 
No Cuts to Medicare/Caid
1000$ says this gets shut down in first 2-minuets when McCain gets mad at questions. #TraitorMcCain
thank you McCain for putting America 1st. It's not a party issue, it's an ethical issue!
please start Amendment 25 proceedings
vote FOR repeal an replace
when will you call for the impeachment of trump
Why are you no longer referred to as "maverick"? Do you regret any of your compromises to the far right of the GOP?
how are we all gonna bounce back from the embarrassment called Pres...ugh I can't say it...Trump
How is it that someone with no job title and no salary gets an FBI security clearance?
DO they know your the LEAK!!!!
Thank you Senator, for seeking truth and justice. You are an American Hero. 
Why is AG Sessions not on trial for perjury?
why are we paying for trump Jr's business trips for daddy? Why has this not been addressed at your level?
Can you have Paul Manefort arrested for treason and impeach Trump ...
you must really miss Obama
Do you plan on voting 'yes' for Trumpcare? It will be devastating to millions of Americans!
get specl prosec for intelligence committee work as nunes cant be trusted any longer.  get rid of nunes
Do you support the loss of "Essential" coverage in proposed healthcare plan? How about age 50-64 paying more?!
The LIB Demo party is looking for a new "leader". Why don't you switch parties and apply for the job??
why are we paying for Trumps ADULT children  to be protected? They DO NOT live with him.
When will you get behind impeachment moves against an obviously mentally-unstable president? One who favors Putin.
NO on Gorsuch, NO on AHCA, NO on everything until Trump has been investigated! #RUSSIA #PostponeGorsuch #notmypresident
did you not see that comey admitted there's no evidence?
Not what he said but you rock on with the lalalafakenews! shtick.
*saw
seen! Remember it came on yesterday
It's "I saw the hearing". "I seen the hearing" is deplorably bad grammar.  #DeVosEffect #ImOut
you reported me 
Independent committee to investigate Trump#put everything on hold
You are a TRAITOR to the USA! You have ALWAYS been a traitor, and now you're leaking POTUS conversations! IMPEACH!
Arizona would you please retire this man, it's time.
you got balls they will chew you up and spit you out...
Why are you not upset about the unmasking of Americans and all the leaks happening I am very surprised your not
Our govt has been hijacked by extremists. Can u put together a bipartisan coalition to take them down? #WeThePeople
Why can't we provide healthcare for all Americans? The time is now.
.@SenJohnMcCain, Was honor 2 meet u last year, hear u pledge 2 support #MEcfs patients. Will u keep your promise to co-sponsor Hillbriefing?
Please just IMPREACH and imprison the traitor already!
like why are you fighting the will of the people, and why are you chaging parties and looking like an fool?
what will you do to ensure that any conflicts of interest for pres Trump and family are revealed?  Tax returns?
why the rush in senate to pass the aha bill in 2wk?, wait & get it right or is Rep. afraid of more info on Russia
What is your plan if hundred of thousands people lose their healthcare? Or the rural hospitals close?
Are you going to formally change from a R to a D or continue this charade as a RINO?
When are you going to resign?
.@SenJohnMcCain FB live? What a great way to pick which questions you want to answer and to not have to actually face your constituents.
Why do you always act negatively when talking about President Trump?  Republicans voters are tired of it.
Why are you always apposing President Trump? Are you hiding something?
why are we allowing a President under investigation by FBI to nominate someone to The Supreme Court?
No sir.
how soon can you retire?
Your time to retire is well overdue. Can you please let us know just how soon that will be?
when will you resign?
What can we or others do to make sure there is a special prosecutor to look at the Trump/Russia connection?
help us Obi Wan McCain you're our only hope (well, and Graham too)
why are the Republicans putting themselves before their constituents?
Question: Senator, how committed to an independent counsel are you?
Why is the VA Choice Program not a total choice Meaning VA goes thru 3rd party like TriWest an u have limited appts
the negative before they run the clip taking it out of context,it's a catch 22 make no negative comments you don't make news
Retire
Question..How much of a price do you think you will have to pay for your betrayal of GOP and our POTUS???
the media is using you and others by using only negative comments and cutting out the positive,then making statements about..
Could you teach your colleagues @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson how to do this so Georgians can have a town hall?
Sir, I thank you for calling for an ind. investigation on #russiagate Can you explain why Reps aren't following?
do you notice how lately your only on the news when you have something negative to say,5 good 1 bad,only the bad makes news..
are you gonna work the glory hole
are you enjoying being the new liberal darling.  I thought you were about loyalty.? What your doing is disgraceful
Our Government has been Highjacked, and paid for my Mercer! This Sitcom is a nightmare!!!
@TerryBelveal Retire already, traitor!! Your not doing anything for the good of our country! Your nothing but a puppet!  
Pass law for #TermLImits in House and Senate...and you lead the way out the door and back to AZ.
bye bye
Americans need and want universal healthcare for all now
time to retire old man. You've done enough damage, time to be put out to pasture
do you honestly believe putting someone  on the SCOTUS is right with active FBI investigation of this admin.
It's damn time for GOP to put #CountryBeforeParty No more #paytoplay #specialinterests or #coverups
Why don't you stay in the Senate and do your job. Instead you go on TV and try to be POTUS. You didn't win remember
Why does GOP keep voting against seeing #TrumpTaxReturn What r they hiding? Maybe ALL the GOP PAC Russian donatns?
I feel Congneeds to write some laws regarding the PresRequiring full background check and physand mental evalAgree?
Why is Sessions not being impeached/ purgery? Why r #nepotism, #conflictsofinterest & #EmolumentsClause not addresd
as a man who has served this country, how do you feel about having a CIC under FBI investigation for collusion.
would you encourage soldiers to have faith in the CIC when there is a dark cloud hanging over him?
how much have you gained as a war monger?
Why not a face-to-face town hall?
McCain is fake, remember Keating 5, Tail Hook, his entire career making up his own rules.
,hello sir ,my question is about siv programme? Can tell us about it ?
I'd love to hear your thoughts on @DevinNunes briefing @realDonaldTrump on the investigation.
Not listening to your anti-American rhetoric. Invite the CNN staff. I'm sure they love to hear you.
How can you remain a Republican when the party stands for screwing over the old and poor while enriching the 1%
Why have you betrayed the President? I regret every vote I cast for you! Please resign!!'
What evidence do you have to continue your insidious attacks on President Trump over fake Russian story!
We have got to stop this blind following of Trump.  It is un american.  INVESTIGATE !
follow Wikileaks
Will you support Bipartisan Select Committee & Independent Prosecutor re: Trump Campaign investigation? TY
what will happen to health care in AZ ? CA is voting for a single payer system. Maybe AZ should too? Consider?
another yellow bellied politician hiding behind technology in the belief that all people want to hear their lies
your Syria strategy, removal  al-assad, RU navy from tartus port, protected safe zones, US Air & ground troops
After everything that has passed w/you & Trump,how can you support this presidency & look your family in the eyes?
Thank you for leadership. What can we do to get an independent investigator? Question of COI oversight for POTUS.
boy this should be good,,,,,,,,,, NOT
bipartisan issue, America's government compromised! Backbone and integrity needed! Defend the constitution
poster child for term limits


#WeThePeople demand an Independent Investigation into the #Trumprussia ties!!
Thanks for supporting America & maintaining an open mind under pressure to "Just follow along!". Listen & govern.

Can you get your colleagues to focus on accomplishing positive legislation & ignore the peripheral nonsense? a fan!
Not for me you do not support President obstructionist
Sir, will you please consider pushing for an independent investigation into any Trump/Russia connections.
The town hall time should be stated in MST for your people in AZ, let the rest of the country translate for once.
Sir I am Concerned about bill #HR1313. I would like to know your position on this bill.
How can we revive Senate interest in fighting climate change? What can be done without White House support?
when will this nightmare be over and please don't say in 4 yrs until the next election cycle
So Trump said you weren't a hero, big deal.. get over it.  I agree with him. But IT DOESN'T mean a damn thing. Who cares? DO YOUR F..ing job
what branch of the military did you serve and what area of war were you in Andew?
None what is your point, Michelle
what are you going to do about all this Russian influence that is obviously swirling around this administration
RINO
My concern: threat posed to our national security and economy from run-away climate change. "A threat multiplier"
VOTE NO TODAY
I mean, make sure our Reps do
Why does the GOP hate older Americans?
if I did not have my meds amd procedures I WILL die. Why force this crap on us? I also have kids and NOT on aid.
not if you paid me
Treason with enemies is unforgivable & should send chills in every American. Independently investigate! Subpoenas!
Why can't we do one eye ball to eye ball like real Americans?
Given the IC investigation, what decisions should be put on hold?  SCOTUS?
health. will not qualify for insurance that is affordable.  New premier over a thousand a month just for me.
Putin is destroying democracy with Trump. GOP helping by destroying healthcare. How will u help save America?
Are you concerned that Ivanka, Jared and Bannon have positions in the Trump Admin? If yes, what can be done?
I'm stuck in the cracks of Trumps healthcare bill. I have preexisting illnesses but no SSI yet. Not working due to
How would you improve the #affordablecareact?
Why are you dragging feet with Russia?He has access to military, nukes,etc. While YOU wait he dismantles democracy.
can POTUS powers be stripped until investigations are completed.Treason and espionage is concerning of POTUS.
I'm a Dem from NC who respects you. Keep up the great work! Looking forward to town hall. How to get liar out of WH legally?
where's any proof he's lying?
Senator McCain, thank you for making yourself available today. If HR610 makes it to the Senate, how will you vote?
what's the process of Impreachment.Can the VP be included
what will happen to Americans needing Healthcare who cannot afford the new plan.
Will you be vocal in support of a select committee including @SenSchumer & @SenSanders?
Have you check out "March for America" ?  Claiming a coo is about to happen.  Hillary's own brother has ties to Russia!
Hey "songbird"why are you trying to start ww3 with Russia? 
Why are you trying to stab Emporer Trump in the back?
McCain sounds like Obama no balls
that both are traitors
When will you stop rolling over like a dead dog for the GOP and actually stand up against Trump? Country > party
Trump is the best thing that could have happened for USA, political hit job on Trump and McCain is part of it!
Why are you back stabbing OUR President?
Yes! A Good Thursday Sen. John McCain, Live Town Hall: FACEBOOK
Do you believe that the American people should trust the President?
people want to see a united party. You constantly divide yours. Can you explain why? And why won't you support DT?
#removeTrump please #tyrant #Incompetence  #trumpRussia
#Gratitude #PRAYERS to You Senator John McCain!
AWww Wish I had today off to watch this!
First Q - where is our independent #SpecialCounsel to investigate #Trumprussia ?
Actually, that is EXACTLY what the swamp wants.  Therefore being secret and public doesn't ever get the truth!
why do you continue to try to destroy potus and rip your own party apart? I just don't get it
