He serves his Country still, trying to give Americans well constructed bills that do not violate standards and harm his constituents.
I agree, Mary. @SenJohnMcCain is wonderful. When he ran against @BarackObama, who I campaigned for here in UK, I still was all for him. 1/
2/ When Mueller & @RepAdamSchiff are done, & Pence goes down with the ship.. we need to heal. A GOP POTUS to unite us. We can't afford to..
..wait for 2020 elections. We will need a POTUS & VP immediately. It feels only fair to me, bipartisan ticket: @JoeBiden & #McCain2017. 3/
Not thinking that ticket is likely but like both men.
Uniting country is a good thing to wish for and work for. Thanks for carrying that.
Thank you! 
From where I sit - are you exPat too, or early riser? I've never seen America so divided. We must unite to survive. Did you 1/
2/2 see Maddow, 9/27? Essential viewing https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lwCcbaAOzKQ … 

Divided we fall. Putin gets that, hence backing Trump. & Farage re Brexit.
Thanks for sharing... Had missed it.
He & thousands upon thousands have willingly served our country with honor. THANK YOU to every serviceman and  servicewoman. THANK YOU.
McCain a TRUMP HATER is now CNN's new hero.  They have one thing in common, they're propaganda news for the ALT LEFT
McCain traitor of the Republican Party and American people# Hero for the democrats and lieing destructive media. #FraudMcCain
McCain stood for and with Americans not Republicans not Democrats, He voted his objection and conscience the way the First Article outlines
He is a traitor a millionaire fraud who screwed americansRepuplicans. Said he would vote against ocare before he was elected. #RecallMcCain
A traitor puts self interests in front of a nation's, period.
McCain has never negotiated his interest at the expense of the United States.
Savior of Obamacare
Destroyed USS Forestal
Will he be remembered for the130 men that died on the USS Forestall because of his stupidity. Time for Johnny to retire.
It is astonishing to see the number of  brain washed people who think he is honest. The liberal media is effectively screwing the facts. Ugg

Remember that McCain is and always has been a fu*kup.  100+ sailors died aboard the aircraft carrier because his a wet start disagree

That's for sure
Like your so-called"leader",you Trumpsters really are a hateful lot.
that he turn his back on America and now we are stuck with Obama Care . we pay for his great health care
Your a Traitor
Proud 2 have u serving as my senator here in AZ. I would say that you will b remembered 4 honourable serving our great country! Prayers 2 U!
With honor


jonh , how we will straight this nation.
John McCain is a true American hero. God bless him. He has sacrificed much for the love of our country.
Bless you @SenJohnMcCain
Sorry you're having a rough time w cancer Mr. McCain. Thanks for your service. You voted w/ conscience. Keep up the brave fight.
I'm appalled by rude, disrespectful comments. I may have disagreed with his policies, but knew he stood for something important!
He served his country when his country benefited from McCain serving himself. Otherwise he served himself.
You'll be remembered as a tool of the shadow govt who armed terror groups for regime change in Syria, Ukraine, USA
Met with terror groups in 2013 to arm, train and pay monthly salaries to oust Assad for political purposes.
I'll remember how he said he would get rid of Obamacare, but then he didn't.  So I guess @SenJohnMcCain  will be remembered as a liar.
Yes you did/do Senator, six decades of service to America.
You walk the walk
You're a fake. Thank you for your service and goodbye.
Adrian, until you put ur life on the line for America, you need to back out of this thread quickly. U have no idea what he went through. Smh
Yes papi  whatever you say.
Who's papi? Get off the drugs.
I will remember him as a traitor, liar and backstabber. NO integrity NO Values.
Gone
McCain is irresponsible
He served himself at the expense of his country. Apolitical man not a true leader, he served because Arizona took in his lies, sad to watch
CNN has no, zero, zip credibility #FakeNews 
McCain is a joke. Tapper a Soros, Clinton puppet.
Class act who has served our country for 64 years!  Thank You Senator McCain, from the bottom of our hearts and souls!
He will be remembered being pardoned by Nixon for treason he betrayed America just like you Jake Tapper
Did mccain suck tappers penis too?
My dad was a navy pilot in the Korean conflict!   My family have been navy, love you all!
I know you served our country then and now!   Praying for you!
Haha.
Keating five always.....
50 years ago, he served his country. As a lying RINO, he does NOT serve it now!
What a guy!! BEST AMERICAN HERO!!!!!
So much respect for an American hero.
Bahaha honorably served his country. joke.Honorably served HIMSELF.He'll be own as a True American Traitor.
Thank goodness for that pardon ...
I fear you will be sadly remembered as The DEM you portray yourself to be. I respect your service to this country but you have now down.
You will always be my hero.  May God keep you among us for many years to come.
If u want to be remembered as a hero Senator McCain, get over your vendetta with the Prez, get on board with the agenda the people beg for
So true. Thank you just doesn't seem good enough, but thank you sir...thank you.
He served his country and thank him for that, but he is useless in Congress. Works for Dems. Since 2008 he has done nothing, in my book!
Remembered as a pretty level headed and reasonable politician a true maverick with real potus potential until you got in the clown car.
More than that, he survived POW & inspite of trump saying lies about him, he's a true hero. Wud u vote a traitor into the senate seat? Nope
Being a liberal Democrat in Republican clothing.
Traitor !
He served his country with honor and distinction. I may not agree with some of his political views, but he is a man of integrity.
He served his country by serving HIMSELF
There is a real urgency and desperation about this sad old son of a bitch to see ww3 -'one last & final taste of potency' -before he croaks.
And he did indeed. Great man John McCain but he is still kicking ass so why are you asking him that question Jake?! 
That stopped as soon as he became a senator.
No doubt that McCain fight against republican electorate reveals his Judas identity.

He negated that as a traitorous Senator.
I hope that this is what happens because when I think of you I think disaster in Syria and false promises and someone who is vindictive
Sir, the American people thank you for your service to our great country. You are appreciated and indeed beloved by your fellow Americans.
RINO
как сбитого летчика :) во всех смыслах этих слов
Great man , can anybody tell me about lobbying in USA , i think its modern type of corruption, give 5 billions dollar US sen, got it u want.
ALL Congress, SCOTUS and their staff should NOT be EXEMPT from #Obamacare. Make them live with same laws!
@POTUS
Songbird sang Americans died
McCain couldn't care less about American's healthcare, as long as he gets the best. He (& all of Congress) is EXEMPT from Obamacare
McCain gets Gold Cadillac Healthcare & he doesn't care about rest of America
Get real @CNN. Judgement Day will fall on @SenJohnMcCain when he stands before the pearly gates. He has a HELL of a lot to answer for
You did Sir and thank you
NOW IT'S TIME TO STAND BY HIS POTUS
I'M A VIETNAM VET.173RD AIRBORNE TET OFFENSIVE 68.I DON'T FEEL YOU'RE FIT FOR DUTY.WHO DIED AND MADE U GOD.THE US DOESN'T LIVE BY YOUR LAW
Much respect...
Much love and prayers for Sen. McCain.  I hope to see many more interviews with him in the future.

As the sell out who was paid by George Soros to vote no on Obamacare.
More bitter than lemons.
establishment worthless Republican who thinks Communist Russians are under his bed.   Did you repent for all Viet citizens you bombed?
Aw, that broke my heart.
Weird, a Democrat speaking on cnn.
We will remember him as a traitor to people who voted for him.
No question about it, you honorably served your country and thanks for the sacrifices you & family have made and still make 
hey jake,the question could be posed to you as well.tomorrows not promised to anyonr.peace and love to all
Americans would prefer to forget him as quickly as possible - unfortunately his legacy of hosing us will live on forever
He bilked Americans
