Republicans R watching U! What R U doing on CNN ALMOST DAILY! You are once again a traitor
I sincerely hope st some point decent Repubs stand up against this.  If not, in the end the Repubs will lose with the American people.
#RUSSIA

Well, if McCain were more like Reagan in 2008 maybe we wdnt have lost 2 SCOTUS seats, upended healthcare & doubled our debt. https://twitter.com/dailycaller/status/848969861455912961 …
Be happy to donate to your next opposition candidate. Run as the dumbacrat you are
ARE YOU GOING TO VOTE NO TO CLOTURE??? Encourage your party to #StopGorsuch #NoGorsuch #VoteNotoCloture #say no to #darkmoney & No #nuclear
Can you run for Pres again???? once Trump is impeached and Pence exposed for the coward/lackie he is,US needs a SMART "nice" patient LEADER.
#keatingfive
“This is a severe body blow to the Senate as an institution,” McCain said.  Meanwhile, he votes in favor.  Hypocrite.
Not going to vote for you senator time to come clean and wash trump out of our hair
History will show the total corruption of the Republican Party.

Without an Independent Commission you're all guilty
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
Don't you love sweet juicy irony when a democrat accuses a republican of being corrupt?  Where was your head in the DNC primaries???
Yes, to pull the Nuclear option is to meet one's own agenda is STUPID. It is not thinking about our children's future.
Please senator McCain think about America! We cannot undo history. Do the right thing. No Gorsuch! No Nuclear! 

You and Graham are the stupid ones. You were both okay with holding up lower court judges and Garland but now its outrage.
Shame to see an American hero's career end in disgrace supporting #ConManInChief @realDonaldTrump.

#NoRulesChange
#Integrity
Hiring family in high positions, taking money from trust, business entanglements all over, no list of who comes and goes, it goes on & on.
Sen McCain, why is it ok for this administration to act in ways that are so wrong and Repubs don't say anything? Breaking every rule.
Give az how about give America and don't change how we put judges in the Supreme Court
the enemy in IN the house Sir. Time to take action #impeachTrumpnow
#trumpleaks @SenJohnMcCain TELL trump TO QUIT, NOW! DO IT FOR ALL OF U.S.
YOU DO HAVE A CHOICE, SAY #NoToGorsuch!!!!!
It's time to do something about Trump. It's gone too far. #SyriaGasAttack
Why! So the crooked people who run them can give themselves big raises?
As a lifelong republican please don't betray your party because you're mad at Trump.  Band with them in supporting Gorsuch!!
Sir, I wish all politicians were as straight up and honest as you.  Americans are fortunate to have you.  Thank you for loving America.
why are you letting Trump get away with doing something.  You know the Rice story is a smoke screen.
Did John MCCain apologize to @realDonaldTrump yet after attacking him for his accurate tweet.
Dear Sen.McCain please help us people, we r so sick and tired of the constant confusion of the government. Can u straighten out that mess!!
You couldn't get dems 2 make a deal in your backroom meetings, so now you're turning on your own party? Take this POS out, @realDonaldTrump!
Sen McCain, if nuclear option is brought about, it will be the Republicans who do so. Simply come up with another candidate and avoid!
You trying to drum up more dark money here?  I encourage donations to GOP resistance groups.
Pls stand against the nuclear option. Any nominee who can't get 60 votes is too extreme.
Donating to Sierra Club to stop polluting Colorado River via uranium mine you authorized. #AZGivesDay
Rice interview followed by Mitchell (Rexy won't talk to her, a-hole?) w/Dubya counterpart "doing job"? Cut cute (R) to Toad shit: treason!
I expect my tax dollars to provide...
But for '68(whn GOP fili'd LBJ nom Fortas) this is unpreced'd. But for 9/11, 'W' kept  safe. #UglyPatternOfLying #StupidIdiotMcCain
What is your stand on illegal surveillance? Oh that's right that was against your party, can't criticize the Democrats can you.
@CNN "100yrs/tradition whr Sen funct'd pretty well, [Dems] think it'll b a good idea to blow it up." GOP blew it up in '68 u #StupidIdiot
You simply hate the country we call america. #traitor
Thank you for speaking out on Trump Syrian stance.  You are most respected Republican and true war hero.
@SenJohnMcCain is a traitor. Ask him why he needed a pardon from President Nixon. Stop trying to arm muslim terrorists, John! #Disgraced
Please senator McCain, tell them to STOP killing innocent people and children! 
2 save the nation:  End the Fed and end ALL immigration.
Stop going into other countries & bombing them. Then they won't need to find a safe place to live. EVIL!
I'm totally against McCain's Syrian policy, he helped start the war, Im 4 peace and hands off Assad. Yes, stop the bombing now.
Good thing about John McCain is he isn't bitter....
Good thing about John McCain is he isn't Trump!
and which ones did you give to?????????
Look here war monger! Why is it the liberal media gives U more airtime then liberals themselves? Why? @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @seanhannity
You will forever be known as a neocon who goes against the American people
Why are you so scared of Russia? Are you a chicken? You just destroyed your legacy in 1 year
#Arizona please donate to Military Assistance Mission or our local Police department, do ur research before donating..Senator ur a disgrace
The world will be better off when you and all of your comrades are removed from the planet once and for all.  Can't wait ! ! !
I hope that your "party" is destroyed in the end.  You and everyone of your comrades are the scourge of the nation.
Remember the German's who were "Just Following Orders" and what happened to them in the end.  I hope that this same fate falls onto the GOP!
Politicians who can help but wont are just as guilty as the ones who are trying to destroy our country.
Please do not vote for the nuclear option on the Supreme Court: "We will either hang together or we will hang separately" Benjamin Franklin
You could actually do something good for the country but you put PARTY over COUNTRY time and time again.
Don't change how we put judges in the Supreme Court
FYI they already changed how they put judges on the SC.  His name is Merrick Garland.
John you are ALL talk and NO action.  It's time to put up or shut up.  Really, just SHUT UP if all you're going to do is TALK...TALK...TALK
Use your considerable influence to protect and improve Access/Medicaid in Arizona. Many depend in you!!
McCain, how about working with your party. Who's side are you you on anyway !
I will if you will please resign 
