Shame on republicans 23 million AMERICANS without healthcare
i think that @realDonaldTrump treat me slaver for him n families. i tried borrowed money to his SKorea supporters, all were ignored.
Both Father/Grandfather ServedandProtected When will you step up at this most dangerous time.This USAship is RudderlessNo Commander at helm
Real POTUS would have facilitated MultiLateral Western Response to Future Threats RussianCyberWar Serve Notice West will Cease commerce
Thank you and your family for your service - this Democrat respects and admires you!
Trump policies run correct way? Republican Party like George W Bush's policies-sub prime moage n 911. i need vacation till next President.
Why aren't you calling for a special counsel to investigate Mullard for giving Comey advice
Happy Father's Day!!
...Happy Fathers Day Sen McCain..
Congratulations. Enjoy your day.
remarkable family, may not agree w/u in politics, but admire the human beingcongrats!
Human being id a fukg COWARD
Bet your Father is doing flips in his grave at your  betrayals of America.go back to Hanoi where they love you,Bird,you aren't wanted here!
.....and that he was able to keep your ass in the usna when you were a fuc€k up!
Find other protector to me. i feels that. Not aid me, just purnish to did not aid me, Gov n companies. SKorea was n is not my side-i'm poor.
i support Trump, i isolate from all SKorean. i can't do anything. if my writing is true, i want stop support @realDonaldTrump n must find
For aid him...if he prevent my visit n try borrow money,i can't support him. i started for me n @HillaryClinton n her's. Maybe,she met him.
We 'd all be grateful for true leadership from you. Wrong is wrong. Be the hero you were. Trump/ pence must go. They are criminals .
One thing you didn't say is that they swore to protect and severed our country What happen to you . All you have done is went for rep t dem
U R a fukg RINO hasbeen. GO HOME SORE LOSER
Beautiful Family!! Happy Father's Day, Senator!!
"SONGBIRD"!
Need to look at the legacy u r leaving them with supporting Trump.
Your das was a great man! He came to meet with the SecDef with a cigar in his mouth. That is greatness!
I recall when I respected you more than anyone in government..I now vote blue..when you went bad I knew it was over for the GOP.
Why can't you put country before party and stop Trump and GOP from wrecking the country. Does Russia have blackmail material on GOP?
Senator, Happy Father's Day!
We are thankful for you, your heroism and the example you set!
Please replace ACA with a better solution to reduce premiums, increase choice& put health care control back in hands of doctors&patients.
You are the best .
Give it a rest. Give the guy a day to celebrate family. Tomorrow is another day.
Beautiful family! Happy Father's day!
Thank you for the incredible sacrifices and service you and your father have given to this country.
@MeghanMcCain God bless John McCain He won't remember but we met in en elevator at sky harbor. A gentleman who listen to me ramble smiling 
По старым фоткам вроде нормальный человек... А так дурак дураком !!!
I live in Tucson.  Wish I could meet you some time.
That s one fine looking family!!
Be a Good American, support the POTUS 100%. BUILD THE WALL, R & R, Pass a American First Budget. IF U ARE NOT 4 US THAN U R AGAINST US. MAGA
Pity you turned out to be a grubby traitor
Senator, you come from a long line of men of integrity. I trust your judgement. Do the right thing.
Thats a fukg joke
Why as a father can u not show respect & stop recruiters from forcing autistic kids 2 sign up then be raped n front of their unit.
Since you only got into the Naval Academy because you were a legacy and not on your own merits, yes, you should be thankful.
Looks like a young @tedcruz
Happy Father's Day Senator
Happy Father's day to you and your father and Grandfather! Have a great day! #HappyFathersDay
А Вы думаете его папа и дедушка до сих пор живы? Что курим ?
Huh? I said it just out of respect. I see you are Russian. Don't worry, we won't let McCaine get in the way of a Russia\America relationship
Is that @McCainJack in cargo pants? 
#AbuMccain
Nice looking family Senator. Happy Father's Day!
Remember .I served on the McCain (DDG-36).  Happy Father's Day
Have a great Father's day with your family
Happy Fathers day to you.
Remember what they fought for. They would have never agreed with you siding with a traitor.
Accusing another in such a way, and on such a day is to evoke what type of a response? Please temper your remarks and find a better day.
Happy Dad day to you
Thank you for your strength, integrity, and continued commitment. Happy Fathers Day.
they must be turning in their graves whatching u betray your country in those Senate meetings. You disappointed me. Retire!
As a remembrance to them, please get rid of the traitor in office. Would they approve of dump? Or with what you are doing to enable him?
for a day please set aside our differences and expectations in others
No
Your actions only reflect poorly on yourself and don't serve your cause. If you want change it will not be by evoking hatred, closing hearts
Happy Father's Day Senator McCain.
Beautiful family, Senator! Great memories . Have a great Fathers Day.
You are truly a wonderful daddy and a GREAT AMERICAN. 
HAPPY HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
Same to you Senator McCain!
Maybe for a day we could find a common thread to hold the majority of us together as a people. Please, just for a day rejoice in the good
Happy Fathers Day Sir 
you should after all you used his name to get medical help, and left 26 men behind to die in cages
Such a beautiful fam. 
Now you be a good father and retire with them.
Happy Father's Day Senator McCain! May you day be filled with love & smileys. 
*your day
