Same for a corrupted presidency wldnt you say? A storm is brewing, Sir. Hope you have an umbrella.
RUSSIA.
 Gawd #AZPol   Arizona Please Retire this vindictive senile  RINO #2018   (D) praise John bashing @POTUS  
#SandersKasich2020 a bipartisan ticket
Heading there next month.  Fund our National Parks!  Please
Can't wait until trump opens it to strip mining
who knew?
Let's not forget about Saguaro, Vermillion Cliffs, Ironwood, and Grand Canyon-Parashant National Monuments! Protect our public lands.
Fun Fact:The president colluded with Russia to undermine the election, fired the FBI director to hide it, and you're tweeting about tourism.
Maybe Trump will cause ecological disaster there too.
John, please... take a stand. You can lead us out of this mess.
https://twitter.com/RubyCodpiece/status/863754069453746176 …
I need you to recall those years you spent in the Hanoi Hilton.  I need you to find that guy and take him to confront your peers and Donald.
Well then, will keep the lunatic #shitgibbon in the WH from selling it off please?
How many wars did you start Today JOHNNY?
We see a Park- lobbyists see public lands they can exploit, ruin and leave the public to clean the toxic remains
Superfund site funding cuts
Are you planning to bomb it?
This thread made my day.
Greatest place I have ever visited. Cant wait to come back.
Fun fact:

We need an independent special prosecutor for trump/russia NOW.

FUN FACT:  you SENATOR john McCain chose PARTY over COUNTRY a direct violation of your oath.
If you feel that way, you do not know him. Research his military history. Listen to any of his campaign speeches. I believe he does love us
He's a national treasure. Its time for hime to spend some of that political clout and protect the nation he sacrificed for
Do you know what else is vast?  Patriotism and McCain.  How's it going with pushing the globalist (Soros) agenda these days McCain? RINO
I really hope your wife doesn't take the WH Job, personally I barely trust you but I'm trying, this will be really confusing if she takes it
your are tweeting travelogues as our country is in the midst of a crises? You can do so much more.#TrumpRussia #ComeyFiring
Fun fact: John McCain jumped on the Trump train. Because your wife was offered a job? Not much of a maverick are you?
NO TO REAUTHORIZATION OF VISA 702. Intel CIA,NSA,FBI incompetent in protecting US Citizens &allowed OBAMA &his Adm to do nefarious spying
Fun fact: Women AND MEN need agency over our bodies and our reproductive & medical choices.
I hoped you would be a patriot and put country over party. Waiting for you to stand up to the unwell man in WH  Democracy at stake.
#FunFact you  John #McCain should retire  #nttw17  #maga
FunFact because of your party, the Grand Canton is. Ow located in the United States of Russia!
Fun Fact: Republican needs to take charge and actually do something about the craps that going on in the White House
@rickreichmuth  Bet I know where You're headed!?!?  
One of my FAVORITE Places!!!
You do a great job promoting your state!!  hint hint rest of @GOP.  @GOPChairwoman
I wonder how much they will get to sell the naming rights  government is getting more corrupt with each Trump day  the world wonders wtf
Fun Fact:  we are waiting for you to step up and represent us. Country before party!
Please don't let Trump drill in it or otherwise ruin it.  Thank you.
Please stay strong in investigating Trump.  Thank you.
Please insist on independent investigation trump Russia our democracy is at stake this guy is corrupt and a traitor and we know it!
So petty. Your presidential run was a joke as are you. Sad you'll end your career this way. Grow up little man.
FUN FACT: John and the republican party is opening up #GrandCanyon to mining. On top of that he is complicit in #TrumpRussia
climate change is real. Renewables are the future. This is all of ours. Do no harm sir
We the people see a need for a independent investigation special prosecutor
We know, Grand Canyon is wonderful. For the love of God, stand up to Trump!
Comey respected? Seriously John, you must get on social media more often and READ----All crooked treasonous as the CLINTONS
#FunFact McCain had dinner w/ Trump, his wife Cindy is being considered for State Dept. job & now his timeline is all scenic postcards
I hope you will do the right thing in making sure the right person is hired as the FBI director. Someone in the GOP needs to step up
The GOP seems hellbent on destroying everything beautiful. Prove me wrong Senator.
Here's a tweet u can send out to the Sheep. The GOP like Ted Roosevelt is all about protecting our Nat'l Parks, so we can Hunt! Let's Drill!
Protect our national parks, our environment our earth. Or go find another planet to live on and take your GOP friends with you STAT.
Yes, it's truly beautiful. Gods gift to America. But how will it look when trump starts drilling there?  Get rid of that lunatic.
FUN FACT:
Trump has well knownbties to Russian mob and you know it.
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp Check this out John
is a profile in cowardice not courage. questions only on unmasking and leaks make you look complicit in #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
But not deep enough to bury the guilt,  if Trump is not fully investigated
I find it hard to believe you are tweeting anything about @NatlParkService while your party destroys them.  #Outoftouch
President tramp plans to sub-dived the canyon for his next real estate venture
IMPEACH Trump.
Et tu, Brute?
so what are you going to do to save this from your boss???
And the @GOP corruption that deep -so #Sessions, after his recusal on March2nd now appoints #FBI Director!  Greets from Germany #democracy
Fun Fact: Your wife is bring sworn in by president Trump as a government official so your indeed bought & paid for too?  @SenJohnMcCain
time for all Americans including the inept Republicans to choose democracy & the law & the Constitution over this orange faced presidunce
Fun fact...150 congressmen and senators are pedophiles...
Is this how you want history to remember you? Where is the American hero defending our country? You took an oath Does it mean nothing?
You're all talk McCain sign the bill for a special prosecutor. Trump is a domestic enemy set on tyranny and propaganda.
i need political n finacial protection from someone. Who are aid me?
Who are Trump's spin doctor?
Thx 4 methane vote! BUT don't lose focus on #TrumpRussia!
Microclimates R great & very sensitive. RU *for* the protections of the #EPA? Also, who on your team is in charge of impeaching The Donald?
(2) would sell out our public lands for profit?  Arizona is a national treasure;  don't sell us out.  Investigate trump/russion collusion
Please Sen McCain. You are an american hero.  how can you support a Russian supported regime in our white house?  And a president who (2)
Really? Fun Facts? Is this what you have to say?
Standing up to Trump is your finest hour in service to America since your service in Vietnam
Yet, it can not hold all of Trumps lied
All due respect; you can get your tax cuts/AHCA/etc with a President Pence, and still save our democracy. IMPEACH.
how about making Comey the special prosecutor
Please not Cornyn for FBI. Based on Senate hearings etc, 100% concern re leaks/unmasking, 0% re cover up of ties to foreign adversary.
Tell us what you plan to DO about DT interference in the Trump/Russia investigation.  When will it be enough to take action!
I have not always agreed with u but I've always respected u for your integrity. Pls do what is necessary to protect us and the constitution.
Same thing over the Ohio river
They don't care because they are using him to get their dirty work done but when is it COUNTRY 1st? THIS IS DISGRACEFUL & NOT AMERICAN!!!
Please continue to speak up and country 1st Not Party!!!!!!!!!
Come one John. Enough of the ads for AZ and impeach Trump. This is the most important thing you have to do in your life. #impeachTrumpnow
fun fact: our democracy will only survive if principled @GOP stand up to @realDonaldTrump
Will you stand to control Trump; can GOP be patriot to defend constitution? Or can Trump destroy our democracy. Is there anyone of courage?
A beautiful national treasure. Worth the trip. Can't fully appreciate its majesty without visiting in person.
Sounds like the GOP!
Their complacency on Trump's impeachable offenses is so vast their collusion is endless!
Heading there next weekend for a Members Weekend.  Looking forward to it
Better to have gone down with the Titanic than to be run over by the trump train.  Trump when are you going to stand up for AMERICAN VALUES!
Save our National Lands from Trump & his cronies.  No drilling, coal, etc. as well on National Lands.  Thanks 4 your work on this.
This post of MC proves he has nothing on the ball but wasting time and money.
This is what you tweet about? While @POTUS betrays the constitution? @realDonaldTrump was right. You are no hero. #coward
Fun fact: you and your GOP buddies are all complicit in this traitorous mess. Want to make the history books in a good way or bad?
Been here and hiked into Grand Canyon in the 1950's. Not what it used to be though
Fun Fact:  Do not try to distract from the disaster that is ongoing.  Trump.  Russia.  Investigate.  NOW.
Please don't use scientific discoveries in your discourse- your party infamously disputes #science at every turn
until @realDonaldTrump opens up parks to corporations
Independent Commission - Be the Hero we need now - follow up your words with ACTION.  Country over Party.
No uranium mining in the canyon.
Fun fact: you're an asshat with no principles! Letting @realDonaldTrump  destroy our country and doing nothing about it!
and we should never allow it for mining or drilling. #ImpeachTrump
DO SOMETHING!! We need an INDEPENDENT special prosecutor. If you needed one for a blow job, you certainly need one now.
#Trumprussia
I have another fun fact. Our president is mentally unstable. Forget the politics for a moment--eventually he's going to do permanent damage.
Fun recommendation: U & @SenSchumer should both stand on the rim of the Grand Canyon & cry fake tears together b/c well its what you do now.
Fun fact: GOP including @SenJohnMcCain needs to find the courage to step up and defy DJT and deflect his insanity. So apparent! Scary
Sorry not in the mood for fun facts today, sir. Where is your loyalty after all these years, your party or your country?
Beautiful, isn't it?  Until the EPA allowing drilling and fracking & other crap.
It's almost as vast as Trump's lies and the GOP conspiracy to keep him in power at all costs.
It's time to start the articles of #impeachment. Otherwise this atrocity of a President will be your legacy.
does Vietnam mean anything to you  Russia supporter McCain
make sure you visit the Trump tower on the west end of the grand canyon easy to will be blocking the beautiful sunset TY for visiting AZ
Fun Fact: you're letting Trump burn this country to the ground. When will you DO something to stop this atrocity??? We hoped u were better
@POTUS Fun fact: potus' empty head is so vast, sudden mood changes can create unintelligible tweets!! Investigate and impeach!!
Your boss works so fast we can't expect the truth from his subordinates. Can we expect the truth from u NO BALLS but at least truth please
Fun fact! This is expected of crooked mcconnel.... surprised that you're in on the scam too. U wanted 2 be Prez?
Russians Are Back In The Whitehouse. 
LEAD!! Rally your party to initiate an independent investigation on Trump/Russia!! LEAD! Remember the American citizens!
Swamp is so deep it is full of lying stealing and cheating with little concern for Americans
I am a vet.  I served because i love my country.  How can you support anything President Cheeto does?  When did you stop loving your country
Come on, please cut Trump a break..
So when are you going to let Agent Orange take the GC for mining or oil exploration?
Time to find a way to investigate investigate independently of fear, of accusations. #TruthtrumpsTrump.
The time is shy midnight, if you choose otherwise, you choose the wrong side of history. I live in a blue state, we need GOP help. 1 United
America wants someone like you, like Graham to, Sass, to take an actual stand for the sake of all. Patriotism is bipartisan. United We Stand
John, now is the time for you to once again stand up for the country you love. Now is the time for patriots of all sides to protect. #stand
You care about nature?  So what are you doing to protect monuments and national parks against Pruitt and the EPA climate deniers?
Fun fact. You will go down in history as a traitor unless you stand up and investigate #TrumpRussianInvestigation
Sounds like Mt Denali but the opposite direction!
I wanted to do a Fun Fact too but others have it covered so I'll just say Mr. McCain  do your fucking job and protect our country from 45.
FOR GOD SAKE,what does it take for you and your colleagues to ACT. Are you all truly this BLIND? This is beyond insanity now! TAPES, OMG
WATERGATE
Would have counted on you as the patriot today. Disappointing.
Fun Fact:
Trump wants to drill in this National Park?
Oil rigs could be in this view better see it before it is changed!
HELP US BY SAYING THE TRUTH
Meanwhile the country is collapsing under the weight of a constitutional crisis, but hey!  Look, at the pretty pic. Fun fact: we're hosed
Here's a Fun Fact: 45 is destroying our country. Be a patriot and put country over party. Be a patriot!!?
Hi Mr McCain, the US is extremely worried about the state of our government right now!  What are the GOP doing? Please, stop this mad man
How much are drilling rights to our national parks going for these days and what's your cut?
Know what else changes weather patterns? Global warming! Its not a Chinese conspiracy after all! To have a president from @GOP u sold US out
@SenJohnMcCain let me know when it's no longer a Nat'l Park.  I'll sigh and mumble to myself....just like I'm doing now.
You said there needs to be action taken on the comey firing and then don't do anything. Nice work.
So let me ask you McCain "what does the president need to do for you to show urgency if corruption is not enough?"
&
Fun Fact: The Grand Canyon will be adding new RED rock installations in honor of our new rulers. #mccainfunfact
Fun Fact: trump admitted to obstruction of justice, & openly threatened a private citizen on twitter today. Now is the time to be a maverick
Fun Fact: We need an independent investigation into #TrumpRussiaCollusion and the conflicts of interest in the Trump WH.
Fun Fact... the corruption in the Republican party is so vast that in 2018 there may not be much of a republican party left!
Fun fact- your job demands you impeach Trump
WTF Here's a fun fact your ILLEGITIMATE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE. WHERE IS UR OUTRAGE! @GOP is aiding in this travesty
I love Arizona! What is your favorite part?
Fun Fact: you're getting dragged and I'm LMAO!
Special Prosecutor Senator. You are complicit in treason if you sit on the sidelines and he is guilty.
You impeached Clinton for lieing  about sex. Trump lies about everything. When will U stand up for USA and start impeachment?
Where in no mood for fun facts. You took an oath to protect the Constitution. Party of patriots? No better time to be one!
Is this the most important thing to tweet about today?  Have you been recorded in DTs office?
impeach Trump!!
We need the EPA to protect these places and more. Please fight for the environment!!
Any tweet on any subject other than #trumprussia is pointless
This is tourism:
Spend time, spend money
but
Go back just name in the coffin!?
In memorium of Al Maidah 51

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eat_Pray_Love …
