you SUCK - stop underming @POTUS - Obamacare has DESTROYED my healthcare - not that you care - Confirm Gorsuch NOW
you mention foreign dignitaries Trump  just turned his back on Taiwan what about that?
you and @NancyPelosi and @SenSchumer all need to GO - we support @POTUS - stop undermining him
speaking of social media .... why are you in this list? Please explain why our privacy is worth you selling it.
No confirmation until Trump & cronies are investigated. I have faith that you are a principled man; do the right thing!
John McCain a principled man? R U kidding me? He is a corrupt globalist snake with no conscience whatsoever
You had better vote for GORSUCH OR YOU R FINISHED AS A SENATOR! I don't trust you! You've been in bed with FAKE NEWS AND DEMOCRATS
We don't share your views on Gorsuch but agree with your views on foreign policy. They are invaluable. Thank you.
Our country needs @SenJohnMcCain, the hero. Please stop the Trump agenda, esp. the SCOTUS appt. until the treason issue is resolved.
hero? He is a songbird traitor, your hero McCain! He is one of the most corrupt government official!

World military might is greater than ever but,  ability to control the politically awakened masses is  at a historic low.
Vote to confirm Judge Gorsuch. Gorsuch will be the constitutional originalist that his record indicates.
Czech go home,!
In retrospect ...
Hmm damn it, thanks everyone, stole my glory :)  you all took the words out of my mouth......... #MAGA
merrick garland never got a chance. I think both men get a hearing and let the one who presents best win. It's about people
How many times do Democrats need to hear it? Obama could not pick a SCOTUS in his last year in office!
Stick your global alliances where the sun don't shine!! Worry about this country!!
pull your head out of your ass George we can't make it without Global alliances .
Ugh. Your resistance to Trump heartens me; your support of Gorsuch makes me ill. Unfollowing.
y would a transition team member even have to talk to Russia or Russian agent ?? It's explained all very normal -- really ???
You should resign!
I wonder why you're known as the songbird....from your days as a pow, or the bogus Russian dossier, or the leaks of classified information?
Merrick Garland
Gorsuch is an ideologue. He is owned by dark money.
When is the next town hall?
Gorsuch is a disgrace like everything else the GOP has come to stand for. What a surprise. Do you even know who you work for?
Y R U STILL IN OFFICE? U TRAITOR 2 OUR PRESIDENT???!!!
your a Traitor! I hope they try you for treason!
are you confirming Gorsuch or not. You better, if you are a good American.
Nobody cares
dígales porque le pidió donaciones al Embajador Ruso para su campaña del 2008
Excellent perspectives. However, would have loved to hear you answer, "HOW is Trump doing as President thus far?"
Has anyone asked if he has Russian ties, offshore accounts, tax returns?
I love u, but to be fair to the American People-Halt the Scotus pick until after the Russian ties investigation concludes!
Anything Trump does, we can undo but this is something we cannot undo. Pls think for the People. 
We have a very capable SecState.  You are not him. #fuckingtraitor
you woulda lost if it wasn't for #Trump 
Site some RESPECT
u know what I talking bout
I've heard you are the "SONG BIRD" trying to damage Trump! You are going to get caught!
Can you please discuss Devin Nunes and how he is obstructing justice? Isn't that a crime?
Would not watch even if compensated. Nothing u say is of any importance.
I knew it! You are a  globalist aren't you?
It scares me how much you have changed....no loyalty to America any more.  How pathetic you have becme. No longer a hero.
Question #1: What are you doing in Brussels when you are not SOS. #2. Why are you a globalist traitor #3When stop being RINO
judge votes for big business and not the people! Some appealing decisions! Other Supreme Court judges don't believe him!
appalling not appealing!
How can YOU vote yes to have our online privacy taken away???? Very disappointed! What is the reason? invasion on AZ and USA
Waste case McCain is a traitor.
Fake war hero: Songbird John McCain’s ‘Tokyo Rose’ recording  http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/03/25/fake-war-hero-john-mccains-tokyo-rose-recording/ …
No lifetime appt to SCOTUS till appointer is not under investigation for treason. Stand up, Sen. You didn't suffer for this.
who cares #angry conservative #go away #draintheswamp
pretty sure you didn't hear us!! We said NO to New World Order!! Nationalism! Take care of our own FIRST!
why did you vote for our broadband privacy rights to not be protected?
@POTUS a traitor should not select our Supreme Court justice.
like 2 and 3 very much also agree on global trade.  We need to lead not leave a gap
You are a traitor ...who cares what you have to say!
we should not vote on a nominee while #POTUS investigation is unresolved. #Independent investigation first! #cronyism
tables are turning! Obamas shadow government going to come to light! He's about to go down
shame on you. This hearing should have been postponed with Trump and team under FBI investigation.
NO JOHN..WE DON'T WANT YOUR GLOBAL ALLIANCES. NWO ISN'T WHAT WE THE PEOPLE HAVE IN MIND.  IN THE END; WE WIN JOHN, JESUS WINS
Global Alliances w #GeorgeSoros NGOs? Guess what JM, Soros sick seditious color revolutions.. exposed! Soros is anti-American
We don't want to hear or know your thoughts of jib jab! Do your damn job or get waterboarded out of your job quickly!
so to me this proves you are for one world order. Your the commy.
Did you know there are more progressives cheering for you than conservatives? Time to resign your seat.
Who cares what you think. I think you're a traitor.
@JeffFlake The impression Neil Gorsuch left me with is he's a corporate crony, lies thru omission, & likes his fascism.
Gorsuch is unworthy of #SCOTUS. The seat belongs to #MerrickGarland who is fair, moderate, & far more trustworthy!
Bahahahaha cry baby liberals
I really like you. Your good Az and American.
We are not interested in your one world order!
Are a soldier only when you agree with 30 states?
how about discussing how fucked up your party and your POTUS has gotten this country!
#GOPOOP
you need resign your are senile old fool!!
I love this man! 
I can no longer bear the thought of you representing the ppl of AZ or this country. I'm begging, PLEASE RETIRE NOW!!!
Hey Senator, why don't you discuss retiring? You are a RINO!
Town hall !!!! Hold one
Beautiful. :)
Approve him!!!
McCain you are a good man and I know in your heart of hearts that Garland is what would unite the country
Bahahahaha
You are irrelevant McCain. Nobody, not even we conservatives, cares to hear you discuss anything
.what the hell do you think you know about social media? what your interns told you? #RETIRE
Yes..they are...
https://www.google.ca/search?q=mccain+is+the+leaker …
oppose #JudgeGorsuch confirm #MerrickGarland
Seems like the only politician to put country over party.
A real embarrassment to us.  Like SJ is setting global alliances.
there you go, Globalist puppet!!!
Appreciate ur Three questions! Great idea,look forward to next one.Thanks Sen, for your leadership over the years.
How I wish U where the president right now...always liked you!
gorsuch is pro corp. AND he's nominated by a prez UNDER investigation. U should've given Merrick a hearing. #stolenseat
Can Merrick be renominated? Please, please, do. Hold more hearings and get it right. #VoteNoGorsuch
GOOD AFTERNOON GRANDPA
You have made it obvious you are just grabbing your ankles for your big donors & doing a disservice to Citizens.
why don't you discuss on when you're taking you're Liberal ass and quitting Congress.
NO on lifetime confirmation until @POTUS investigation is completed
Why would you vote for anyone for the Supreme Court  who was nominated by anyone who is under investigation for treason???
Put Gorsuch on hold until White House, @DevinNunes, @SpeakerRyan investigations over. Need independent commission NOW.
l am incredibly sorry.  I think you caved.  And l think you will on ACA.  You are doing us a disservice.  Your talk is cheap.
Please urge @DevinNunes & @SpeakerRyan to recuse themselves from Intelligence investigation of White House. We need yr help!!
Your Option of an honorable man is without Merritt as you do not have honor with in your mind or heart. True lover of self!
let's not forget he is under investigation
No.
Senator, doesn't this seat rightly belong to Judge Garland?
Thanks for trying to salvage our our alliances. I disagree with you on most policy issues, but politics stops at the border.
I think the country should see what is coming out of the White House. The country has a right to know what is going.
Yeh- I have one question- when are u retiring u fart
It shall come to pass that your many sins include pizza gate. How do you sleep at night knowing the real you, Unmask Traitor.
INVESTIGATE AND IMPEACH.
You're over the hill. Go away
Oh snap. McCain for president 2020.
he already ran and lost
We the people know you are a #Neoconglobalist!We reject that view,and you and your #ILK#HACKS
NO. Investigate administration. The rest will wait.
This man repeatedly sides with big business and should not be confirmed. But I wonder if your donors agree?
You are traitor to the United States of America and the US Armed Services, MAY YOU REST ETERNAL IN THE PUNISHMENT OF GOD.
I will certainly make Note; Sen. John McCain
Global is a taboo word to some these days.
you just voted to sell American online privacy for corporate profits. Sad.
you know what McCain nobody cares what you think
I guess you're tough on Russia except when they give you a Supreme Court justice!

