How about you McCain go to the Mayo clinic with obamacare and see how fast they show you the door. You like why don't you have it!!!
Mayo Clinic accepts ACA health insurance.  3 amazing friends are alive today because of it!
Yes. My brother is treated at the Mayo for leukemia. ObamaCare saves his life every day
Thank goodness!  Prayers for your brother and family!  
Thanks. This horrible HealthCare bill was personal. ObamaCare needs fixed-not thrown out. Hopefully some bipartisan efforts will prevail
u lied to us for YEARS playing political games promised to repeal obama care!  LIER FRAUD
'LIER' is not a word
glad you feel better
I feel good b/c MILLIONS of my countrymen get to keep their healthcare, and now the only choice is to improve the ACA for those who need it.
they don't have health care!  Most of us can't afford to even pay for it much lwss use it!
nah, it's not 'most of us', 'Most of us' will benefit from this. Those who don't, call your senators to work with Dems. Only way forward
Thank you, Senator McCain. May you heal quickly. Thank you for your service.
Glad he has good healthcare. He sure doesn't want us to have a plan like his.
Thank you Senator. God Bless you.
Hypocritical statement coming from a guy who voted against skinny repeal b/c DID NOT TRUST @SpeakerRyan and LIED TO VOTERS on campaign trail
I know you are ill and I hope you can recover, but you are also one of the worst Senator's in congress for playing political games.
Surely you jest ! Have you learned nothing the past 8 years??????
Thank you Senator. #CountryOverParty
Sorry for your cancer and sincerely hope you triumph once again, but I am sorrier for your vote. You let us down, sir, in so many ways.
Good job, Sen. McCain. Both parties need to come together and make the healthcare bill better. I admire you so much. You are a good man.
Thank you!
yes- thank you for grandstanding, for being disloyal and lying to your fellow senators, not to mention true conservative voters. SHAMEFUL
True conservative senators would have done the same thing.  Aren't they the party of Christians?  Jesus wouldn't heal the sick?  Wrong.
Dems will never work with Trump on anything. You made a poor decision
Love you McCain ...U are a Maverick and God bless you
And I hope you can do something , kind of late for the middle class , who is probably the most affected group.
I believe with you in the lead you can get this done for the American people. Thank you for fighting for all of us!
From your lips to God's ears
Congrats Traitor McCain for fucking the hardworking Middle class again.
You put yourself before citizens and party when you turned your back on those who reelected you on promise to repeal, THANKS FOR NOTHING!
After vowing to kick 20+ million off of health care I doubt republicans want to fix ACA
And that's the real problem, trump,hates President Obama so much he would rather let people suffer than actually try to fix the ACA
Why didn't Obama & Dems fix it when they saw it was failing?  Republicans had nothing to do with ACA. They past it on their own...
It was always meant to be a work in progress. #SaveACA #FixACA
It was a work in progress, until Republicans blocked every attempt to fix it. They own it now
Bless you for being strong and honest!  @realDonaldTrump is disaster for our country.
You sure didn't put the People first. George controlled you. People see you failed them .
It takes a true leader to do that. You are out hero
Thank you for your leadership
Thank you Sen. McCain for your common sense and decency.   Wishing you the best in your upcoming fight.
Actions speak louder than words mr McCain. You lied to us.
Write us a great healthcare bill.
???
You broke your MAJOR campaign promise to your voters. I, for one, am not the least bit surprised.
I don't always agree with u but if I'd expect anyone to put country over politics it would be u good sir. TY for your great service
I guess now a days, you get called a hero, for being a baseline human being.
You are a joke and traitor to your party. #SwitchParties #GoHomeRINO #Resign
Go to he11
good job Senator thanks for putting the people first!
Anyone praising John McCain for voting no on repealing Obamacare must have been dropped on their head as a child 
The bill was trash and you know it

It's almost like the Americans didn't know that you met in secret the night Barack Obama was inaugurated in decided to block everything 
As a self employed AZ res OCare does not work for me but I fought for it. Thank you Senator for doing the right thing.... Now let's fix it
Thank you as well for fighting for others at the expense of yourself. We need so many more people like you.
If we all just help one another...what a beautiful world it would be...
Sounds like a fairytale
Sounds like an excuse to be part of the problem rather than part of the solution.
Well Courtney with 3 kids in college , high property taxes, high taxes for this & that, I'm kinda tapped out. I can share my bills?
We are all tapped out. I assure you, we are all (outside the 1%) struggling right now. I would rather try to support one another than turn
Against one another. If you are financially struggling right now, you also deserve support & help. We all do.
Hero
Wrong
People will critize no matter what & some rightfully so. But wish u good health and thank you for voting no. Saving lives is what matters.
ACA is also destroying lives. can't afford the insurance which has crazy deductibles. You are a disappointment!
Yes the millions who finally have insurance. Kids , disabled, veterans, senior citizens who benefitted from Medicaid expansion. Destroying?
And then, when the middle class is gone, you have the rich & the poor. You don't think the rich are paying do you?
U r a political traitor

RESIGN!!!
Vote that we get same healthcare as you guy or you guys get same healthcare as everyone else! SImple!
You are the king of playing political games!Yes you are a maverick, a maverick that needs to be put out to pasture!#AZWHATWEREYOUTHINKING
Thank you, Senator McCain, for putting the welfare of people above ideology and party. Proud to have you representing us.
You didn't put Americans "health needs"on your mind when you voted AGAINST our needs. You betrayed our interests&well being.
Thank you for your powerful, gutsy vote for the health of the American people.
Salute!
We agree. Can you have a discussion with @JeffFlake as to why you honored AZ Gov's needs for HC, but he didn't.His yes vote-target for 2018!
99% of people on Medicate should get jobs.Why people think they are the same. People (me) work hard and paid. For Medicare. Not Medicade
You know what's going on in Trump's DC. This could be your greatest Legacy. Shine a light of truth on Trump
thank you, Senator, for putting your constituents and your country over partisanship!
Famous last words of John McCain"Elections have consequences" Obama Care is a joke and a waste of tax payers money
we owe you a great honor for following your moral compass. Thank you for being a leader when this country is in major crisis. Bravo Zulu sir
Was he following his "moral compass" when he broke one of his main campaign promises?
I'm in awe of you and admire your confidence to do what is right and decent. A true leader. A hero. A role model.
You would choose a bald faced liar as a role model?
Health needs of people first?  Govt will put govt needs first. Health care needs to be privatized Senator.
This from this American life. Speak for yourself !
Thank you for your service. Thank you for your vote against health care repeal. God speed.
Thank you for your vote.
You are a true hero. Thank you for protecting the American people. We need more politicians that act with your integrity. Truly!!!
Unfortunately the financial burden of healthcare for everyone has been placed on the backs of hard working Americans.  Just ask ppl of Ariz.
proud of u, u did what you had to do tonight
Thank you, John McCain.  You are, and always have been, a Hero and a patriot who cares for  Americans.  Lifting up prayers for your health.
You showed/reminded people what a Republican (or a Dem) really is, or should be. A Republican (or a Dem),support party BUT be a PATRIOT 1st.
Senator,Thank you for doing right.  Most of your colleagues, & the President, are imploding & look like fools.
IF U BELIEVE U CAN TRUST DEMS 2 HELP Repub UR WRONG. WE TRUSTED U But U SHOWED US U R JUST ANOTHER LYING POLITICIAN LOOKING OUT 4 themselves
Thank you for once again protecting America.
Hey John ----  how about you pull the plank from your eye before you try to get the speck out of the eyes of others?   You failed the people
We the people of the America urge u, John "the zero"McCain, 2 give up ur subsidies GIVEN to you for ACA and live under the same ins. we do.
You claim to be bipartisan yet only dems are thanking you.There aren't many other republicans getting soros money.Grow balls switch parties
I pray you get well soon. But you let millions of Americans down by allowing Obamacare to continue
Thank You for service to end The Repeal. I now breathe a sigh of relief
Oh pls You're just bitter and annoying-poke Trump at the cost of the American people--do us a favor-retire! You should have already
Thank you from Oregon. Please consider that citizens should enjoy the same health care benefits that Senators and Representatives enjoy.
Traitor.
I love to see people get what they deserve and you are certainly getting yours. What a legacy you POS.
Bed time. Grab your sippy cup and your WW2 pj's and get in your Star Wars bunk bed
welcome back pre-2002 Senator John McCain. Your country has missed you. Hope you stay around for a while.
You ran on a platform of getting rid of ObamaCare but then when it came time to vote you showed to the people of Arizona you lied to them.
Senator McCain, a million THANKS!!! I will be praying for Our Lord's HEALING POWER over your body. GOD BLESS YOU!

Thank you!   We lost everything when my wife fell ill.  ObamaCare gave us a lifeline. Please improve the law not destroy.  Thank you again.
Just wow
Thank you for your commitment to a bipartisan solution. We all need healthcare.
Thank you.  You are a great man.  Americans health over party.
Thank you Senator McCain for your patriotism, your integrity and your commitment to our citizens, especially us Arizonans
You sir are a great American!!! Thank you and I'll be praying for you
Thank you for standing up for us the people
just get Washington out of the way. We, the people, have this. #repealobamacare
American deserves to have the same opportunities for healthcare.  What's wrong with that?
You're a traitor & a failure. I'm with @realDonaldTrump, I like my war heros not captured. Go home old ass
Your legacy is losing to Obama and voting against repealing Obamacare which you campaigned on repealing liar, btw how's your brain cancer?
Will he say well done thy good and faithful servant, or depart from me I never knew u? He stands at the door and knocks. Whats it gonna be?
Support term limits for senators.  Many of you have been there to long.
You sold them out by voting w/ the Democrats!
you should be blacklisted... along with the rest of the Republicans who are stonewalling Our President...
Your health care needs to be taken away so you would know how Americans feel we need a special election to move you out of office
Obama care in Arizona went up by 116% in 2017 and going up again in 2018 while your healthcare is covered
And you are supposed to be born again Christian
You would think someone who needs Healthcare as yourself would have REPEALED OBAMACARE ! Liar....put yourself in my family's shoe's liar
We will never trust you again! Your hatred for Trump was obvious! You let us down. You are jealous because you lost!t Trump won get over it!
HOW IS OSAMACARE WORKING FOR YOU RHINO????? @SenJohnMcCain
Health needs???? Like sending American citizens overseas to die in foreign wars to deepen your pockets. Like those health needs??
Idiot
Why don't #senators have #ACA insurance if it's so great?  Why don't the democrats and the GOP and do their jobs...for the people?
Who's playing games @SenJohnMcCain  your a hero right hmmmmm you lie to your constituents you lie to america then grand stand your vote nice
Who will listen to real infrastructure needs for healthcare? Cancer patient-senators perhaps? CUT Middlemen redtape to cut unnecessary costs
Work with the Democrats. Slim the grease .
Right now, American healthcare rewards redundancy & inefficiencies, when it should be doing the opposite.
It is possible to reform these problems instead of cutting access.
Thank you, Senator. 
Either get rid of every vestige of Obamacare, or create law that gives everyone the same as Congress gets. Thats the only way to fix it.
As a mother, cancer survivor, and someone who lost her mother to glioblastoma: THANK YOU
Thank for voting for the American people last night.  Your legacy remains intact, and you are indeed a Profile in Courage.
Oh Johnny-boy..you'll do whatever the ins lobby tells you to do like subsidizing them even further.

So quit lying.
You play political games! Because of you, we are stuck w/O'care. You could have abolished Obama's gov. take-over of healthcare. Socialism!
Well played sir!! Most do not have a clue at your brilliant move!! First vote out of committee then "the vote".

Govt is 1/2 health insurance market with Medicare, Medicaid & VA. Reason health insurance market is not functioning like a normal market.

Bravo Senator McCain for having the courage make the right decision for people and not party.
The cancerous McCain did not and will not participate in the same health care that they are trying to sell to the American people.
Thanks Liberal McCain
u are the game player
How about bringing back the free market? Instead of the government governing what healthcare you can have
ACA is the single largest tax increase on the middle class in the history of the United States Senator you need to retire you're worthless
Thank you John McCain for having the courage and compassion to vote no! Let's pray both parties can get it together for US!
You are nothing more than a liar and a Traitor
Thank you for being a strong man Senator McCain. I have admired you for many years. 
Sir, you are an inspiration. 
Peace and love.
If they wanted to put the healthcare needs 1st they wouldn't have passed a law 8 years ago that destroyed choice & increased cost.
Where do you get that? Ocare insured more people than ever in history of US.
On November 7, 2013, President Obama issued an apology to those who lost their health insurance due to Obamacare regulations.
WHY DONT YOU HAVE OBAMACARE IF IT'S SO GOOD LYING RHINO @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you for caring about all of Americans!
Traitor fake republican! It's ok you won't be around for long!
Yes, We Can!! #WeThePeople
Well Obamacare was a huge mistake from day 1.  What a mess this has made for America.
You play games. You are no hero.
Is there a more basic health need than the ability to live? Turn your back on the genocide committed by PPH. Our maker holds all accountable
Senator McCain drop the mic on Trump, d Republican, d confederacy, d nazi party, NRA, d tea party, and Trump's deplorable.
You failed the American people. You're a spinless jellyfish. Hope you're insured through Obamacare!
You are my hero. So are #LisaMurkowski  and #SusanCollins . Thank you for standing up for the American people.
Except trump, don't trust trump.
Hey Senator you should think about doing right for the American people instead of getting even with the http://President.Support  the other 49
John McCain you are a traitor!
You and other dems are trying to make America mediocre again voting to keep Obamacare
can you please include #Impeach45Now in that before things get even worse. Our country is in peril!
Thank you John.
I feel you caving...
Right now, you've  betrayed yourself and your constituents.  Maybe something better will come it. ACA needs fixing or thrown out.
You made the right decision Senator McCain, thank you kind sir.
@SenJohnMcCain = hypocrite
thank you for voting for what you believe is for the greater good and is right.
Thank you senator
Really? Because as a working class American going bankrupt under Obamacare you screwed us. Cross the isle already, you are a democrat!
End the illegal Obamacare exemption for Congress
In a polarized political environment it is very difficult to cross party lines. Thank you Sen. McCain for putting country over party.
#ProblemSolversCaucus
Thank you Mr. McCain
@DrPascalMeier Wow. More Knowledge to Learn  @realDonaldTrump @VP @GregAbbott_TX @tedcruz
Thank you Mr. McCain for voting people over party and politics. Wishing you and your family the absolute best of health. Stay strong.
Senator, What are the plans now for healthcare, and what about those that aren't covered now? It's a mess that needs fixing
Thank you Senator for #ProtectOurCare
You are a true American Hero! You put the needs of our country and citizens above that of a political party #Respect #NoHealthCareRepeal
You put the needs of your citizens first.  Bravo sir!  #fighter
What a joke
You should had put America first you should be ashamed of yourself. I hope you never get re-elected..You need to see if the democrats will
Thank you Senator for your vote. You put country before party. Wishing you all the best!
Why won't you repeal ACA like you promised? You became a liar and it's very sad to see.
Pls switch parties already...for God's sake man!
I wud like to apologize for a prev comment Regard your vote to proceed. W/o takin reconciliation into acct, I now understand
You are an American Hero, so many ways, so many times. Best wishes always.
Thanks again. Get better soon!
Thank you. 
