How are you still a member of this broken party??
Our lives are at risk with repeal of ACA...Trumpcare is horrendous
You're in the majority...stop complaining and get your act together and stop fighting your own party. Ridiculous.
Evil - thank you for speaking up.
Oops! Military just got a further $26 Billion on top of the previous budget - guess what? You were Wrong!!
How about doing an audit to see how many billions have been wasted by the Pentagon without any accountability.
Nepotism in American: McCain's wife may obtain a key position in the US state Department. https://twitter.com/i/web/status/860338319208722432 …
Gee...your party controls the House and Senate, and you are a very Senior Leader of that party.  So you Sir are THEY. Pathetic!!
Did you read the AHCA? I was not aware "Draining the Swamp" involved the  elimination of the elderly and genetically undesirables. VOTE NO!
We spend too much money on military.  More than the next 10 countries combined.  We need to spend more on healthcare and education.
More than 3 times China's Military budget.
Maybe don't bomb the F--k out of 7 countries at a time!
"War on Terror": never-ending BY DESIGN.
You mean the Dems failure. Takes 8 Dem votes to pass bills(They won't ever do it . Waive fili rule & pass the bills separately with 51 votes
m en fout congrès connait pas
You are a broken record! Support DONALD Trump and Pence wholeheartedly!!!
John U want to help pass legislation to do away with retirement benefits of those in congress
I'm a disabled combat veteran, my son has autism, he's covered by champva, r we gonna b left 2 die? #askingforafriend
Health care ...... please please help us.... I know you have a good heart Sir.
Stay healthy and don't depend on government largess...
Vote no on killing millions of Americans. Your party is the party of evil.
Do your job McCain. It's your fault.
Should have left you in Vietnam
https://www.wsj.com/articles/putin-seeks-syria-safe-zones-after-talks-with-turkey-1493827075 … I think getting countries to police their own areas is smart.
Keep fighting the good fight Senator McCain.
McCain voted for sequestration and now acts like he had nothing to do with hollowing-out our forces. Drain the Swamp. We support @POTUS
Like the policies of Rumsfeld. Disgraceful.
They just proved they don't care about people's lives.
Almost as much risk as living in Arizona if your a Vet. Worst VA in country after years of scandal under leadership of @SenJohnMcCain
Sen. John; You've been around so long... If you can't get through to colleagues, NO one can. READ the Omnibus bill b4 voting or FILIBUSTER.
but they already passed something which brings everyones life at higher risk.....

Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
Traitor
I'm a progressive in a wheelchair. We might not agree on much but your a patriot and I trust you. Need you as President!
But John, they had a bill to pass to strip healthcare from 24M Americans. #Priorities
I finally agree...Congress has failed the American people. Stop grandstanding & get to work, this is just a show but not sure for whom
Since when do you care about America? You use to matter before you chose your party over your Country.  #impeachGOP
Abu McCain you're a traitor.
Vote for you was wasted: never do it again: loser!
I think you just like to talk to hear your head roar.  But, is "anybody" really listening
Please tell us that your wife getting administration job won't force you to vote yes on this monstrosity of a Healthcare bill...
Me. McCain, I'm a vet, and I'd like to thk you, for looking after our svc men and women thank you 
why is this all you talk about!
So the WH may give your wife a State Dept job.  Is this to change your mind on #trumprussia #trumpcare???
If you vote yes on this horrid health bill, just stop trying to play hero when it comes to trump. Can't have it both ways
But you voted for this sham of a healthcare bill! What happens if their children are born with a preexisting condition #familiesatwar
If our veterans don't come home to clean air, cleanwater, good roads and quality schools then what are they fighting for?
You selling out the American people to put your wife in the state department puts American lives at a greater risk. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
you sir are a hollow suit- your wife is joining the admin- you are compromised
Don't let dangling Trump state department job offer to Cindy McCain soften your determination on Trump-Russia investigation as now reported.
How damn much money do you want for the military. The budget spends more on defense than anything else. Stop the wars & we'll have enought.
Mr McCain: is your wife being considered for a job in Trump's organization? Your constituents want to know.
Please stay the Hero Senator.  U have been my hero since I first heard of u.  I voted 4 you and worked too. My family has birth defects.
You hypocrite... you just voted to throw millions of people off of their health insurance. You are a traitor to those that voted for you.
Senator, you finally got something right.
Booooo McCain should step down. AZ.  Did not put him in office for his ugly behavior
Et tu, Senator? Deeply disappointed that an American hero would sell his country down the drain:
White House considering John McCain's wife for State Department spot: report http://hill.cm/S43tNHW  
Thank you for continually fighting for our veterans.
ok, now you have a chance to fix healthcare!!  It is killing us out here.  Please help us!!
The wars you crave are what puts service members lives at risk, John. Stop war-mongering. It will save lives.
Time to focus on health care and stop this TrumpCare madness.
Well they better not get sick when they are discharged. Please step up and bring leadership on the healthcare bill. We are better than this.
It also means military families like mine are in limbo re: relocations. It costs families money to scramble to make plans!
No bill will pass that requires compassion. #Obamacare saved my life, sir. I am by no means alone. Please help us and vote NO to #AHCA.
@GCHQ  Russia came into Alaska's airspace 5 times in one week! @PutinRF_Eng know as long republicans are in Trump's ass he can do whatever!
John McCain knows the military was intentionally weakened by the Obama socialist. Ult
Why are you completely SILENT on this horrific healthcare bill??
Endless War puts thier lives at risk..bring them home , take care of them
In Trump’s America, Rape Is a Preexisting Condition
This should be getting more coverage.
Does this mean you're planning on voting yes on healthcare bill????
Trumpcare gives Top 5 wealthiest people $5,000,000 tax break: intolerable disrespect for working Americans.
So, Trump is buying your vote to gut our healthcare and kill us by offering unqualified  @cindymccain a sweet deal at State. Prove me wrong.
Congress has failed many, many Americans today, Senator.
What about healthcare, you fossil!!
I could not agree more. We should take care of our military. I will always vote in their best interest. #TN04 #TeamMaddux
#AHCAVote deprived MILLIONS of healthcare coverage that could result in death.
John, John, John, and yet you vote against appropriation bills to provide benefits to troops injured in your wars.  Sit down please.
You talk out of both sides of your mouth. Didn't you vote for repeal of healthcare effecting thousands of vets
Senator, when the healthcare bill gets to the Senate, please don't change anything for the veterans. U think suicides are bad now? Just wait
You're the one that puts service members in harm's way always by starting unnecessary wars 2 line your pockets - SHAME ON YOU!!!
As McCain softens tone on #Trump, State Dept http://apnews.com/10f31799021749 … via @AP
Congress failure to #KillTheBill condemns 24 million American citizens to sickness. 5% of those people = our entire active military.
Let's build it up, we can take the money from veterans, they're patriotic! Don't need earned benefits, let em buy their own disability! S66
They're too busy depriving Americans of healthcare protections & life saving care.
Well trumpcare just fucked our troops...no access to mental health, pre-existing conditions, etc.
What will your vote be on this abomination of a health care bill?
You are putting lives at risk with your war hawk position.  Why are we still in Afghan. ? What have we accomplished ?
Thousands of our men dead.  Billions of dollars wasted.  For what ????
I'm convinced that McCain is a lifeless golem kept animated by the MIC to promote endless wars around the world.
What about their health care
and they just cut health care for about 7 million vets you need to stop this john!!!
Why 
Aren't
You
Talking
About
The
Care
Of
Our
People?

#SaveOurCare
And why has there been no regular budget for years? The swamp needs draining, and yes you are part of it.
Sir, we could also use a new Secretary of the Army. #ISupportDrMarkGreen
Are you really selling out???? Reports Trump is giving your wife a job so you'll refrain from your patriotic "Country First" comments. Sad.
You need to fight harder.
weren't you on the short bus to trump town
you look all alone McCain maybe you shouldn't have turned your back on your independent voters
You need to stop tweeting about troops until you get a backbone and stop relying on your service record. You could be a leader. You are not
you have lost complete track of what the FUNDERS of all these bills need we are not worker ants we are human beings
$600 billion is more than enough John
The house voting to repeal healthcare from Americans puts our nation in greater risk of economic disasters.
