Truly brave man and truly presidential; thanks senator for standing for the oppressed people of Syria
Much of a peace loving Asad with his Iranian mullahs who together slaughtered 600k Syrians&displaced 12 M causing the largest human tragedy
Btw Obama is so soft on Iran and Asad ; seems you share that affection with Mr. O 
Obama was Iranian sympathizer and apologist exactly like you ; standing up for the underdog is the true American manner which McCain reps
Every time John McCain makes secret trips to Syria, chemical weapon attacks follow

Exactly!!! Russia?? I mean where are they getting this from??
Turkey?
This men He is moster animal serial killer he deserve to be in the Jail for rest he's life.
Assad he is killer
America needs to go in and stop this now. Trump is proving to be weak as a president.
Go play with ppl who care. Don't have time for fools like u.
I wish we would do more about the Syria situation. So disappointed in us.
The terrorists you back, Senator, must be throwing around with candies, right?(When they are not too busy with chopping heads)
We need to work harder on removing Daesh
It's a tragedy it's a shameful
Why R U always on CNN? Traitor
because McCain fits the mold of the Corrupt News Network, birds of a feather flock together McCain is as useless as he can be
BE CAREFUL SEN MCCAIN, THIS WOMAN HATES U THE PREZ & REPUBLICAN PARTY! LEFTEST RADICAL HATER THAT WILL BAIT U! USA HATES CNN LIARS NOW!
The free syrian army are evil. I wish someone would drop a bomb on u!
We need more information.
Thank you for your bravery and honesty
Hey @johnmccain keep funding those rebels man ur doing great
This is So Sad ...
Trump is a conservative peacemaker....Johnny Mac a neo-con....
This can't be right.
How are the rescuers not dead?
Dust masks and SARIN GAS?
What chemical kills children and not rescuers?
This FAK face was burning thousands of people with Napalm in VIETNAM. Why is he even given a privilege to talk? Oh... this is CNN, I forgot.
I a mostly Dem Voter have tremendous respect for McCain. Let him lead the investigations. He is a Republican I trust
Expect Trump "response" to be limited to blaming Obama and Hillary. He prioritizes his false Susan Rice charges over Syria's human suffering
This blood is on Barack O'Bama's hands.
Obama is not the President anymore. This happened on Trump's watch. Just like Yemen raid, this is on Trump. Assad & Russia are Trump's ally
You're dillusional. Had BHO done the right things to begin with, the scenario would likely be very different. He displayed cowardly behavior
Syrians are being slaughtered by the Islamist "rebels" you're backing. ENOUGH with this warmongering nonsense!
Syrian children killed today after US-backed "rebels" shelled their school in #Aleppo.
#TerroristsNotRebels 
Senator is spot on, they can't determine their own fate under brutality by Asssd and Putin. WH blew it badly
This will only end in a world war at some point
That is exactly right
Why don't you jump in and support President Trump and figure out a solution!!!
you think  trump is interested in foreign affairs except trade!??! Think  again
Yes I do!!!
If you voted for Trump it was a suckers bet...
I proudly voted for President Trump!!!
what did YOU have to do with it!? We know you went to Syria & you love war. Are you making money if we arm Syrians? @POTUS
Dear Mr McCain you are a warrior and a hero. Please bring Bana to speak to congress
You are 80 YRS OLD. Like Arpaio your time has come. You are w/ the establishment and only want war. You are old fashioned and need to retire
Do something please!
Why can't we conduct an air campaign like in the Balkans in the 90s?
Pretty doubtful that it was Assad who used chemicals to kill his own ppl just like last time he was accused and it was NEVER proven.
it is ok for US to assist ousting Assad but not ok when Russia allegedly interferes in our election. Can't have it both ways, McCain.
Get your Attorney General issue an arrest warrant for Putin and try him for war crimes, like Nazis in Nuremberg. We want to get rid of him.
Meanwhile, our prez wants to turn this into a campaign speech against Obama?!?  Please make him lead. #Syria is dying for international aid!
well, if you're going to keep dropping bombs on syria, try aiming for once.
This makes me sick to my stomach that this is allowed to go on. What is the UN and what are we if we don't do something?
Is this our problem or all of the UN?
you are personally responsible for this and now you're beating your War Drums again. #FalseFlag diversion from #RiceGate
Senator McCain, stop revising history. President Obama went to Congress seeking it's constitutional input and GOP caucus shrugged.
I have the up most Respect for @JohnMcCain How can you support GOP after the attack on you & family 2000 Election ??
there is no one like John McCain...one of a kind, beholding to no one.
innocent #syrian children are dead. Take action now-blood is on your hands @POTUS #SyriaGasAttack #syria #stopassad
It's clear that we need to stop the genocide. What is not clear, is who the real enemy is. How do we fight this?
WE need troups to over run the WH and the GOP criminals in Congress.
But, Turkey was always the obstacle to a no fly zone. Perhaps it is time the US plays hardball with Turkey as well. 2/2
Obama/Kerry did get a deal on chemical weapons.  Trump is not backing that deal. You are probably right, we needed a no fly zone earlier.1/2
@RepThomasMassie please consult w @SenJohnMcCain do NOT stand w putin and Russia over your own country. #GBA
It's time to take Assad/Putin out NOW
Pls draft a bill for Congress to Act; Assad has committed war crimes and must be punished #AssadMustGo
John, when are you going after Trump & the GOP traitors in Congress who are shielding him?
@FedericaMog @margotwallstrom Assad has unleashed horror on Syria. EU must not make a deal with him

Trump blames Obama - mock shock!  Whose "watch" is this happening in? Our "leader" is a liar with the wrong agenda - wrong person in WHouse
@potus @StateDept @senrobportman YOU MUST DO SOMETHING NOW!
How can u compare trump's response to O's?At least O wanted Assad gone. U need to be stronger in ur attack on trump and rex or u r complicit
Let them fight for their own country.
your party controls the WH and the entire Congress. You can no longer blame others for not doing anything.
Thank you for standing up to Trump on this and other issues
Just shut up...you dont have an idea what is happening...
Dear SenatorMcCain I totally support your ongoing position here & I really hope Good ultimately prevails after all this horror.Assad must go
A to your Q: They don't. That's the idea. Assad is the ruler. Assad feels he & he alone will decide Syria's fate.
please DO SOMETHING! This has been going on for years, with all due respect TALK IS CHEAP.
Assad is a monster.It is a blight on the whole intn'l community that we stand by and do nothing,while he commits one atrocity after another
RETIRE!
USA is known for sticking our nose in where it doesn't belong.  Why do you think they hate us! Keep Americans safe!
We no longer represent humanitarian interests in the world. Only greed and the machinations of oligarchs. Heart-breaking
thank you for speaking out against these atrocities.
Syrians had a great future until US democracy/meddling interfered..  Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan,Ukraine all enjoy freedom now. Thankyou US
You helped @realDonaldTrump get elected.
Trump is Hitler part 2...allowing a "leader" to kill people and won't allow people trying to flee it into USA....absolute disgrace
Video so hard to watch. Thank you Sen McCain.As a left leaning independent who has lost all faith n our system, I truly believe U the USA
Iran is behind this, maybe even supplying gas. Wedge between U.S. European union, Russia & China. Soon Korean bombs? Axis of evil. Remember.
Enough about "red line". This happened because Trump is in Putin's pocket. You KNOW it but what will you do? #countryB4party
Do you remember when Obama said the line was use of chemical weapons in Syria?  That line was crossed before, he did nothing to Assad for it
I don't know how you can sit back and let @SenateMajLdr #Trump and @TillersonUSA take America down a path of no return.
maybe it's time you put America over party. When are you going to break ranks with #traitors who have sold out to #Russia?
Stop blaming this crap on Obama. This is on Trump and Trump's Pentagon. This did not happen on Obama's watch. It happened on GOP's watch.
We the people rely on the very few patriots in Congress to keep America on track while this administration appears desperate to destroy it
Why not suggest the House begin the impeachment process, before 45 gets us into real trouble?
Talk, talk, talk. And wring your hands a little while you're at it. Why not tell 45 to put his big boy pants on and start presidenting?
Ask your president who blames Obama. He's on the bridge now. What will he do? What excuses will you make for his ignorance and inaction?
What do you think of Trump sending hundreds of American  troops to Syria on the QT?
This is so sad... terrible.
Çoraplı ayağınla banyoda yaş yere bas....
With restrictions lifted on chemical companies in US, what makes us better off than the dozens in Syria who were gassed?
Let's wait to see what Fox News decides for President Knucklehead on what the US response  should be
I have trouble determining if @SenJohnMcCain is senile, stupid, or evil but he needs to go!
You Sir are a War hero and I don't believe you will stand by & allow this to happen,You are to honorable to let this administration stand...
Thank you Senator for always being the voice of freedom and justice.
DO SOMETHING!
What would you do if we give you the presidency for 100 days?
Ok It happening under republican congress, senate and presidency, what will you do. Would it be all talk and no action? Don't blame the Dems
THIS IS NOT A MOVIE! am sick of the blaming! Doing this now to see how US reacts NOW. Current Admin must stop chemical war!
You sir, are a true Republican. Thank you.
The American people feel the same way when there elected officials screw them John!
With all due respect, why chuckle in this report? Speak about solutions & UN approach to remove weapons- time & resources -Influence Trump
Do something about Trump!  You think these actions have nothing to do with the fool in the Whitehouse!!!!???
I bet you were really pissed off when you realized the US is not seeking a regime change.Suspicious how this story came a couple days later.
help us and the world- stop Trump!
why isn't the entire world involved with stopping this horrible murder #Heartbreaking who can stand by and watch?
Timber! 
As per reports, the rebels we supported stockpile chemical weapons. Aren't you tired of war in Syria? Let's seek peace.
Keep going on cnn. Should feel right at home with fake news. Hey what's happening with Russian Rice recipe?
@SenJohnMcCain thank you fur acknowledge war crime.  We need to help them-so sad-We r a better country than 2look away
Keep talking about this and not letting this become page 3 news!  Good work sir!  Keep it up!
trump the needs to be impeached before it's too late.He disrespected pows and the intel community and need to be removed
senator McCain can we get that treasonous moron out of the office before he get troops killed?
Assad is the obvious culprit, but it could also be a group seeking to blame Assad in a false-flag attack.
At least, that is my hope. I do not want a one party system. As it is said, " Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely! "
Thank you for speaking up for American values and not party politics. Go Maverick!
McCane, don't change the rules for gorsuch. We deserve better
It is good to see that ONE Republican still has integrity, wants Democracy, and is not consumed with arrogance, greed and lust for power.
F- you & your false flags in support of terrorist you #warmonger. May your son die in one of you wars before you pass away. #Poeticjustice.
The best way to end this appalling carnage is by yet again trying to find ways to blame Barack Obama and/or Hillary Clinton. Problem solved!
Why is SoS not condemning this action? Why is 45 blaming 44? Keep putting country above party!
.O weakens military 45 rebuilding it-been there 75 days-u go on T.V. &trash him.What u did is gross! Does it help in any way?
Hold Trump accountable for this - Assad is emboldened by Russian backing. This is what a world with for pol led by Putin looks like
Just be honest, you're a Dementocrat, so sick of your establishment politics as usual!
If the U.S. could do it to children in Vietnam, what makes you think they didn't do it to Syria?
I don't agree with your GOP votes But I always respected your patriotism  ,anti Putin, care for democracy and  the Syrian genocide .
You are a voice of reason  Trump continues to insult our friends yet he seeks friendship with thugs/strongmen who are murderous oppressors.
THAT is the problem!He is turning the world against us and it won't end well! Never at 66 have I seen such disregard 4 & her people!
Blame game won't work that's yesterday , question is what will Putin let Trump do about it?
John  here is another TRUMP advisor who was in russia,   JACK KINGSTON
Me. McCain, you always talk the talk on butcher Assad but when will you walk the walk?
No help from your tenure
Bring Assad to justice He is dictator kill inocente people and children
don't wait for trump to do anything. he's busy tweeting about his ratings and blaming yo mama. obama is no longer president.
All Americans respect you. We need your voice to stop the madness that is coming out of the White House. Do something before Trump kills us.
At home on CNN (Clinton News Network).
appreciate your candid thoughts!
Because we have a @POTUS that is ok with these activities. It's disgusting.
Actions speak louder,
@realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain so wish you were Potus. Your patriotism is not in question and you would secure national security unlike DJT
how do us citizens determine their own future when #Russia has figured out how to infect our politics and policies through #kompromat?
how do us citizens determine our future when unlimited amounts of dark $ can flow into our elections determining policy?  ty #citizensUnited
trump does nothing except to blame Obama for the attack.It is up to trump to do the Moral thing.trump can't cause he is an immoral man.
We don't buy anything you say anymore. You've lost all credibility.
fight, like #Ukraine, and some other places in wars/conflicts, too, and then helping them with that fight?
YK (2/2)
Why shld they fight when so many Nations enable the enemy by receiving masses of "refugees" rather than demanding they (1/2)
fake narrative- the only ppl slaughtering Syrians is NOT Assad but the US led coalition- this is shameful. Truth must b known.
Plz your honor..be rational.. he is killing his own ppl
مكين واحد نصاب شغلته مداعبة مشاعر الشعوب العربيه  لا يجيد الى التخدير
Trump is choosing to be the follower of Putin in Syria. A Big shame and a Big mistake. It is time to US act against the Assad regime.
I agree something needs to be done. However I think it should be a coalition of u.n.  nations. Not just America.
The US must act swiftly and strongly against the Assad regime and start getting involved with military action against the regime.
Very well spoken, Senator. Wish you were president.
As an independent liberal, I would applaud and support a McCain/Graham ticket. If we impeach T, we end up with Pence or Paul Ryan.  God help
I agree
Bla, bla, bla..., putin youre client..
what Trump going to do?
T-I-L-L-E-R-S-O-N. That vote will forever make your words hollow on Syria.
It's being reported that Syrian Air Force planes dropped chemical weapons. Why in the hell is the Syrian Air Force still able to fly?
you are the real war criminal. and Bush, Cheney, etc...
What a crime !?
PROOF IT WAS ASSAD? Maybe Turkey did to provoke war against Assad...or ISIS did it? #fakenews and you are a war crimimal...
You helped to start this war and in Iraq and Libya. A million dead is on you.
Yes the whole reason you survived imprisonment in Vietnam was to help kill the Senate with this vote. Well done. What a maverick.
After all, what wouldn't you do for a Pres who said you were not a war hero? He is a better judge of war heroes isnt he?
John McCain is simply a RINO loser. Please retire today & MAGA!
What's the point of fighting ISIS and not fighting Assad rather supporting the FSA? We don't want any help from USA but we wanna understand
Fake news!! Using material generated by al qaeda news outlets is not credible news!
