Watch and learn John, watch and learn
its time to invoke Article 25, Section 4 of the Constitution #POTUSisMENTALLYDEFECTIVE
Jordan, stick with your pencil neck accounting, we'll take care of the country
Not a chance we will let an #IllegitimatePresident who is mentally defective RUIN the country
Watch and learn Jordan, watch and learn
learn what HOW TO BE AN ARROGANT LIAR?
Why are you now YELLING?
Is it because you're being exposed?
exposed...let's try this...thanks for destroying the country
yep
If he's planning on instituting a 20% border tax, he's ABROGATING NAFTA, not "renegotiating" it.
he keeps both subject separately, very clever.
Can't do it. Not possible.
he won't be able to do it for ever
Someone commented that diplomacy with Mexico is like gaming on the "beginner" setting. Yet he still manages to screw it up.
sort of "ouch", but true. Drumpf overlooks the benefits the US has obtained so far.
The part that's unnerving from our point of view is, if this is how adeptly he deals with Mexico, what's going to happen with China?
China, on the other hand, has a better economy than Mex; they can ignore him
I'm glad you recognize this action by @POTUS is not good for AZ! @GOP need to stop him. You did this. Now fix it!
What's with you and Graham?  Are you really Dems poising as Reps.  Don't forget the people are watching.
NAFTA is as big of a joke as you are. Soros money, Dem in disguise. I bet you were only elected due to FRAUD.

Stop it with Arizona. We need to do what is best for our country now.
you mean your donors running out of pesos? Like that $3.8 million dollar home you sold a few years back? What a crock!
retire Senator; you are useless. Support the President do not boycott him. You are jealous of him winning.
This is serious. Does #POTUS really understand the issues and implications? Seems to be using his impulse!
go Maverick! We could use your Leadership!
you have robbed the people of AZ for years. You should apologize and resign effective immediately
so glad he's doing what we sent him to WH to do!!
NAFTA has not worked, should have never been implemented as it is. Giving away the store is never a good idea.
@juliomariscal Senator, with due respect, you can't be surprised nor "concerned" now. He's said this all along; you helped.
Stand with Trump in supporting Rep. Mick Mulvaney for OMB. Office of Mgmt and Budget. 

STOP being a RINO.
what to do????
you supported him, now you must live with it
Thank you for your service. Keep fighting the good fight.
Concerned? This man is clearly mentally unbalanced. GOP needs to do something now.
Yeah, they need to support #Trump or get out of the way.
If you liked Nazi Germany then you'll love the Clown posse.
Success must really disturb you.
Get used to winning. It only hurts for a minute.
This has serious ramifications for all border states: California, Ariz, Texas. STAND UP TO TRUMP, VOTE NO.
Trump has no idea what he is doing. Stop him before the other countries get more upset & angry. He's doing big damage!
Deeply concerned about establishment republicans NOT putting Americans first as they HAVE DONE for the past 20 years.
Thank-you. Creates healthy interdependence & allies. Reduces risk of war.Can foresee Mexico nuclear build up on wall.
if NAFTA isn't good for USA, then it must be renegotiate.. try being helpful instead of so negative about everything
This is why you Lost in 2008 and handed us BO. Mamby pamby mealy mouth! Can't believe AZ reelected you!
As you spend the day looking to block Americas POTUS hard working Americans are at work funding those dollars u waste!
How about working with Americas voted POTUS because the reverse has serious consiquences for your career Songbird MAGA
I would like you to better support our @POTUS, I supported you now it's time for you to support @POTUS and our Country.
pls Sen McCain, We are counting on you to hold the line on our crazy POTUS's behavior.  POTUS is a scary Narcissist.
No one cares, You are a traitor. RINO globalist traitor.
He's playing poker and we approve.

Man, you guys act like you've never seen a President enforce immigration law before. Oh wait, some of you haven't.
@sean_spicier like Obama, who deported more than any other #AlternateFacts
And the border tax! NM would not fare so well, either. Hope the Prez doesn't "forget" the SW states!
Mexico has more to lose than us. We will win this pissing match.
How many Americans are risking life and limb to get into Mexico?
We need sanity back in DC.  Only the GOP can do it.  Trump is not a real Republican.
So disappointed you won another term. You should retire or run as a Dem.
Why not get on board and stop criticizing from the sidelines. Be a part of the team. It's about what's best for all.
Is that all you're concerned about?  @LindseyGrahamSC you know this is all wrong. Be leaders! Please! Country over party.
The serious consequences already happened Sen McCain, and you and your buddies didn't give a shit. @realdonaldtrump
Mr. McCain, why aren't your voters seeing this?
thank you for standing strong against a bully.
Hey, @SenJohnMcCain @FelipeCalderon @POTUS You collaborate with terrorists in Syria. Shut up!
Hey McCain did you ever give any of your salary back???? 
Why did you line up forNafta. Because it was against the Americans you creep.
SPEAK OIT AGAINST #MUSLIMBAN
then do something about it.
How much damage will you let @POTUS do to foreign relations do before enough is enough?
It´s your job to stop that proposal and a lot more; We will do ours.
you keep talking and sucking his dick. Do something.
so do something. Their are enough dem and rep to ban together not time for partisanship time to stand up to trumps agender
@realDonaldTrump support NAFTA renegotiated contract. Support Trump and make a WINNING deal for USA. Get the jobs back
its wild how you and Gram bent over every time for obama but now you want to hold up Trump from doing what he promised
We need you to stand up to him. He is going to destroy this country and its people and all the best and beautiful things about it.
DJT's desire 2 insult Mexico & make them an enemy is pathologic & has irreparably damaged trade w/ them. IMPEACHABLE!
I agree with @SenJohnMcCain. Think before you tweet @POTUS
do not cave!
concerned that you are sensitive to enemy countries @EyadAlRefaei @POTUS
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS Hey John, you've sat in Congress for past 8 years and did nothing. Why Trump was elected. Just retire & go away.
screw nafta...America first...senior relic...
why did you support him?
Get out of politics. You're there under false pretenses. Traitor McCain. Vietnam Vets hate you. Songbird McCain.
Mr. @SenJohnMcCain - Start @POTUS Impeachment. Now!
@zuschoen
@LGBT_Activist @POTUS Republicans should help  impeach him. Why is it necessary to tell you of all people to do your duty!
25th Ammendment,have a plan ready http://now.How  much damage should we allow? Meet w/cabinet. I am Terrified.
Senator, you helped get him in office, time to clean up the mess you made and get him out!
#25thAmendment Section 4, Senator. We are counting on you.
stand up to him. Be a leader
Just shut up and go away. You're interfering in our progress. You're the good ole boy who wants the good ole times. Get Lost
Stand up the Trump!
U never did a Thing John! We pay Billions per year in tax Dollars to them, While AZ Economy is Dying. Be Smart Please!
@LGBT_Activist @POTUS Deeply concerned at hiw impotent your GOP is. It would be laughable if it weren't so tragic.
it's time for you and all career politicians to retire. Get behind the President and support #AmericaFirst #maga
stick to your principle and don't cave to partisan pressure #straighttalkexpress
@LGBT_Activist @POTUS you don't say! GOP should have thought about this before November 8!
@LGBT_Activist @POTUS As are we
NAFTA raped US workers and left them poor and jobless!
@LGBT_Activist @POTUS only if there as something you could do about it hmmm
It's a dark hour in America.  You sir, give us hope.
Not just AZ but Western New York as well because of our relationship with Canada
McCain, the U.S.A. is not and never was a Globalist Country,  Oath to U.S.A.  NOT Oath to Globalists Overlords.
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS That's the idea! We WANT "serious consequences," such as U.S. benefiting more than Mexico!
McCain, NAFTA was pushed through by Corp. Overlords and totally against the Peoples wishes. #ByeJohn
#AmericaFirst
please, please stand up for your people, Senator. We still trust you
When is this washed up #politician going 2 get the hint, HE IS OBSOLETE! He is only worried about #NAFTA due 2 #Donors
How there are no good jobs left in Az?? When are you going to actually do something for the middle class? Motorola?
Put a cork in it Senator McCain. Or...go serve with the Democrats because that is a better fit for you.
Thank you Senator.
John is deeply concerned about the Fall of Globalism and him and his cronies who Rigged the system #RINO
yeah we'd have to start buying fruits and vegs from california instead of mexico #McCainMustGo
how are you a CIVIL SERVANT your WHOLE life worth 21,000,000.00 dollars John? HOW your books didn't sell? Share the $$

DearJohn the American people rejected you for a reason. Funny you are now the opposition party.
Question. Changes to NAFTA have to go to Congress approval?
: we voted for change John.Jump on we know your old but catch up. Your such a scardycat. Drain your brain. Stop the BS
Well, you're a liberal to infiltrate rep mtgs . . . despicable way you work your magic!
We hold all the cards with Mexico.  You couldn't negotiate your way out of a paper bag.
Get back on your meds.  Stick to your "The Russians are Coming! The Russians are Coming! U want WWIII.
#NAFTA will be difficult to renegotiate since Prez Nieto won't even bother to come here! Please stop Donald!
The house/senate are the only things to rein his crazy #helpbeforeitstoolate
like I said to Graham. The jennie is out of the box.There's no going back to isolationism.no torture#save S & Medicare
yes it could cause someone to start a business in the United States.
By noit doing so hurts all of the USA
If your so worried about #AZ where were you for 8 years
Yeah it might bring back some of the jobs you let leave while you've been a Senator asleep at the wheel.
like you will stand up to him. you havent yet. dont think you will.  your word is no good.
We are deeply concerned about your continued present in our government.  Get out, traitor!
Hey you don't like what Potus is doing so why don't you resign and go home
The people elected Trump. Not you McCain. You failed when you tried, but you're still here like u matter.
don't let this happen!!
We, the people, are deeply concerned you think we won't remember you helped put him in the White House come election time
Support NAFTA. No trade wars with Mexico, no scapegoating. Our economies depend on one another; we're in same boat.
Senator thank you for your sanity. Also, for your service. Signed, Appreciative Dem #NAFTA #russianhacking
Do something!  PLEASE!
Why are you and the others following his plans? You have the power to stop him with the destruction of usa. #Why
LOL @SenJohnMcCain what do YOU know about trade and economics? You are just contrary and needing attention? #DamnRINO @POTUS
What about Russia!!!
American businesses saved billions in import and labor cost and what did taxpayers get? Nothing
@FelipeCalderon @POTUS John McCain I'm more concerned a 30+ year Globalist Politician can b in office this long selling out
If this is the best we can do in a trade deal we shouldn't be in the trade business.  Get a clue @SenJohnMcCain these should be in our favor
@tempteststorm2 why is a renegotiation of NAFTA to make it fair free trade.
We can't live with the status quo. Too many counties have been hollowed out by bad trade deals and our people suffer. Not fair to workers.
Then get on the floor John and show us! Hold up business. Fillibuster! Fight for God's sake!
It is time to renegotiate NAFTA.  The trade deficits and manufacturing job losses have gone on long enough.
You would be
He doesn't have our best interest at heart. Will mess this up.  No renegotiation until we have true leader.
@FelipeCalderon @POTUS sen john mc cain l think you're right
John McCain you should be embarrassed of yourself that Donald Trump is going to clean up the VA! You make me sick
try being afraid of him and all of his crazy policy ideas.
your eagerness to pounce on & disrespect the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has gone too far. Step to the left of the aisle.
Senator, POTUS won in part by undermining NAFTA. Our under and unemployed citizens deserve it
@Samvalor Checate esto... te digo.!
Now it hurts, where were you when you should have stopped him?
You betcha', Senator, so  go and do your job
deeply concerned about your lack of understanding of what America wants from it's leaders.
'Concerned' may not be the right choice of words.  Horrified? Hoping r govt's checks & balances will save us.
you get it. Why don't they??? Why are you stopping looking into rusky intervention? Aren't you worried about how cozy
this adm. Is to Russia. After all our country has been thru in the cold war.
It's time to have him removed before he starts WWIII. This pres. is mentally unstable and emotionally bankrupt.
@katicavanaugh @POTUS I respect you Sen McCain, please do all possible to stop this madman!
The Resistance in Congress?
Congress is still trying to figure out how to deal with Trump, including his own party
@TeddyDavisCNN @POTUS you are the GOP you are Trump if your state suffers because of it blame yourselves
Rest assured, things will be better for all Americans, including Arizonans.
@TeddyDavisCNN @POTUS Own it, Senator.
For sure it will'
bravo Senator! Please keep standing for our principles & don't give in to populist nonsense (3rd gen AZ native here)
how about all that money to build a wall?
John sit back in your rocking chair and take a well deserved nap. You had your chance 8 years ago and lost.
Senator, you need to do more than talk and tweet. Use your vote! People before party.
YOu should resign. You are no hero. Heros are those who actually fought for freeedom
If it were the democrats proposing this you would be all for it. You have proven you are a democrat
I am not a rep. But good to see 1 stand up to this lunatic good to see people 1st & not party
China & Mexico will take our place in TPP too, these policy proposals are bad for American business & consumer. Convince him
"But when it comes to a vote, I'll back him coz that's what my party tells me to do. Im a #Coward"
Time for 25th Amendment. He is disabled. I am deeply concerned about the fate of the country.
just remember that GOP supported this clown to reach the Presidency. Regrets at D+7? 
Shut up McCain! You're weak and lack integrity,a Neocon,a Traitor. So to many of us,your opinions are IRREVELANT!
https://www.cdhowe.org/sites/default/files/attachments/research_papers/mixed/Commentary_464.pdf …
please do something about this crazy man or face losing lots if seat come Nov. 2918.
Not deeply concerned 4 fellow #pow http://www.powhrdlicka.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/McCainPOWcover-up.pdf …
also I think it would be idiotic to remove the USA from the UN.  That bill needs to be terminated.
How's that I see dead people voting, welcome back torture, trade war monger president working for you?
Don't you love all the posts from the dims who hated and never voted for John McCain posting lol
absolutely !hopefully your colleagues want a future and begin to #resist these delusional policies by @POTUS
your team endorsed him.  That is a huge reason I couldn't vot 4 him.  Trump=evil.  He is a demigod.
Farmers are not happy. @JohnCornyn @tedcruz
@EdFocus @POTUS   Senator McCain, it's time to dust off your Maverick badge and stand up for what is right. #Resist
.@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS yet seemingly you and the rest of the si called representatives of the people allow one derelict to derail so much
"plan"? Senator, please stand strong for all of our sakes.
NAFTA is a disaster. You probably voted for it and screwed a lot of Americans you say you want to protect.
Will you Please go back to your nap. You embarrass  Arizona.  Trump is doing a great job.
our @POTUS will prevail.Instead of splurting scare tactics 4agenda u shld wrap ur legs behind ur head &walk on ur butt cheeks
well many Americans are happy he will renegotiate... why don't you help rather than complain?
Then stand up to him. If you and others don't, you'll go down in flames with him.
then #resist
Trump/Pence are moving at lightening speed - please try and keep up!
Why did Dem Senators need a motorcade to go on vacation??
