sorry but Trump deserves nothing but disdain. He is a moron and an embarrassment to our country
Congress -Proven to be a bunch of profiteering mafia. USA is an Empire and a fake republic. Sorta like Jerusalem was...under king Herod.
God will repay. In His own way.
It is so surreal watching real propaganda which is obviously lies come from all the news networks. This means more shutdowns on internet.
yeah John and then there is that little ole Russian thing too. You forget about that?
#MCainFalseFlagKing #McCainIsisCommmander You arranged the false flag for ISIS. Now take the necessary steps to resign
Hi
by all means All is good when it's war we're talking about. What a diversion, using dead children to further the agenda, is nothing sacred?
Obama wanted to use force to shut down Assad. The @GOP was very much against it.  How hypocritical is the @GOP now?
Later... They are too busy sniffing Neil's socks atm.
SUPPORT FOR TRUMP
He's bombing Syria? And refused to take in Syrians. Disgraceful!
We must consider that the president is an uninformed buffoon who bases decisions on television. He cannot be trusted to make good decisions.
He lacks any credibility. We can never take him at his word. We cannot expect him to carefully consider the situation or read briefings.
And if you take the necessary steps to resign then we can have peace in the world you traitorous war monger globalist.
Never met a possible war you didn't like did you McCain?
@SenJohnMcCain
If that's true, why couldn't Obama get the support in 2013?
It's disingenuous to state this as if Obama didn't go to Congress
We shouldn't be meddling in political affairs that have nothing to do with our country
Hell's frozen over! McCain is backing trump.
Proof that @GOP is willing to blatantly lie to Americas face with zero shame. history shows it. it cannot be erased. facts are facts.
did you forget he is a pathological liar desperately trying to improve his ratings? I have integrity
We know the dossier is accurate and @POTUS can't afford to offend the Russians so NO meaningful action will ever be taken against Assad.
Hey, Songbird, was there ever a war you didn't like?
John McCain's legacy: Palin & #TRUMP,
Aid & Comfort for #Trumprussia.
wow, blatantly lying about @POTUS44 wanting to act on syria. congress stopped him. THIS is your @GOP folks. what a fraud. #Syria
First time I've actually seen you be an leader for America instead of yourself. Well done
Thanks in part to the Senate for help decimating the US Military. Y'all's irresponsibility has left our nation at risk.
The same bipartisan support that you show the previous administration
The exact bipartisanship you personally gave President Obama when you voted NO to his plan for Syria! 
#MaverickNoMore
exactly mealy mouth
@SenJohnMcCain a warmonger wins twice. He gets more instability and empowers IS and @potus loses credibility with his supporters #forever
Governments do not have any legal right to poison their own people with military grade chemical weapons. If they do, they must be destroyed.
@seeinginfrared @amy_rice1 The UN should be addressing crimes against humanity,  USA is not the divine power. Messing with   and :((
The right thing?? Like when 44 wanted action? DT was tweeting to stay out of Syria + Congress voted it down. Then you LOVE to say 44 failed.
Why should dems support him when he's constantly blamimg dems for everthing? Spying? Etc? You have to earn respect.
NOW U BACK THE PREZ.....BUT ON NBC AND MSNBC U TALK ABOUT HE SHOULD HAVE TALKED TO CONGRESS! WHAT WAIT 15 DAYS TILL U CAME BACK FROM BREAK!!
If you want to end it then stop seeking regime change against leaders who don't do what you tell them to do
He DESERVES to answer to failing to go through Congress #unlawful #unconstitutional BIPARTISAN support? NO
Absolutely NOT; one "right" does not undo all the wrong and harm. + it was unlawful #congress
Glad u feel that way...Hope you're back...I guess time will tell..
@995Khaled @POTUS why doesn't 45 let those children in? Doesn't have altruistic bone in his body.
Gay relation btween Assad and Putin should be end now.

No gays ever had a baby from riding each other
Russia is watching the strike like a dummy LoL This what happens when u try to act like powerful country by protecting a war criminal
Then sir, he should ask for their support, as Pres Obama asked for in 2013. Congress needs to make their bipartisan decision.
you really are obsessed with war and killing people
I support our President. It's time McCain got his head out of his rear end. He won my vote in 2012 and has lost all of my respect since.
God bless usa and mr trump, the new hero for arabs
Where was the support when 44 tried to get congress support?  45 said 44 was just looking to increase popularity.
We cannot stop violence in Syria....period. Nor have we been able to do so in Iraq or Afghanistan....what are you thinking  (maybe the gas)
Neither HE - nor you - deserve one iota of respect, let alone support. You speak out of both sides of your mouths. You disappoint me, Sir.
It would end quick if you would end the terror funding
@realDonaldTrump  @seanhannity @FoxNews 
  
●PLSREADME⚘■
POTUS🕆STAY🕆THE COURSEMAGAMCCAIN,  PLEASE DON'T
Bullfuckingshit. He warned Russia who warned Syria before it happened! He's trying to stay out of jail!  Wth?
You can't kill Russian Soldiers and start WWIII. That airfield is where the gas attack was launched from and nowthe airfield is destroyed.
Why is the President committing an act of war against another nation without congressional approval? #unconstitutional
#Since Day 1 Senator McCain Spoke predicted this # Thankful 4 @POTUS #Prayers 4 Syria & Our Country
Why didn't you support obama back in 2013 then? Eh?
Hypocrites galore, pillaging America to make their friends rich and promote their misogynistic agenda.
He deserves to get his ass kicked out of the white house!
We r not comfortable with such a quick response b/c this Adm.has not shown us that it is stable.What comes next w/o thorough planning? Scary
@LdeRothschild @POTUS  And this says it all, folks!  This is why Trump is doing it.
Broad Bipartisan support AND a big fact budget increase for the Dept of Defense too! Trump/GOP just looking for excuse to war profiteer!
None of you cared about Syrians until suddenly their was cash to grab!
While I'm no fan of #Assad the timing of this reeks of #wagthedog China is here.  We bomb #Syria sends a tidy message regarding #NoKo
About time, McCain welcome to the light.
let's hope were still on board to find out about Russia ...I'm always suspicious autocrats and dictators and their puppets
Why advocate bipartisan support to end unthinkable violence & destruction in Syria, but not to do what's right in America for Americans?
again, 45's opportunity to take eyes off Russia and their attack on the US electoral process
This is wrong we he will not use chemical against his people
MCCAIN ... 
YOU ARE A WARMONGER AND CRIMINAL
OF THE HIGHEST ORDER.
Finally, support for your party.
Well that's the least you could do
Why wasn't Obama supported when he wanted to respond? He was shut down.
"he deserves broad bipartisan support" as did his predecessor under similar circumstances.
@Teri_A_Adams @POTUS Excuse me but DT has been getting briefed since November 16. R u saying he never knew what's going on?
What happened to putting aside differences to preserve the filibuster in Senate?
Finally, getting that war you and your boys were aching for, John.
Finally, US has taken leadership. Senator McCain you r absolutely correct on ur analysis on Syria and on Russia.
You are sick!
He @realDonaldTrump deserves to be removed from office for all his Russian connections.
Finally we have a President with back bone!!!!!
It won't end the violence. And he'll only get support from warmongers. Otherwise, good job
Wouldn't it have been better 2 figure out who provided the Sarin, who paid 4 it & who was paid 4 it, what bank handled the transaction, &
shut down that entire pathway of 'commerce' in death?  Maybe send anonymous ninjas so Assad mysteriously disappears & reappears in the Haig.
POTUS is not authorized to bomb another country without congressional approval. Unless the US is under imminent threat. He broke the law.
I somewhat agree and I despise this man.
Hillary is part of the bipartian support.
Clinton supports Trump military action in #Syria against Assad's air force— "the cause of most civilian deaths." 
The cease fire must be the elimination of ISIS, restoration of previous borders with safe spaces and preparation for elections.
This retaliation MUST be followed up with cooperative effort to REALLY remove all chemical weapons from Syria. Then move fwd on cease-fire
you're dilirious mccain. you know damn well that hurling missiles into syria is not going to "end unthinkable violence and destruction."
I didn't think McCain would agree with necessary action taken in Syria. Congrats
I think what has happened here is a statement about use of chemical weapons. They must all be removed in disarmament. Now work to end this
Mr McCain , you really need to rethink the Syrian narrative, ISIS is behind the attack that killed so many.
You're an honorable man. Trump is a warmonger. Do not support him.
Senator, or better yet, @POTUS explain why [reportedly] Russia was warned of the attack beforehand
Which russian puppet do we oust first? The one in syria or the one in the white house?
POTUS, whose whole staff is under investigation for ties to hostile regime suppirting Assad?
You who wanted to arm Syrian al Qaeda?
No.  This is a power grab by an unhinged wanna be dictator.  You have proven not to have the balls to stand up to him.  #notmygovt #RESIST
Had respect for u.  You vote party over principles & people.  And try to blame Obama?!  Fuck that
John McCain. Go away. Your a bad dude. Time is up. You are a war mongerer.  Donald don't listen to him. He bad mouths u
Any action needs to include accepting refugees
You and your colleagues went nuclear today on bipartisan support!
No me extraña que apoyes a uno de los creadores del ISIS:
just like that bipartisan support you have President Obama in 2013?  That should work out well...
You know full well that Trump is not capable of making the proper educated well thought decisions. You know that!!
YOU WAR MONGER! You have zero SKILLS. War is the only thing U can think of! U will have blood on YOUR hands! @potus @vp @MeghanMcCain @GOP
I am so disappointed in John McCain. You just do not get this.
This is a UN issue, not a US issue. Trump should make his case to the UN
Bipartisan support was needed all along during this crisis.  This is not the first heart wrenching murder of innocents in Syria.
Where was the same support for President Obama, a good & decent man, when he had a similar decision to make @SenJohnMcCain
Can you say the same about the character of our current president?
Congress needs to authorize military intervention.
At least McCain cares about the suffering of Syrians.
You're as flip-floppy as @billclinton was back in the 90's. Please define the necessary actions in YOUR terms....
No he doesn't deserve any such thing. He and the GOP are a threat to our democracy.
Glad to have you back...
Thought Kerry said all chemical weapons were removed from Syria.
I agree senator and support that. But allow me to remind you that Obama asked for congressional support and received none.
hypocrites
Let's start with taking in refugees.
Hypocrites
How bout you grab your ak47 and your cammies and go fight alongside the kids you want to send to die or worse?
You remember what you and the @GOP said to Obama who tried to stop this murderous rampage before it got this far?
Is this John McCain actually thinking about supporting POTUS? After the nasty things you did to undermine our President!
Oh, knock it off. You've proven your tough talk means nothing.
Do you mean Obama? Or have you changed your policy?
Our focus needs to be on rebuilding America rather than instigating foreign war. Mind our own business.
Maybe you should not have voted yes on a totally unfit and unqualified Secretary of State
Please President Trump.  Do not listen to the NEO-CONS !! Remember your comments about quagmires from the past !!!
Yes, help is needed for the poor souls of Syria.Hypocritical much?Hope Dems do what GOP didn't-right thing
no war is Justified. we must not send our troops in
NO WAR. TAKE IN THE CHILDREN OF SYRIA LIKE JEWISH CHILDREN DURING WWII
Trump's 2 busy watching Rogue One & Golfing to do anything much less think of something to do.
Why didn't Obama get broad bipartisan support when he took it to Congress?
So did @POTUS44 in 2013. Sick of this hypocrisy
#GOP is putting the nail in the coffin for bipartisanship with the nuclear option. +You voted for it! Thought u knew better. U Lost my vote.
Disappointed.
Who will control Syria if Assad is toppled?  We better think long and on this one..
Assad has done things even Hitler didn't do, and to his own people. He is a savage. He must be stopped.
no war in the Middle East.
Maybe he should go find that support from the other nations of NATO. Oh, wait.
How convenient that this comes shortly after your trip to Syria. #SyriaHoax
F@CK the @POTUS!
...and the GOP for that matter!
Still a better legacy than yours
The GOP will be done in two years. The country sees all of you for what traitors you are now Senator.
You are a backstabber and want war!!!!!
He cared so little about Syrians that he tried to deny them refuge here.  He only wants to distract from Russiagate.  Putin wont allow it.
You ensured that bipartisanship in the Senate is now dead. If you want war, you and your 50 Republican friends can vote for it.
You could have done the right thing this morning, but you followed the party line. I say no to the WH clown.
At the time of obama's red line @realDonaldTrump tweeted NOT to react to the attack then criticized his reticence.
#GrandJuryRiceFarkasWatersRhodesJohnsonBrennan #GrandJury #SusanRiceUnmasked #ObamaGate #DestroyDeepState 
@VP @SebGorka @KremlinRussia_E
Trump should get the same measure of support that the Republicans gave Obama. Republican support is an oxymoron.
I agree with him on very little but he would have my support for this.Thank you for speaking out.
I used to respect you as loyal opponent. You have proven to be craven opportunist always party over country. So disappointed in you now.
You are just another warmongerer, apparently you didnt learn shit from Nam
you get your ass over there in that serin gassed land and see if you change your mind
Another false flag attack and you ppl eat it up like McDonald's
that's a stupid comment.
