Let us watch&remember lesson-totalitarian socialism is a recipe for disaster. Beyond that&nagging, let Venezuelans take care of Venezuela.
There have been sanctions (embargo) for more than 50 years. Are Cuba or Venezuela threatening the US?? ICBM? Nuclear weapons? No
Нефть. Из за неё у Джона и ему подобных пена у рта
Castro boys have been playing mischief for decades. You just now catching on?
Cuba simply isn't that powerful. Only thing missing from this WJ story is Saddam's WMD.
Cuba gets 100k barrels of oil a day! Ask Angolans if they didn't suffer at the hands of those communists! They influence by infiltration
Cuba had the Soviets backing them during the Angolan intervention both economically and militarily. Much weaker now.
I agree, John, as tensions rise in the commodity crunch, greater attention to food security, aid, development w/ failing regimes.
Where were you when Obama opened the door for Cuba? I'm sure not in Hanoi Hilton but perhaps under Barack's desk.
Shame on you for lying about repeal and replace. Do you sleep well at night?
This is what you want! #NWO #TraitorMcCain
Why don't you leave people alone? All u do is making war,drop bombs,change regime,arm the terrorists.In god sake stop getting people killed
because there is oil there?
I had no idea that Castroism was propping up Maduro. Tanks in the streets seemed overkill for civil unrest.
Its about the oil (more reserves than Saudi Arabia). Not about political ideology.  That is if oil ever returns to $100+ per barrel.
I knew this for a long time. Castro & Colombian Drug cartels needed Venezuelas leaders. Now we need to break that & restore democracy.
Yeah, cuz sanctions against the Castro bros have worked so well.
You still alive?
...funny how the deep state demonizes ANY oil rich nation they fail to control. Soon al-CIA-da will magically appear :)
Do your job. Keep your promise.
You are supporting democrats now, traitor.
Thanks.
We will vote you out!  Swamp creature  and feeder off the Medicaid Extension. Recipient of a 70% insurance supplement
There once was a maniac that caused carnage, very much as John McCain is doing on his way out and that maniac was Adolf Hitler. ENOUGH!
John John come on, your avoiding Americas REAL issue ...Trump  If you can live through POW  You Can Stand Up to this Traitor and GOP  STAND!
Propaganda vs analysis. All this will do is forge alliances w/another bully to protect themselves from us. Consequences poorly thought out.
Work for the needs of our country ! They can worry about there own !
Issue is petroleum industry special interests. Vz reserves larger than Saudi Arabia. If oil gets back to $100+ per barrel, who gets profits?
Реальные вы парни. Спасибо вам за трезвый взгляд на проблему
Please replay your campaign slogans and then explain your actions! Liar liar 
RETIRE TRAITOR!
Where or where have you been? No new here. 30 yrs and all we get is a must read notice. Support your party and POTUS   No Maverick Please
Who is tweeting for you. Your chicken soup!!!
Are you gonna cover your "Guns of Syria" you know those ISIS guys you backed...??
How about the guns of America? We are probably supplying them to every terrorist around the globe.

https://twitter.com/Maks___Chepay/status/894585309089988608 …
and doesnt Russia control Castro?
Must read, johnny vote against repeal, hurts hard working people, demos all fall in line like johnny did, his is garbage!
Thanks to Kimberly Strassel of the WSJ!!!
It's time to help the contras to reach the win, please contact Oliver North, he will tell you how it is done right!!
Time Mr Senator to stop the circus and act against these thugs Dictators. These 2 are shaking the peace of 4 countries in the continent
He's calling the shots since long,long ago....
Stop the BS. Shut off the flow of oil. It can't hurt people more. Will destroy Dictator V-Gov. If i must pay $$ gas OK. @realDonaldTrump
http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/19/exclusive-soros-clinton-linked-teneo-among-donors-to-mccain-institute/ …

Soros money must be real good. You are a sell out. You ran on repeal of healthcare.
You have an excuse for being a traitor. It must be the tumor. GGM is a very ugly disease & I hope you will talk to God about your behavior.
Your Socialist Buddies. Run by Castro. Free Health Care for all. The people are loving it.
You stay on vacation and must read all your shit then you can become a dimacrat.
Yes this conflict is important, but stop the #koreanwar now.
Go away, Judas.
is that Montez from Workaholics?
Hahaha!!!
You have no credibility. Zero. Waste of air with you. Self-centered waste of time. You need to rely on ocare.
Well John you're wrong, it makes absolutely no sense to say that Castro is controlling Maduro in Venezuela
and yet nobody stood up to Obama when he openly embraced Cuba.
Again, bravo John I really hope Trump/Tillerson would listen to you!
Джон скоро с криком "Русские идут" выпрыгнет в окно...или такое уже было?
Thank you Senator! Also the so called "opposition leaders" need to stop playing politics when we are dealing with drug cartels and kingpins.
Thanks for the HEALTHCARE! Now YOU Take CARE of Yourself! We LOVE YOU!!!
Sounds like a great movie title.
At least find something better than Google Translate.

Delicious
Hope you have a Blessed day!Walk in Love always! God is Love! Praying always
