WE SHOULD BE SPEAKING
WHEN ALL OFFICIALS MUST BE REQUIRED  TO ATTEND TO
LISTEN TO IMPORTANT MESSAGES AS THIS!!!
Unfortunately we continue 2 pay the price of having U in office. U R now reduced to crying #faketears & trying to elevate Urself. U R a "0"
.@gop @potus McCaint - That HAS not been proven you POS!  What price did you ever pay for YOUR S&L Collapse?
Bla Bla Bla
by "#Russia attacking our election" do you really mean #antiTRUST #Jews used @facebook to #manipulate #perception? @HillaryClinton @FBI @CNN
One person says no Russian interference, you say ldefinitively there was Russian interference! I'm confused! Can you clear this up Senator?
Senator you I respected . Lately I don't even know who you are.
OMG! We r over it and over U! We also meddle in other countries and spy on them! It didn't change the results! Accept the facts- MOVE ON!
Senator McCain, thank you. Now, stop trying to silence @KamalaHarris , she is being a patriot, too.
Elections have consequences, and you lost. Ever wonder how that happened? Maybe it was the Russian! Or the Socialist party in the dems party
Only those with 0 critical thinking skills or skepticism believe this without any morsel of evidence. Never Trumpers buy this crap. Not me.
#KillARusskieForABrewsky #DeathToPutin #FuckRussia #RussiaWillPay
Release Trumps taxes & you'll see why. #russianloans
After the way you acted towards Kamala Harris, I will never listen to you again. Sexist blowhard
#Complicit
Where is the proof? Am I wrong for asking?
Um, so stop talking and take some action, Senator.
Americans R paying the price w/ backstabbing establishment like you.  Get off the Russia train & stand with & for voters & @POTUS

Thank you Senator McCain. Those compounds should not be repopulated by the Russians
Senator McCain,  remember that the Donald can veto the  bill.
Mr McCain please no more speeches retire you did your duty but it's time to let go u have no clue what ur saying
but @POTUS said that didn't happen! Pls sir fight for nation above party
I want to know how hacked e-mails helped Trump & other republicans win. It's your party, Senator. As someone w principles, don't let this go
I truly believe with the research I have ready and document I have read there was definitely a good chance voters were suppressed by purging
I don't know if that falls under the hacked e-mail story. The interview with Roger Stone made it clear to me he was involved.
Voter roll info was stolen and they used this to purge voters on election day together they were unable to vote or made it difficult.
I can't speak to whether that is valid.
Voter rolls were stolen that was stated in the latest report.
The only big fraud found was the Dem linked group so far. Obama's DHS also attempted to hack voter systems GA  IN ID
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/post-nation/wp/2017/06/09/indiana-voter-registration-group-employees-charged-with-falsifying-applications/ …
Russia DID NOT interfere in our election. It is very important the people of the United States become close friends with the Russian people!
Drop the Russian narrative you old fool. First it's hacked (no proof) now word of day is attack. Americans made up their own minds.
Your insane 
I DON'T BELIEVE THEY ARE LISTENING
OR JUST IGNORING EVERY THING THAT IS BEING 
SAID
The wall, please build the wall
Russia hijacked our election & installed their puppet. Any support you give this admin is supporting Russia. Good luck with that John.
You guys in Congress are a joke!
Thank you from 1 American
Time for u sir 2 align w president& show ur support. Enough already. We the people r ready 4 him 2 go 2 work 4 us!
Good, now get back to passing health care and tax reform.
No "attack" has yet been demonstrated. Stop trying to start WWIII!
You need to remove the man who's working w/the Russians. Don't be a fool. Years of contact& cash from Russia to the Trumps is no coincidence
U rock
GOP keeps blaming the media and Democrats,attacking them, name calling, then is shocked when violence is acted on?
Americans why supported McCain- you really crazy people!
But you just talk& talk while your wife is being offered a trump job. How can we take you seriously when all you do is talk and do opposite
But, but, what about Hillary and her emails? 
John kill putin
Is there concrete proof?
Thank you Sen McCain, on behalf of all Americans.
Your a broken record
The only thing that outrages me is YOU
I'm more worried about folks like YOU protecting POTUS instead of holding him accountable for his many crimes against our Constitution!
And the President will veto it
How bout Scalise.Republicans,Scalise! Instead of RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA! GEEZ!
Thank you!
Thank you
You have a chance, on the committee, to get to the bottom of this, but you keep blowing it. Ask questions about Russia, not Hillary.
Yes and when our electricity goes out the GOP may finally start doing something about Russia and It's collusion with Trumps campaign.
It's not even known if Russia did anything.  Why does this old fart even say anything. Is he doing fake news
I'm convinced you are part of the #DeepState and a #leaker.
Why don't you punish the TRAITORS who colluded with the RUSSIANS!? Oh, you take a lot of RUSSIAN MONEY? Oh, guess you'll turn a blind eye
you are a liar and fake conservative I want your resignation
All those People missing from the Voting lists, when They went to vote, makes sense now.. 39 States hacked by Russians.. We need a Re-do!
John why not start a war with Russia maybe that would make you feel better. Slap some sanctions on them & move on  to something productive
Don't count on your master singing sanctions against the kompromat!!!
President Obama did some things, but he knew the investigation would go into the next administration, and we all know Trump loves Russia.
That's because you & @SpeakerRyan are protecting & excusing Trump & doing nothing. None of you deserve your jobs. Put the country over GOP
How about asking 45 why he doesn't condemn Russia for messing with us?
thank you so much
Wasn't John McCain on the I got Russian PAC money list too? Is this kind of like pot calling kettle black?
More idle blather from a dottering old pol. If you mean it THEN BLOODY DO SOMETHING AND STOP FLAPPING YOUR TOOTHLESS GUMS. WE'RE TIRED OF IT
McCain, get off our party ticket, you're a sell-out to soros & globalists. You don't represent us. We elected @POTUS so stop your lies #MAGA
Sit down, John; we keep hearing WAY too much from you. Try supporting our Prez instead of dems & work w/him to get the real work done.
So you support the investigation of @potus? I hope so.
As your questioning highlighted, this Administration appears to have very little interest understanding the extent of Russia's assault.
You Sir let the AG off the hook yesterday. You are part of the problem. Get rid of the  leaders involved then I will believe you care.
Where have you been during the hearings?! You say this onTwitter then ask the silliest questions.The Ruskies are undermining ALL democracies
Prove it first. RINO
Good for you, McCain. Well explained, well endorsed. Now ask yourself why this POTUS/WH admin keep trying to lift sanctions & be "friends"
DO MORE!!!  WE ARE COMPROMISED YOU KNOW IT! DO MORE!
We need to go back to paper ballots. You please be the first one to start saying in out loud please.
Member when Comey testified there was no investigation, ya I member.
So if we know for fact that that election was attached by Russia would that election or electees be unlawful and unconstitutional?
Russia has been hacking us, and we them, for many election cycles.  Ask, why is McCain and the rest of the swamp focusing on it now?
I hear @WhiteHouse and @RexTilllerson are trying to water down the sanctions?
What about Obama administration hacking Indiana state board of elections in fall of 2016 ...where is the outrage over this?
When are we going to investigate the Russians secret meeting with Nancy Pelosi before the sale of Uranium.
Where's the evidence.  Not one scintilla of evidence.  The smart people do not take a politicians word on anything.  Show me the EVIDENCE!
Lol Love it when the Maverick gets a good nights sleep and shows up ready to kick some ass. Go get em John McCain, go get em.
Thank you, Senator McCain.The Russian breach of our election process needs to be investigated.
Just learned that your wife now works for Trump?  This makes it clear how you continue to put party before Duty and Country. So disappointed
McCain you are so far out there please remove yourself
It's about time.
You talk a good game but roll over for Cheetolini.
@NetworkJunkyz When there was chance to ask about Russia, you asked about Hillary! Can I get my country back? No honor in you
Yet we're about to lift sanctions?
Your president must be really upset with you @gspp_senmccain since he never enquired about it.
Senator McCain. You are a hero sir! So glad you speak for the people of America!!
Why can we have a retaliatory cyber attack? Doesn't have to be politics -- infrastructure. We can't or we're not? Which is it?
Has @realDonaldTrump  Trump even acknowledged it yet??
so we have a United States Cyber Command what the fuck do we pay these people to do play fantasy sports game all day 
What are YOU doing about it John?  And what the hell were you babbling about during the #ComeyHearing?  All due respect, etc etc.
Why wasn't this important before the election took place?
Shut up and retire.  Why are you beating the drum of the Democrats we these trumped up allegations.
Any chance on our President speaking out on holding Russia accountable?
And yet you kept interrupting Sen. Kamala Harris! Shame on U!
Mr Senator, thank you for your commitment to justice, freedom and peace! You are amazing. May God bless you.
Traitor
How about we just give the whole Russia issue a rest today?
good...now stop interruppting the "woman" so that sessions doesn't have to lie for your friend trump.
Eat poop John McCwacko
Why are you taking charge of the hearings? Now that you got your wife a position, free pay check I dont trust you.
Great move, Sir.
Does America really deserve having such corrupted clowns and traitors to be senators of its people?
@SenJohnMcCain is the leader of the free world
And your party broke promise to Ukraine !!
You're a tool Mr senator!
You need to go farther. Find all Americans who helped.
Russia exposed their stupidity
Dumb dem politicians embarrassed by their emails
No dem primary results in California?
Fixed !
So why did ur wife sign up w an admin that aided and abetted that?
What about the 4 million people in NYC 
Prevented From voting during dem primaries
Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump #dasvidaniya
What about the Clinton associates in Indiana ?
Like voting without ID ..come on
John what's another enemy in the world ?
Our election process is vulnerable!
Glad you can still read your secretaries notes, this is way over your head
You need to step down. You're losing it. Your anti-Trump crap needs to stop.
Thank you @GOPSenate @SenateDems for doing what Trump and Administration have not stepped up to do!
the only "attack" is YOU attacking the POTUS You were once a HERO now you are just a RINO. You will be defeated in your next primary
Thank God for Senator McCain. Love you sir. 
Then you have 45 laughing it up in the WH with the scumbags, calling our FBI director a nut job .What a damn embarrassment to the world..
Are you sure it's okay with Trump. I mean about your wife and everything.
Look at you. Finally had enough of POTUS?
It's a shame that @realDonaldTrump @potus doesn't care about sanctions against Russia.
Russia Attack Far Wider https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-06-13/russian-breach-of-39-states-threatens-future-u-s-elections …
Your positions are becoming as erratic as Trump's. One day you are off on an e-mail tangent and the next you make sense - like this time.
And you did nothing so step aside
Stop. You talk a good line the. Vote with the Pres.
About time! How's that job for your wife working out?!
TRUMP GONNA SIGN THAT YOU THINK JOHN ? WHATS WIFE'S PAY FOR THE JOB ? VOTING TO KILL HEALTH CARE FOR ARIZONA ? KILLING MILLIONS OF AMERICANS
Nuke em homie!
Good luck with that Russians in WH now, no sign of any repercussions u will have to wait till 2018 when republican lose power till then het
How about punishing Russia's domestic accomplices?
Sometimes it seems like America will answer with attack to our elections in next year
What changed to prevent this in the future?
McCain,  just retire.
The POTUS you endorsed will veto it.
Yay! I thank you and the supporters of this legislation for standing up for America. We all need to stand together to protect democracy.
I am sorry but you need to retire !! You are not interested in protecting this country - just your position of power
Yet u rambled like the old man u r when questioning or interrupt a real prosecutor trying to get answers. U r all talk no bite!
Great now let's find out who colluded with them here!
Thank you Sir.
You have to attack in north korea and suria
Great speech Sen. McCain. When will Trump admit that Russia undemined our election? Thank god for Robert Mueller.
I know.  President Comey (sic) needs to launch a nuclear attack on the Pyongyang pancake house with syrup on the ketchup woof woof.....
No, John, how about dealing swiftly and strongly with the accomplices in our midst?  Enough yakking  "troubling," stop the stonewallers.
And yet McCain, you hug the MEK/OIAC terrorists group that killed American soldiers. Does sound a tad strange to you?
Maybe if you stopped interrupting @SenKamalaHarris we would get to the truth sooner.
Now get on-board and punish the beneficiary of the Russian hack
Thank you!
Good
John. would you please stop interrupting the women during these hearings!  MS. Harris had a valid question and you cut her off!  Shame!
ET TU
http://www.thedailybeast.com/cindy-mccains-state-dept-post-a-done-deal-after-aggressive-trump-push …
no but our country has by you and the crazy left politicians both dems and Republicans plus msm hysteria over trump
