Sir, you are incorrect; not all Utahans oppose this move. To work to overturn it sets a dangerous precedent for our country.
The dangerous precedent was set by the Federal government's usurpations in taking such lands...
I know you won't get this; but I'll give it a go. The land was already the Federal Government's.
No it wasn't. I know you won't get this, but the fed can't retain control after statehood w/o paying...
do affirm and declare that they forever disclaim all right and title to the unappropriated public lands 2/
lying within the boundaries hereof.." 3/3
What a nice retort. That said, Utahs constitution isn't superior to the constitution of the US.(supremacy clause)
Which clause or amendment states that statehood concurs ownership of public lands upon the states?
So screw Native Americans right?
don't you understand this takes all control out of Native Americans hands and sends it to D.C.?
That's a first. It protects it from being used. I didn't know Natives wanted their land developed. Your kidding right....
#casinos
Wow! You sir are a fool
who are you or Obama to tell Native Americans how to use heir land
Troll ID'ed
How did R's come to be the party of completely intolerant, self professed know-it-all's?  #BearsEars #utpol #Conservation
Obama and the Dems just took over land bigger than the state of Delaware and you call Republicans know it all?  Wow
So.... that makes zero sense. #SlowClap
Obama knows better than the people that live there. #KnowItAll.  I know dems are slow but this is not hard to follow
from what I've seen the people that live there want this. 99% are yes! Stop playing hater. Casinos sucks btw.
download the KSL app and look into local opinions
no that's ok, I don't need an app, I can read & see with my own eyes. Not buying an app for your pocket. Sorry.
KSL app is local news and it's free
Keep your hands off! The people of Utah
@madamecrab @SenMikeLee he's talking only about white people, not Native Americans
More like white LOBBYISTS. These faux patriots r quite transparent in their greed 4 money & power -->@SenMikeLee
vote this one and Jason Chaffetz out first chance you get!
"The will of Utahns" is not one single thing. Your constituents are not one single party, color, religion, or other affiliation.
you should look at all the land grabs i.e. Northern Maine.  Change the law to prevent unilateral action by POTUS 2 make parks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_MUuZEX-Ug …
LET IT STAND! #nationalMonunemt #BearsEars
The horror of the landless Lakota, is a cautionary tale,ancient lands protected for ur traditional use, no mining by strangers:)
it should have never happened & we need 2 make sure things like this don't happen again, states rights ahead of federal mandates
And the rest of America looks forward to watching you squirm & writhe in moral agony as you do so, Senator.
Wiped clean with the ease of a child clearing the blackboard after class, using the Congressional Review Act of 1996.
Let's be clear - You're speaking for the fossil fuel industry not Utahns. You're not fooling us. #BearsEars
In fact, just looked it up on https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00031696 ….
It appears it was a total of $185k, of which $79.5k from PACs.
@sltrib you should say some Utahns
YOU ARE ONLY INVOLVED TO DISCREDIT OUR PRESIDENT YOU COULDN'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT THOSE PEOPLE
Well, Senator... this Utahn will fight you night and day...along with millions of others. #bearsearsnationalmonument forever!
Kingsbury, Trump will reverse Bears Ears exec order. Courts will hear the case. A conservative SCOTUS will squash it.
no, please don't. I'm a Utahn, I'm in your district, and my will is to leave the #BearsEars monument designation. #utpol
your a fool and not paying attention.Lee wasn't opposed to a monument.Just the way it was done.Congress should B involved
so since he's not opposed to it, no sense in putting any effort into "undo"ing it right?
what part of National  don't you understand? Glad Tribes' request was heard, even if some insist they don't count. #publiclands
you mean you will work tirelessly to make sure your campaign donors can continue to destroy the earth
That is regrettable. Why?
good luck with that!  Midterms in 2018.
sorry, sounds like most utahanns except for you & your cronies like the monument. Leave it alone & work on something FOR the ppl
Not just this E.O., every single thing Obama has done going back as far May.
I for one look forward to calling the people that support the designation hypocrites when they complain about colonialism...
Youre on the wrong side of history.
U r a shameless excuse for leadership and protection of ur beautiful state's landscape. Hx will not view u or ur party kindly
There must be oil there, or you wouldn't care.  We do not inherit land from our ancestors, we borrow it form our children.
Senator, I'm a Utahn and after careful consideration I can say I want the Monument.
To give it to your big oil (donors) owners?
Please 'free' the Bundy's so they may return home to the families!
I support BearsEars National Monument. I'm a Utahn.  My "will" is to let it be
Please DON'T, put public interests above private interests and preserve & protect! Voter in 84040.
@realDonaldTrump How about honoring the Native Americans and leaving the national monuments alone #BearsEars #GoldButte
Go away! This is what the tribes want. You and your ilk betray our lands to the highest bidder. #SnakeIntheGrass #DontheCon
this isn't the will of Utahns. Just the one side you choose to listen to.
you make your hatred of President Obama too obvious
it's quite incredible how conservatives can be wrong on every single issue.
how could more centralized power be better. Do you want Trump to have more Power than Obama did?
the point was that we don't need anymore of the country destroyed by drilling. We've destroyed enough
all your plastics,detergents,gas for car,fabrics and so much more come from oil. Do you want 2 go back 2 Stone Age?
what, like if the only way we could create energy was by burning stuff?
.@SenMikeLee Did you miss the part about the wishes of 5 Indian tribes with ancestral & spiritual ties to Cedar Mesa? #willofthepeople
: Creating a monument is too much power for a Prez! Undoing a monument is NOT too much power for a Prez. #hypocrisy #BearsEars
Instead of parceling off the Public's Land for Corporate Welfare, instead crusade 4 fair pay, healthcare, & clean environment.
Crusade 4 investigations on Russian influences on our Democracy & ferreting out all the Conflicts of Interest w/ Trump & Company
Utahans want our land to remain preserved for future generations, not privatized, despoiled & razed for short term profits.
maybe the will of the Utah voters should be to undo you!
Nope.
which is why I live in NYC 
why? That's OUR monument. Not just Utahans
sounds like you're working for what u want, not will of the people.
if the will of the people was to have this monument then why didn't Obama go through congress 4 permanent solilution?
It's the President who designates National Monuments, he doesn't need to go through congress.
and Trump won't have to either
Right just like any President he can't undesignate though.
of course he can. If court tries to stop it @GOP has majority & can pass anything thanks to Harry Reid
nice argument. Congress gave potus that ability and can take it away
Mike, do you REALLY not understand what the hell is happening to our country? Have you figured it out yet? You need to help.
yes Mike Lee understands there is too much power in Washington. This gives D.C. More power
I'm pretty sure ppl from Utah want their land protected instead of giving it away to corporations that'll get tax breaks anyway.
us people from Utah don't want Washington to have control. We would rather give it to the Native Americans than D.C.
Agreed the Natives should decide, but history has shown how that worked out. Govt intervention isn't bad in this case.
Washington doesn't have very good track record with Native Americans
Neither does leaving it up to the ppl. If I were Native American, I wouldn't trust any of us.
Obama's Bears Ears act will stand. Nothing you can do
Utahn here and the monument is very much what I want.
do my under what our Native American citizens do n utah do want. And the majority of the rest of us in Utah want
You remind me of the robber barons of old and a destroyer of the environment.
please. do.
Tribal leaders wanted this. I think you need to pay attention to those who elected you and not big oil.
because why preserve something God made so beautiful when you can allow it to be destroyed
You aren't listening to the natives in that area . LEAVE IT ALONE ! It's someone's homeland
are you upset becuz you in DC want  to do whatever you want with this sacred land
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 ALL federal land taking requires approval of state legislature!
Big Oil. You forgot to mention working with Big Oil to honor the will of Utahns in Bears Ears. #utpol
, we're certain you'll work tirelessly to continue to ruin the great lands of this country for future generations. No doubt.
I'm a Utahn and I support the Bear Ears Monument & @POTUS and would love a resignation from you bigots  who oppose
We should want to keep this important areas for future generations. Well done!
How about forcing the feds to relinquish ALL nonmilitary property in Utah
I am a Utahn also I think my Congressional delegation are idiots. I love #BearsEars Yeah! Obama.
I celebrate President Obama's action.  We immigrants need to respect the land & wishes of the Native Americans.
please spend your time doing something good for Utahns like fixing healthcare, education costs and clean air.
Pretty sure most Americans agree that fossil fuel exploration days are over, @SenMikeLee ...also it's 52 x 40 miles. why not protect nature?
you're already on the wrong side of history as most everyone in Utah wants these lands kept as national monuments.
You are  fool if you do.
. @SenMikeLee listen to your voters and not your sponsers
Why would you do that???  What's wrong with it??
.@SenMikeLee The majority of Utahns wanted this to be a monument. You are on the wrong side of history. Who bought you? #BearsEars #utpol
In honor of all Utah citizens? You are a fool.
as a Utahn, I am in favor of the national monument designation. I am opposed to your opposition.
This is the Natives' land. Quit crying.
why don't you work on fixing the healthcare mess that effects the whole country?
stop wasting your time and tax payer money. Work on things that need to be changed!
Utah wants these lands protected!
How do you work for its not the people?
I'm a Utahn very much in support of this monument
Utahns support this so you not speaking for them
Please name the individual Utahns who want to remove the monument designations.  Then name the corporations.
I don't want you to. I'm happy with the desig. I'm a voter & I've been there & it's a sacred place to my Navajo friends #utpol

President Obama declares Gold Butte in Nevada and Bears Ears in Utah national monuments. 
waaa waaaaa, you're a whiny baby
read the comments in the Tribune to learn the will of Utahns. Not your will but ours!
what a bunch of #bs tell the truth its about #corporateinterests and not the #people . #Americans want #cleanair #cleanwater
I support Bears Ears and very happy that @potus has taken the move to protect out beautiful lands for all to enjoy.
If you wanted to work with the Trump admin you should have started 6 mths ago.  Unfortunately you chose divisiveness.
Hey I thought you were working with @Evan_McMullin. @realDonaldTrump is not going to care about us in Utah because of YOU!
please crawl up 1 of those rock formations you're trying 2 exploit 4 greed & profit & stay until Trump's been impeached #dirtbag
#THIS UTAHN WANTS IT!!!!!!!!!!!
.@SenMikeLee Now YOU know how Native Americans felt when this land was  ripped away from them. Go drill your oil somewhere else. #NoDAPL
I am a Utahn, and I am grateful that the voices of those who wanted these lands to be protected have been heard.
The land belongs to all Americans, not just those who live nearby.  Protecting it is the right thing to do.
.@SenMikeLee looking at your mentions, you're not speaking FOR your people, Champ.
Maybe if you and your evil buddies would have treated Obama better you wouldn't haven't gotten this payback. You are the problem
Some presidents use monument designation as a way to limit ownership by Americans.
And I will financially support anyone who runs against you!
why did you work tirelessly to act b4 POTUS??? YOU KNEW THIS WAS COMING AND DID NOTHING. This was not a surprise.
work tirelessly on something else worthwhile. Something your constituents actually want.
good for you mike. You found your will to live. Undoing national monuments.... makes you an American hero.
Undo? Sure, let's destroy the beautiful land so oil companies can  make even more money. How much is your kickback? #No shame
The will of Utahns? You mean the will of #BigOil/#Trump/#Israel/#Putin.
go help destroy the Earth, drill for more Oil to sell outside the country, Drill as the earth gets gutted 4 your sick politics?
go ahead help destroy the Earth, drill for more Oil to sell outside
, REALLY? UNDO Obamas preservation of sacred sites, protecting areas in the Artic!Butes in Utah
1.35 mill acres.And,Gold But
Don't.
why? This is great news. Just leave it. Respect your presidents decisions.
I will work to make certain your chinless photo is protected in social media
@sltrib Good to know that you are finally going to go to work.
I think there should be a monument but Utah should designate it and it doesn't need to be over a million acres in size. Good job
WHAAAT?! Jesus Christ on a cracker! I thought "Now here's a GOOD NEWS story that no one will bitch&complain about!" But NOOOO.
I'm a voting utah resident and I support the monument designation. Back off Mike.
Why would you do that?
aren't there more productive things you could work on. Like mandatory minimum reform or hopping out of the oil industry's pocket
Honor the will of Utahns?  Don't you mean the will of yours and your friends?  Not my will.
Thank You!
why.
based on these responding tweets, I'd say you are on the wrong side.
Wow! That makes you a big man, and probably a Higglytown Hero, but you're still a lawyer...so
...
I'd worry about your job with tweets like this.
Oil Companies*
ONE word: #SELFish RATIONAL: #CronyCapitalism These landmarks are clearly NOT residential lands Let indigenous people LIVE!
I live in UT and you do NOT represent what the majority wants so why are you trying to be manipulative @SenMikeLee ??
I will work tirelessly to get you unseated
you've got this wrong. Utah wants #BearsEars you put Donors over voters again. I live here. Don't waste Utah!
why not - it's not like white folk have to honor any treaty with First Nations people. #undotheGOP
Not a single tweet about Russia interfering with American democracy. SHAMEFUL AND DISGUSTING. You should be removed from office.
The will of the people of UT is to preserve this land. Shouldn't you be outraged over Russian interference with Democracy?
..........Gonna hold you 2 this statement.........
everyone I talked to out there couldn't be happier? Isn't it a good thing to preserve monuments and wilderness? Why is this bad?
You do that and I'll move to your garbage state to vote you out.
don't forget #GoldButte that land is OUR land not Harry Reid's and NOT Friends of Good Butte
I am very happy about this monument. I don't think you know what Utah wants. You need to ask us before you decide for us.
@TbwoodsWoods Glad to hear!
So the majority population of San Juan County aren't Utahn-enough for you? Shame on you! #NativeVoicesMatter
To "undo" this designation is NOT the will of Utahns. Keep the designation and work the tribes to figure out the best mgmt
Impeach the #POSpotus @potus this is way over stepping his authority!And over stepping the intent of the law!
Good I am glad you are fighting back. This seizing of property from the gov has to stop
Hows it like knowing that you are a puppet to oil companies?
Not my will. Work on something meaningful. PS I'm in your district.
work on what people want, not corporations
I live in Utah and this national monument is our will. Thank you @POTUS!
Hope you lose
why be an ass?
YOU ARE ALOUSY CONGRESSMAN A SELLOUT TO BUSINESS & NOT WORKING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
don't waste your constituents time with bullshit battles they don't want you to win. You're out for your interests.
this sen shill needs 2 be investgated for his arrogant corruption!  #operationwhitecollar green light his azz up!  NoMercy4upunk
please don't.
Why? ...to what ends?
and thats why you ARE a failure!!
This ignorance of the subject matter of conservation is truly disgraceful, you are working to destroy the lands of America.
work tirelessly to fix something that matters, maybe air and education. quit wasting our tax dollars
Are you blind sir!! Its obvious you want to ruin these areas and just make money!! LEAVE THEM ALONE! Listen to the PEOPLE 4 once
how much did the fossil fuel industry pay for your soul?
I'm a Utahn...this is fantastic! Why don't you go work on that Trump/Putin thing...like real issues!!
.@SenMikeLee How much lobbyist money does it take for you to lie about "honoring the will of Utahns?". PC is over. Say "corporate masters"
ask the Native Americans for their opinion first
losing too much money?
Much, much, bigger fish to fry!  U are doodling on the edges. A non issue; a partisan fight that really is not needed.
ideologist gone wild. Unfortunately 22 days left to reek havok
I'm a Utahn and I 100% support this monument! You don't work for the people you work for big oil! Shame on you and #Herbert
Mike Lee, you're a real piece of work. Remember you work for us, so cut the shit.
how much $ do you get from fossil fuel industry? Oh yeah, I just looked it up.
@sltrib I am also a Utah and support Bear Ears....
Plz look into how or if #Tesla benefits by this and crucial #HorseSlaughter occurring 
on #taxpayers dime #BLM @SenMikeLee
@KUTV2News so if Trump declared this a new monument, you'd be cool with it right?
Shut Up Mike!
Time for u to get that oil money from special interests out of your butthole & actually stand for what's right. Can't expect that from GOP
