if you love America you risk your life for her. I did. You did not. You don't even know what the uniform feels like.
problem with you is you don't realize that independents vote. And you need them. Math issue bro. 2/2
your trying to appoint four liberal justices give yourself a shot for 2024 vp. Never. Ever. You will never 1/2
by then No guns anyway. Debt too high. I just get state job and day f it ! I tried. Ride the wave
dude the Internet is smoking you. Resign dude.
.@BillKristol1 @NRO @SenMikeLee Yes do the world a favor & disappear for awhile. Our plan is to relentlessly tease you #NeverTrumpers 
and that is if we win ! We lose Lee personally accountable
your ass got shut down mr trump got the votes let the people have there nominee
Do you want an "electorial college"??? Do you regard our citizens as "rabble"??? Is "the public" "rabble"???
You Sir are an idiot and say goodbye to your career. LOSER. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
you are on a Hillary commercial. (Utube advertisement ) 4 Supreme Court justices in play. You support Hillary Clinton.
you never served in the armed forces.
Thank you, Senator Lee!
Thank you for standing with Ted Cruz.
When will conservative republicans take back power from Reince and the RNC?
if Hillary apoints four Supreme Court justices. The American experiment is over. And the lee is responsible.
Since when do traitors like @SenMikeLee or @SpeakerRyan care about what we want?
Is this what "conservatism" means for "conservative" Republicans???
for all appearances, you want delegates to ignore the ballot box ..and that leaves all our citizens out of the vote.
watched buffalo NY news,the police wanted better weapons,their outgunned by our new enemy,your politics have made the cops
the cops have become soft targets, like the road system and power grid for Isis , turn on the news
He and Paul Ryan are one and the same. Traitors
Senator Lee ROCKED it out on floor of #RNCinCLE rules committee meeting in defense of constitutional rights of delegates!
in favor of delegates, but willing to disenfranchise the people, I am ashamed he is from Utah right now
get your resume updated because you're done.
He can now add traitor to his list of accomplishments.
Will forever think of you in negative terms now, and I am not alone!!!  I have voted Republican my entire life!  Fed up!!!
REPS ARE SUPPOSED to do the PEOPLES WILL! The people have spoken..loud & CLEAR! UNITE WITH US OR GET OUT OF OUR WAY!
delegates "right" to vote their conscience? they vote the ballot box ..and get together in caucus' to express concerns.
creep
Where was ur outrage with Obama & his forged govt docs? YOU r Complicit- All of Congress is guilty of Misprision of Treason
Do "conservatives" think drunkards and the stereotypes ridiculed on tv sitcoms show up at the ballot box??
Hillary will need a back rub to go along with your love vote for her.
Shame on you and #Cruz You two do not support the Republican party!!

You were stunning and brave just like Caitlin. Ken might have been triggered tho when he threw his credentials down and ran
former politician. Hillary commercials. Every time a Supreme Court issued a decision under Hillary.  I will call it Lee rul
.@NRO @SenMikeLee
Glad your self-serving cop out voting our conscience crap didn't work! You shame Republicans and Americans.
Give it up Mike and back our candidate
..you guys need to respect the voters...the fact that you don't seem able to should put you on the short list to removal.
you ordered to stay away from New Hampshire! Manchester Derry area. Barred!
do you fold your underwear into neat piles? Organize sock drawer by color? Just a guess. Creep factor 5 man
congratulations !   You made a Hillary Clinton commercial! You made history. One we never forget. Personal ambition. Sad
pussyboy I bet Senior Cruz was Lee Harvey's partner in crime.
you are a disappointment.
you ought to be ashamed of yourself.  Your disgusting efforts may lead to HRC winning. And you wonder why party is divided?
creep
no more shit. Never Lee!!!
ya right, this is all about the rules. We see you now. This was about TED Cruz. Lost my vote
Suck a WEENIE Mike Lee Hope YOU dont get reelected
No one wants Cruz get used to it
You are despicable. The voters made their choice and YOU should respect that. You are a disgrace! Shame on you.
How does it feel to commit career suicide? How does it feel to lose over and over again? We don't need you on our train.
The general consensus on this feed seems to be that you made a complete fool of yourself 2day. Couldn't agree more.
/ You made a fool of yourself at convention  You should have stayed home ! Everyone who wants to defeat DEMS should BLK U !
seems to me, that regulations derive from the laws passed by the Congress, and Congress should have power to approve them
Dude just get over it. Trump's the candidate stop making yourself look like an ass
the questions is, will we the people take power back from all u bought Washington POS. Go to Afghanistan & do ur time.
3/3 New Hampshire when it your time. Making sure every local knows what you did and the effect it has on there lives
be rewarded. I would rather see a scumbag socialist be elected before a scamming traitor. We be ready for you in Mancheste
I hope you're happy in your little senatorial position for Utah, because if you have UR sights on anything higher. NEVER
. Thank you Mike Lee for standing up for us!!  N pls don't ever endorce Donald Duck!  #NeverTrump  #StopTrump
u and Mia are are voted out next term. Hope it was worth it? #MAGA
@MittRomney = Hillghazi-electing frauds.
<- progressive crybaby.
What an embarrassment you made of yourself today. Back the nominee that we the people voted for. You look petty &childish.
You just convinced me to never support Cruz again. If he is the nominee in 2020 I will campaign against him.
You are ignoring American people be becoming against him. What kind of rule is that ?
the people you all represent voted TRUMP, get on board
What a recalcitrant childish stunt, you and yours go throw your tantrums elsewhere. Just go vote Hillary it's your end game
I dont believe one min that you are great friends w/Cruz & you dont know if he will be on ballet again! Typical politician!
So, you & the Utah delegation are looking for "compensation" from your party, interesting & not surprising. (Rigged system)
How is a closed primary in Colorado "fair"?
Voters in CO were not treated fairly. It's almost clandestine
give it up already. Unity or were stuck with HRC my kids can't take anymore poor selfish leadership
You talk unity! You & ur grp is NOT UNITY! We The Ppl have spoken! #WeWantTrump! PERIOD! Accept it!
- People voted - CRUZ LOST - ur trying 2 silence the vote of the majority
The INCLUSIVE RNC at it's best. Shameful!!!
Stop, DJT is the majority candidate, quit dividing the party, it's only helping Hillary
How embarrassing you were today.
Over for you!
RESPECT? What you don't respect is the Republican Voters
Watching you whine on TV is soooo embarrassing.  Sore loser!  Democracy is a foreign concept to you
traitor
@HillaryClinton loves regulation.  You apparently do not know this.
@JohnKasich  @KenCuccinelli R w/donors &illegals. Our jobs R taking away, NO security & U never created #NEVERObama Shame!
NO MORE $$$ 4U. U want 2disavow GOP grassroots voters. Shame on U! U & @JohnKasich R sick, hateful of grassroots GOP voters
how are we going to defeat Dems, huh?? Hillary would be a better president??
THIS IS BULLget over it! Trump won fairly.THE PEOPLES CHOICE. OUT WITH THE ESTABLISHMENT.STRENGTH IN UNITY.
What a dick you are!!
STOP being a spoiled BRAT!! # #TEDCRUZ lost!! Get over it!!
Hahahaha!!! What an embarrassment. You looked like a complete fool on the convention floor.
You sure showed what you are made of today Hope when you are up for relelction you get voted out
utterly disgusted by you, the people want @realDonaldTrump he won far /square will never vote now for @tedcruz in 2020
We will NEVER FORGET what you SABOTEURS TRAITORS tried to do. SHAME ON YOU. I supported you once. #ImmigrantsForTrump
You and Ted have disgraced us.
shame on you!!!!!
shut up and stop!!!!!!!   You're handling this to Hillary. Idiot!! You have blood on your hands.
Why not boo everything till they give you a roll call vote?
why not admit you lost and move on?
You and Cruz stop your takeover attempt of CLE convention Cruz didnt win get over it
Leave the floor, No Vote . Trump Trump Trump. You're Done
your Never Trump Movement is over, Done. Go away and hope you have a politely career after this. I'm ashamed to be Rep
you need to leave the floor Sir, no vote you idiot
Too bad many of his GOP colleagues are laydowns. 
https://twitter.com/nro/status/753789964563812353 …
@NRO @instapundit @SenMikeLee
.@SenMikeLee's proposal to take back control of the regulatory machine: http://bit.ly/29zOWDI 
What bullshit. The"principled" Conservatives have had control of congress for how many years now and done nothing. #trump
This loser needs to stop crying. Enough already. His efforts to throw a wrench into nominee process have failed. Stow it.
How will Mormons respond when known TCruz has ties to secret combination CFR & as pres would further unconstitutional NAU?
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Maybe ur safe 4 reelection in Utah, maybe not. Denying the will of the people's a dumb move. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #NeverNeocon
LOSER!
"Lee, a Cruz ally and the highest ranking elected official on the Rules Committee, lost every battle he waded into.
Regulators are gonna regulate.  The best thing to do is cut their budgets.  Eliminate their whole agencies.
i have lost all respect for you..your tantrum runs old and tired..i hope ur voted out of office
you are embarassing all of us!  #tedcruz
@tedcruz Vote both of these idiots out You #StopTrump #FreeTheDelegates coup failed. We all saw you Lee #TrumpTrain #MAGA
starting with DOL
Short Seller Lee!
yeah he'll get like 3 people to agree with him, the rest will fold like sheets on laundry day. 3 may be generous.
I posted your tweet on my website at http://www.rebelmouse.com/elvincan2  http://rbl.ms/1SHSbIH 
Mike Lee is dead to me now. Used to be my favorite senator. Too stupid to realize he is trying to elect evil Hillary
ya i'm certain he was your favorite, not.
he actually was you fool. Like his constitutional stance. But see he is too stupid to lead.
taking 1 away isn't enough, the system needs 95% complexity reduction and "gradient optimization" models are much better.
YES!
