@SenTedCruz still want to know which states defected with the roll call vote at the national convention.  #NotForgotten
Congratulations to Sen Mike Lee on his reelection.
ughh!
When is it never about you, mike lee?
We The People will never, ever forget that you, sir, are a turncoat who put self before the America I love!
@burrbunch  And will you b working with or against President Trump?
He's a republican senator. There's no such thing as working against an elected POTUS @SenMikeLee @burrbunch
Lots didn't back Mr.Trump even though he was the nominee by the vote of the ppl.My question was valid
@MFEUZ3 I live in VA so don't have a Sen who represents me, therefore, would like to adopt Sen Lee. PS - Repeal the 17th Amend
Congratulations on your office!
Congrats, SEnator. Now stay away from Glenn Beck.
but u didn't support the head of the ticket.  Not forgotten.
Well done, congrats!
Yay Mike.
Congratulations.
congratulations Senator Lee!  Roll up your sleeves and get ready start fixing this great country. #RepealReplace

Congratulations!! We need you and appreciate the job u have always done for Americans #tcot #myvote2016 #MakeDCListen
Thankful you will be able to continue in the Senate! Congrats!
betrayal?  I have not pledged  allegiance to a man trump I have pledged allegiance America and especially to God
you deserve every good thing that happen to yo Congrats
please protect the constitution always
Keep fighting brother!
need more like you and @SenTedCruz
congratulations on your win and as an American I hope I can see you on the bench someday even though I know you don't want it
Now, we GAVE YOU our TRUST ! We would like to see you do something "Exceptional" To help YOUR people. Find one important thing !
I worry more about Mike than Trump. He has sold out!
we owe them thanks as well.
You do a great job, Mike.  Now help the next President.
delete your account
THANK YOU for your hard work! Be safe, let's say a prayer before the beginning of the day - GOD BE WITH US ALL
you're a Dumpster fire
Congratulations Senator. America wins with you.
@SquiresDPS no more patriot act
Congratulations, sir. Now is the time for a Conservative Evolution. 1 step at a time.
you were #NeverTrump from beginning, and stuck to your guns. You won my vote off that alone. Here's to 6 years of improving 
Go get 'em @SenMikeLee! Happy to help send you back to DC.
*note
great. Now take not on who we elected POTUS. Do your job or get to step n next election. U got my vote this time. Maybe not next
bravo you and Ted Cruz have led the fight in the Senate for decent values and justice. Keep up the momentum and God bless you
Yeah that was a tough race you had.
Congrats Mike..we were praying for you!!
Congratulations, Senator Lee. Glad you are back in the Senate.
Congratulations and thank you for being a voice for conservatives. Now, hold the new non conservative prez's feet to the fire.
congrats, sir!
I do wish you had encouraged other Utahns to vote for Evan with you! I do understand you had more at stake. Thanks for voting!
Congratulations Mr. Lee. I am proud of you.
@The_Real_Dust All Americans are honored by your service
congrats  from Texas.
Mr. Lee, please use this as an opportunity to push for term limits and balanced budget amendments.
Go get 'em.
I was very happy to see you will be returning to DC with @SenRandPauI
Mike we are proud to have you represent us. Keep up the great work.
@kearlpatriot Stay #NeverTrump. You're voice will be more important than ever.
Big Congratulations! You and @SenTedCruz continue to hang tough!!
Congrats! Glad a moral man like you won again.
@realDonaldTrump won Utah, too!
Time to shine now.
Proud to vote for you. You and Ted have the biggest balls of all 
@mkibbe congrats Mike!
Congrats Senator! We need you.
congrats sir. Big supporter in Texas. So glad to see you in the senate
@ShannonJoyRadio maybe you can see your way clear to support the guy who wanted to honor you w/SCOTUS nod
congratulations! Keep earning our votes!!
You deserve it
Will you caucus with the RINO Dindu Nuffins?
good luck, senator Lee! Let's move this country forward for all citizens.
Congrats, Mike!
Mike Lee for President!!!
you have people across this entire nation of ours who are glad you are there fighting for us all. Thank you sir.
thank you for all your hard work!
Now that we have voted we pray that you guys will listen to all of US and do our business and work together.
congrats mike!
Congratulations, Senator Lee!!
that's nice.  What can you offer to the people of Utah?
God bless you. Now let's move on to Article V Convention of States.
. @SenMikeLee @MistyKSnow is a better candidate
@senmikelee - did you support @realDonaldTrump? No!
Congratulations Sir! Make us proud #GOP
Congratulations Senator! Hold that Red line! I am proud to call you a fellow American!
Congratulations!
excellent!!!
@burrbunch We are honored to have you continue to Serve us
so happy for you and the support you got from the people of Utah tonight! We love you and everything you stand for!!!
congratulations!
Congrats on your re election! Trump 2016
congrats Sir!
I voted for you. Keep Trump in line please (as well as you can). Keep speaking out!
congratulations Mike!
congratulations
Well deserved victory
Amen!
Now about that pending Supreme Court appointee #DoYourJob
if that is a victory speech, congrats
Congratulations on the win. You've got another chance to help get Congress working again.
Congratulations. 
@sltrib
@freedomtex Congrats Senator!
congrats senator! Nice to have you coming back
I voted 4u still am disgusted w/u for ur behavior about Trump the slap in the face still stings I worked w/man worse no choice$$
You're a good man Mr. Lee. Keep up the good work.
You are the best candidate in the country.
Great win sir!
congratulations!!
congrats mike! God bless you!!
we want you on the Supreme Court mike! You are the voice of the people!
Please stop Trump from doing anything too crazy.
We can sure rely on him for that.
glad you were reelected Senator
@sltrib who put these holes in my belt?
YES! Now who can we get for our 2nd senator?
Ted Cruz and Mike Lee for SUPREME COURT!
@sltrib You don't represent me. I'm disappointed you are going back to DC.
so very happy your still my Senator. Your a great defender of our constitution and bill of rights.
What a relief for our Country - we need you there!  @SenMikeLee
Just back Donald Trump.  That's all we ask.
Supreme Court
Glad you're returning, Senator!
thank you. Sen Lee you and my Sen Cruz are the bestest
congrats Senator
you have the house the senate and the white house now stop making excuses and do the work of the peopke
congratulations.
doNT LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE. PLEASE. THINK OF ANY KIND POC OR LGBT+ MEMBER YOUVE EVER MET. DONT RUIN THEIR LIVES. PLEASE.
congratulations! Keep fighting the fight, we love your dedication.
@sltrib I hope you choose to address our dire need to tackle the terribly harmful climate issues. To our economy, health, image.
The only climate issue is the fog in your head
keep fighting the good fight Senator Lee. Thank you from Ohio
Use your time wisely...you have been entrusted again.
congratulations!
Congratulations Senator Lee!!!
get a good supreme court justice!!!!!!! Please confirm a good one
.. Loved your interview with Mark Levin..   :)
congratulations Senator!
Truly one of the best US Senators in America. You are responsive & stay in contact with your constituents. Thank you!
what a night.#keeponkeepingon
I am from Iowa and send a big congratulations to you! we need more conservatives in the Senate!
congrats!
