if you vote for ppl on terrorist watch lists the ability to get powerful weapons, you are literally asking them to kill people.
Well, you did block Flint from getting help allowing more lives to be ruined and more people to be poisoned.
Our Republican Governor is responsible for poisoning us and Republican Mike Lee single-handedly blocked our help
Thank you for standing by the Constitution, & therefore, the people.
I am extremely grateful for everything you do to protect the rights of American citizens. Thank You.
Thank you Sen. Lee for standing up for the Constitution!
keep strong. We the people stand with you.  Don't listen to the liberals. We will prevail !!
why are you withholding a vote on people that served your country at great threat to themselves & family? Are you a psychopath?
Stand on the side of right and founders, 7 years of traitors will not be forgotten
Keep up the good fight sir. Maybe people in AZ will wise up & #RetireMcCain
no, McCain is great and we don't cater to intellectually and morally bankrupt politicians
<@JimLWeaver1 ~ just keep fighting for the True Conservative ~√
I agree with you 100% Sen Lee - My senator @LindseyGrahamSC is way off here as is @SenJohnMcCain
"When you try to protect constitutional rights, you're accused of wanting to kill people" YES, YOU ARE ENABLING THAT
Thank you Senator for taking the fight to the Senate. Continue to defend our rights.
it's not a constitutional right to own an assault weapon for personal use. The 2nd AMENDMENT is just that. An amendment.
not if you're a Republican defending military rapists
@ACUConservative Please, keep fighting the good fight for the rest of us. #2A
maybe this has a little to do with it? http://ipatriot.com/2016-campaign-oligarchy/ …
There's no "want" about it. You enabled the guy. You are complicit.
@KockaAnnette Good guys come in last. Keep fighting for us. Thank you!
( Hillary said that the unborn don't have constitutional right))..., looks like no ones saying high to her in heaven...,
please help with afghans SIV applicants to extend and increase visas for SIV program to safe their lives from Taliban nd ISIS
@JRGrayThunder Thank you @SenMikeLee for your hard work and for protecting the Constitution
YES, YES, YES! SenLee is one of a tiny handful that we sent to DC who's retained his integrity & kept his promises.
You are killing the Progressive destruction of America, and always know you are not alone, we are here Thank you so much!
Keep fighting the good fight. You are definitely surrounded by ineptness and poor leaders.
hahahahaa you said constitution hahaahhaha like you have read it hahaha you and cruz went to the same school im sure
Ditto Sen Lee! An aside, I wanted Cruz as our Pres and now we CANNOT HAVE HILLARY! RNC change parties or support our nominee!
90% of DC needs to be replaced.
OH, WOW!...
HMMMM!...
@truckster1
SO frustrating 4U

@SenateMajLdr says U & @TedCruz R not welcome in his CONSTRUCTION CAUCUS
@truckster1

Hold hem accountable 4 MISPRISON OF TREASON
We are PAYING them to guard the constitution
SUPREME COURT 2016 #TRUMP. Lets do this!
@RestoreHistory #neicons
I don't get how you and others remain so  calm in the face of all the inanity.
Big scary picture of alwaki as example that conditions have changed... Alwaki was killed a year before the 2012 NDAA
Thank you for subjecting yourself to the slings and arrows - SO good to see someone working to protect the rights of the people
Yea, we know..but Conserv such as myself R doing our best to keep repeating the truth to reject lib brainwashing lies..Love ya
@Stand4Liberty_ Or considered extreme!
whoa... exactly why are Graham and McCain trying to block your amendment? (Warning: McCain was disturbing)
When you compare Trump with Hillary & don't endorse him,you're not following the constitution-We The People choose not Senators
Elvira, pretty sure the constitution does not require professing allegiance to tyrants, which is what Trillary are.
What? Can you read? Who's the tyrant, Trump?  The constitution says WE THE PEOPLE are the govt, not the Senators.
Trump tyrant for wanting to stop big govt corruption?  Open your eyes--we have a UNI Party! Lee talks,Trump performs!
I see quite clearly. Trump IS big gov corruption. $Millions donated to hack politicians, 40+years, including to Hillary
Are you that stupid? Look up Trump's donations as businessman. You must be a liberal & WONT WASTE MY TIME on you.
Riiight...I'm a liberal for being angry with Trump, for BEING a liberal HIS entire life; brilliant logic; THINK, Mcfly!
McCain and Graham are 2 of the 19 trillion problems with the federal government
dude you are everything wrong with arizona
Go figure!
TLDW, but your word is gold with me.
@SenMikeLee
.@SenMikeLee when you state someone's nationality you are called racist. What is wrong with Republicans?
