You were ONLY reelected cuz we wanted Pres.Trump to have a majority Senate & House, so you DAMN well better work with him!
Not the one you think. Did you bump your head or something? Or cowtowing to Trump? There went your credentials.
I dealt with obama! And you need to watch your language!
ok hypocrite
Don't serve the top 1% and STOP Sleazytrump from his big plans to use the office to enrich himself.
if a bill has more than ONE bad sentence, the whole bill is poisoned and should be  sent back and reexamined or dropped !
Not sure what conservative means anymore - I agree w/Trump & always thought I was conservative - seems there r 2 factions
There isn't one thing you can name that would ever equate Trump with being a Conservative, Christian Woman!
Never Trump's leave me alone please
after a drastic Left admin, let's ease back with @realDonaldTrump into what is right. #conservatism. TY
Trump is not conservative and he doesn't care about the Constitution. But I think you know that.
Depends if your definition of conservatism includes kleptocracy. If not, you backed the wrong candidate.
If conservatives don't take a "freedom first" approach, it will bite them in the ass when the pendulum swings back.
Good governance should be the goal. That is affected by political philosophy, but not sure we need to recognize a manifesto
Uh... NO! If Trump offers conservative solutions, I'll support. If he offers left wing solutions, oppose. 1 day at a time.
a compromise in the middle?Progress toward a solution? Why does everything have to be black&white?
Another gay-obsessed 'stright man'. 
@ConcrndFthrPrep @SenMikeLee
Investigate trump's connection with Russian interference in US election #InvestigateTheVote #WeWantBetter
Trump has been right about everything. FOLLOW his lead
honestly, rather be with a thinking party who can disagree, at times, and still manage to work it out. Let's do it. @NRO
i think, we all think, therefore, hire them all from different points of view, and make it work! @NRO
"principled populism"? No thanks. I have always preferred conservatism and am now moving towards libertarianism.
1 Recession
2 Inflation
3 Senior loss of Medicare & SS
4 Higher unemployment
5 War with Iran
6 Final Econ collapse
Trump does not understand our Constitution, so you are saying that this populist rebellion will turn to authoritarianism.
how about we quit spending money on stupid stuff.
Should play ALL parts-my guess tho is small; DT has little relationshp w/ constitution so conservativsm cant be counted on.
: ABSOLUTELY NOT. NO SUCH THING AS 'CONSERVATIVE POPULISM.' NOW, CONSTITUTIONAL CONSERVATIVES MUST BE STRONG; STAY THE COURSE.
Republicans should back away from social programs too. They should ride the populism to gain support for reform.
Bigger part than the progressives or dems who put him there
For Trump and his cronies, conservatism is just a stalking horse.
The role of any conservative should be to destroy populism.
The most important: Leaders who FOLLOW God and the unalienable rights He provides to protect U.S. and defend Constitution.
did he hire a conservative? I must have missed it
1. While I like the ideas of separation of powers and local governance, Republicans need to do more to make sure ALL
2. ...Americans are represented in government. Gerrymandering and obstacles to voting must be addressed.
Policies aren't the concern. His mental status and Russian ties are. His complete inability to maintain self control...
Curriculum follows test. Teachers teach to test. Tests promote leftist dogma. Free states to write yr-end tests. No to BDV
Basic role is when Trump makes a decision,I&my family will stand by him even if I/we do not like it.I trust Trump's jdgemnt
Delusional.
.@SenMikeLee @NRO why not stick with conservatism?
all depends which side of the swamp they were from.
None. Not an ounce.
that depends on how hard ppl like you, Cruz,  & Cotton work.
by conservation you mean solidifying the power of religion and furthering the oligarch?
Will play? None. He's a big government, paternalistic, delusional authoritarian.
none! Libertarianism FTW!
Conservatism=Constitution First  Limited Fed Gov Lower Taxes Strong Military Secure Borders National Security Deregulation
Think he is capable of deciding that.  Just, stay out of his way; but, support his initiatives.
Plz keep a tight lid on this guy.I don't lead a fearful life but am very concerned Rep congress will kowtow to him.
Populist sizzle must include Conservative Steak. Trump Tweets R sizzle. Yuval's BTWS essay as DT Fireside Chat USDA steak.
I think the article makes some good points. The question is, will Trump embrace someone else's ideas for solutions?
Best case: DT has wit & advice to do Fireside Chat using Yuval's BeyondtheWelfareState essay as script. Aspirational vision
Brexit/Trump/France's Fillon. Right side of Hx bending 2ward Yuval's Constructive Nationalism & Your Principled Populism?
I say we lose our fraternity and focus on doing what is right. Push for our principles without worrying about the labels
The Trump Pence team should steal Joe manchin from the Democrats
Populism=tyranny of the majority.  Restore the constitutional republic!  #ArticleOneProject + #COSProject= the way forward
Great article, I agree with you. I hope Trump proves to be principled and conservative. 

You should be senate majority leader
true conservatives will be a Sword of Damacles
None at all because no one in Washington actually knows what " Conservative" means anymore.
According to what is called conservativism what has NRO-Ryan-McConnell conserved? All Soros' puppets
NO NEED FOR YOUR 2 CENTS GO AWAY.
Keep a close watch on Trump Foundation & conflicts of interest. Ensure only CONSERVATIVE issues are passed. exam SCOTUS nom
Isn't populism using the power of the federal government to treat one group more favorably than another? Not conservative.
Constitutional Conservatism should be the hallmark of the Trump administration.
I think you should be the next Supreme Court Justice!
as much as possible
Hopefully no role if it's the "conservatism" that hasn't gotten anything done even w/ both houses of Congress. #AllTalk
Unlike you mr Lee I think there is a place for all ideas if they are good, doesn't matter who they come from. Respect Trump
You should be named to Supreme Court.
Agree, it should have been Mr.  Trumps first priority to ask Mr. Obama to withdraw his nominee and nominate Sen. Mike Lee.
Well, he claimed to be one. A bunch of conservatives held their noses and voted for him.
