MIKE LEE...WE ARE TRUMP! You don't like him?? YOU DON'T LIKE US! GET IT?WE VOTE U OUT!!
Guess what Mike Lee. If Trump wins or loses u will be out! We remember u!
Trump is a moron.  Lee is the man.
Sounds like Drumpf Nan, not Lee.
Brave Nancy, blocks me after this useless tweet.  Trumptard COWARDS.
if you weren't privileged kid. Do you think you would be making more than minimum wage?
all conservatives in utah want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by voting Trump, don't be such a baby! Endorse Trump ,be a man!
You really don't know Utah lol. I don't know one democrat in Utah, I also don't know one Trump supporter. We don't vote D.
Utah is the most beautiful state,mother nature blessed Utah!Trump wants to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Vote for Trump !
lol no thanks
so far you said he has to prove himself as far as the ones that voted for Trump you haven't proven anything
Your rant against Trump proves you want HRC elected. How can you call yourself an American? How can you support her?
Remember the name Mike Lee (Mitt mouthpiece) so he never gets reelected again.
Traitor to the GOP & Trump hater.
who'd ve  known. TED Cruz has a best friend.
If HIllary wins, you along with the rest of the GOP TRAITORS can take credit for it, not Trump. You're all hypocrites to USA
Once u were one of the rare politicians many of us respected & now u've turned out to be one of the biggest fraudsters #ShameOnU
Want to know HOW U SLEEP at night? Remember UR CONSTITUENT ZaneThurber murdered by illegal alien? U still defend illegal immigr?
Both the bank and the Senator need to answer some questions about this deal. Here’s what the public deserves to know: fill in US
did you show the people where @realDonaldTrump hurt your feelings?
Question:why no call out for the PR bailout bill? 5th amendment now suspended? This is not conservative ....
Hey Mike, which Supreme court judges will uphold the constitution better.. Hilary's or Trumps? Get over yourself
I would suggest your popularity just took a massive nosedive, but I suspect you were never popular to begin with.
Here's a question for you. What happened to you? Thanks for helping to get Hillary elected. With friends like you...
U attack #Trump2016/praise lying socialist fraud @SenWarren? WHO do u work for? NOT AMERICAN PPL & NOT ur constituents. ShameOnU
Are you really a republican?
People like you are going to help HRC get elected. The AMERICAN people have chosen the nominee. Grow up.
We know you don't like Trump personally, but Hillary wants to put "Coal miners out of work." These are your people, Mike. @SenMikeLee
my brother-Do you see that no one, not even PRO-LIFE have the courage to ask doctors for opinion.BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY 1 ANSWER#1
if you can't support the people's nominee you don't need to represent the people
yeah what are you going to do once you guys loose the House/Senate you keep bad mouthing Trump that's what will happen
Why aren't your supporting the nominee?  Establishment jerk.
Trump doesn't have to prove anything to you. He's the Republican Nom. PERIOD. You and Romney can kiss our azz!
So disappointed in you!
@realDonaldTrump Trump would still win by landslide w/out Reps!Dems & Bernie's ppl who won't vote Rep.will vote 4 Indie Trump!
perfect question time.. Why did you say that Mormons are scared of Trump? https://youtu.be/jxjzQJAdaYM 
Why is it you coward back stabbing wanna be Gop hate your Gop nominee? He was elected by the people your suppose to serve!
When  will  this constant drum beat of absurdity end?
leads to fascism.  unchecked accepted by the masses.
When will the soft tyranny end. A constant drum beat of abs
and if we find out you are part of this (trying to steal the nomination from Trump) you may need to find another job.. God Bless
YOU need to support TRUMP and help us defeat Hil... I have supported you and stood up for you before.. Time to move and UNITE!
I HAVE A comment..YOU need to get on board and support our Republican Nominee, TRUMP! time you all get over cruz losing. Enough
Mike please wake up to Trump nomination. He assures Hillary the win! Fight now to #FreeTheDelegates at GOP convention!
u are one of my favorite Senators but ur comments on #Trump are disgusting. Join the party or my $$ goes to ur defeat.#Trump2016
if supported you and Cruz financially but this nonsense has to stop, support our candidate or I will fight for your defeat.
you don't see Democrats attacking their candidate but us Republicans attack our own. If you continue I'll stop giving money
we as a GOP Party chose Trump. I would have supported Cruz if he won but he didn't. I wouldn't bash Cruz bcuz he wasn't my guy
if you don't like Trump then shut up. No reason you have to go out and talk bad and add to the media fire on Trump.
mittens tell u to trash talk trump?
honestly Mike Lee as a Conservative Republican I am disappointed you can't speak positively on Trump and choose to speak bad.
I supported both u & Lyin Ted in your Senate runs. Via @SCF. I regret that, now. No #Trump2016 endrsmnt? No more $/support 4 u 
you are a huge disappointment not supporting #Trump. Hope you are defeated when ur time is up.
CONGRESS FOR REPUBLICANS WILL NEVER BE SAVED CAUSE YOU ARE NOT A TEAM PLAYER. IMAGINE IF IT WAS YOU. BUT IT WILL BE ONE DAY.
Just remember millions of voters have long memories. You are not a man of God for what your doing. You are a hyprocrit. TRUMP
why won't you endorse @realDonaldTrump when the Supreme Court hangs in the balance?
If you and cruz wanted to run then should of unsuspend campaigns. Not right to think you can take it away at convention. TRUMP
I didn't know you and cruz think you can walk on water. must be hard to be so holy but so evil. Trump won fair and square..
this is what you'll get with 8yrs of #Killary so keep up the good work #NeverTrumpers
are you going to let @HillaryClinton get elected by the #NeverTrump it's not about your hurt feelings it about this COUNTRY
I am a Trump supporter. I want a strong commander in chief.I don't care if he fluffed your delicate politically correct feathers
. My question is WHY R U sabotaging the Presidency and ensuring a corrupt ego maniac @HillaryClinton wins? Something in it for u
@realDonaldTrump VOTERS ARE OUT OF JOBS THANKS TO YOUR DECISIONS! MAKE AMERICA AND ITS PEOPLE GREAT AGAIN!! We pay you ur CHECK!
@realDonaldTrump Also it's the same voters that put you in the Sen. They can easily change that. We are fed up with what you Rep
@RepMiaLove @jasoninthehouse Serve God & Oppose SATAN'S Power Over US: W-@LDSchurch @DeseretNews SPEAK-https://twitter.com/jonnyricola/status/748260598475980800 …
Here's my question. Why did you lie on the radio & say Trump accused the old Commie Cruz of killing JFK? He didn't say that!!!
Trump accused Rafael Cruz of being part of the Conspiracy to kill JFK. Mike Lee isn't Lying.
You are dumb if you believe that crap. Stop listening to Alex Jones.
<<<< Muted for being Alex Jones Jr
You have 2 choices. Trump or Hillary.
yeah I do you say you can't vote Hillary but you will vote for a bigot if he says the right things?  How Fucked up are you?
how petty is Mike Lee,he puts his feelings before America's best interests?you sounded like a child,stopping Hillary is our goal
Supporting murderous Clinton foundation propped up by King Abdullah much?
Why does the GOP keep helping the rich sh*t on America? How much do you hate us?
Yes, if Trump loses, will GOP continue to f*** America and the middle class?
If you don't like Trump, you shouldn't have helped the GOP f*** America over past several years
GOP is hated because GOP has no intention to quit screwing the middle class. #Trump2016
So you're helping Hillary, Ryan, and Chamber rape the middle class? Why do you hate us?
why do you support Hillary? With fewer votes in primary there is no way Cruz can win now and you know it
You say U support our American Constitution! Well, get off your high horse & get behind our Nominee and protect the Supreme Ct!
Don't use Cruz 4 your un-Amer attitude! TC told his followers & Amer so many lies U can't count them! Gov isn't the boys club!
@conservatismtlk @CNN Mike Lee supports Heidi Cruz wealth management lead at Goldman Sachs
@conservatismtlk @CNN @SenMikeLee LOL it's hysterical to see you and your butt buddy Mike desperate for Goldman Sachs money
why are you desperate for Goldman Sachs to win the whitehouse?
DT ? MSM why they weren't talking abt the story on TC father in the Enq & that was after Cruz was calling DT
unthinkable things!
why do you support Goldman Sachs ownership of this country?
You're not one of his constituents. I am. Myob.
You think I'm the government? 
If you don't like him, don't vote for him. Easy peasy.
If you must be a Trumplike crybaby.
I hope you endorse Gary Johnson and Bill Weld! #teamgov
Time to primary you out of office.
Great to see some Repubs still have moral backbone and stand up for the Constitution. DT is very very dangerous & clueless. 
~ .....(Cont)... Have you thought about the repercussions this would have on 2nd Amendment rights, if democrats are a majority?
~ The next POTUS will immediately appoint a new justice to the Supreme Court, and possibly 5 more within his/her term. (Cont)...
What assurance from Donald Trump would be sufficient? Do Vince Foster theories have more credibility than Cruz-Kennedy ones?
~ Although you don't "endorse" Trump, will you be voting for him?
No. Just want to say YOU'RE AWESOME!
yeah he wants Hillary to win so Goldman Sachs and Mrs Ted Cruz can keep running this country.
what a pathetic human u r ! Hillary is anti constitution but yet u can't support Trump because he insulted ur friends daddy! Aww
what a petty little whiner u r! go vote for Hillary, we the people will vote u out! "Trump made fun of my best friends dad " ohh
Why is the attorney general meeting with Bill Clinton at this time?What are you going to do about this?
You are pro-life-Roe vs. Wade
is a SCI-BASED @USSupremeCourt DECISION-& never got
SCI-CONSENSUS Will YOU
Petition to ask doctors&Scientists for their Expert opinion.WillUsignIT? @NelsonRussellM @USSupremeCourt
https://community.sumofus.org/petitions/ask-doctors-phd-life-science-experts-when-does-life-begin-survey?source=twitter-share-button …
Sen. Lee would you ask PRO-LIFE Doctor/Sen. @RandPaul- To lead SCI-TRUTH
I'm listening your your comment on Angelos Drug pardon-Review=
@CivilRights Know-filed proofs w-3Fed Judges ProvesOBSTRUCTION-https://twitter.com/jonnyricola/status/746016348921204736 …
Maybe I am wrong Sen.Lee & @SenOrrinHatch SignIT
how can someone be a so called "conservative" and give Hillary Clinton the Supreme Court? #alwayshillary
how's it feel to have sold your soul to the devil? (Drumpf) #utpol #leetownhall
feels great
500 million for climate change slush fund voted in by Republicans. WHY WHY WHY?
