Good idea @SenMikeLee. Former prosecutor Merrick Garland for FBI Director is great idea. Need special prosecutor too
https://twitter.com/senmikelee/status/862660636903387136 …
You guys are hired to protect the people from all enemies foreign and "domestic"; however, you remain silent when Trump infringes on norms.
That's the military. He is hired to keep safe the rule of law and a constitutional republic.
https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/common/briefing/Oath_Office.htm …
People like George sorors who pays to have such people put into those places.
I'm just pointing out that you were completely wrong. You can talk about George Soros if that's your effort at deflection.
I am thinking you want lee to get Trump out of office. If I am wrong then please tell me.
I want Lee to force the Congress to respect the Constitution. Trump is not a dictator. These unilateral decisions are actions of a tyrant.
These guys say nothing! If Obama did even 1/10th of what Trump does he would have been tarred and feathered. This is getting out of control
It's no longer about partisanship...it's about the preservation of democracy. It's not about policy differences, it's about DEMOCRACY!
Glad you have confidence because majority of Americans do not. We are becoming an authoritarian society, negating the constitution.
please do not tow the political line with the FBI. People trust you b/c you have always stood on principle  don't give in
it's naive to think the russians simply collected bad things from just the DNC.
Have you been compromised by what was found on your private emails?
This is some high stakes "ransom ware"
why else would you say such a ridiculous thing?
complying?  by FIRING the cop who was assigned to investigate your case
that's being a dictator comrade
Might be as awful of an idea as o ever heard, maybe you can ask Obama for some advice,  a #CIA puppet who ruined pretty much everything
Sorry, but putting a Dem in for FBI would be a stab in back 2 Trump. We need someone who is tough & cannot be bought by Clinton's.No Garland
Ladies and Gentlemen- you better act soon. Rule of Law must prevail and November. 2018 iscoming fast .Country before party!
Are you KIDDING? Garland??  NO WAY! That's a BONE for Dems to play ball! @POTUS needs to pick the BEST PERSON 4 the job!
Garland  would be awesome
..Judge Garland is not stupid. He is not about to give up a lifetime appointment for a position as the FBI director..
No special prosecutor!
Where is Sen Mike Lee today? USA needs clarion voices supporting principles of democracy and rule of law.
Geez At one time I had great respect for you, Sen Lee.  Now you want to create more problems for us by throwing Garland into D mix. Fail
When you write up the articles of impeachment can you do a two for one & include Pence, too? Might as well be efficient. Thanks in advance!
And exactly what law has Trump/Pence broken? Oh wait- you wanted the deceit queen in! Sorry. She'll be in jail if truth prevails!
Merrik Garland??? For the sake of bi-partisanship? Since when did you worry about that? Garland as FBI chief? HELL NO! Enough with liberals!
Where is the OUTRAGE over Obama's illegal surveillance of Presidential candidates, why aren't you & republican pursuing a special prosecutor
Let's let President Trump pick the new FBI director. Instead of telling him what to do. How about a little support @KellyannePolls
Utah vote this idiot out what a dnc puppet
The time is now. We need answers. I am one of your constituents. 2018 won't forget.
Vote .@SenMikeLee out #Utah voter's wake up he's not for #AmericaFirst .@GOP .@TeaPartyOrg .@GOPChairwoman .@realDonaldTrump
How can a fellow #teapartier you put @realdonaldtrump over Country?  SenMikeLee nor @tedcruz has. lying @vp who vowed to Repeal #obamcacare
Tang drinkers 
I love Tang - but why does the #teapartier like you still support spendaholic estabishment lover like Trump?
I DO NOT support @realDonaldTrump I threw my GOP card in the trash after he bullied his way to win the nomination. Hope this clarifies 
Got it - you had me worried!  :)
Does Garland protect our Constitution...most specifically 2A? If not, then it is a NO! to Garland.
Or IF you sound like a RINO now. I hope you are voted out. #MAGA
Merrick Garland?  Really?  Someone proposed by Obama for the SC?  Geez!  The idea is to get conservatives in high places!!
Garland for FBI Director is the most retarded white flag cuckhold bullshit I've ever known.  A zero experience, Democrat lawyer?  WTF, over?
Actually it's not we didn't vote republicans in to cave 2 democracts. No Garland he's a candy ass wimp !
Yeah just had a lawyer run the FBI don't need another one.
And we didn't vote for spineless GOP to give in to democrats. Cold day in hell before Garland gets the nod
You're trying so hard to get the left to "like" you.. when will u learn they are your enemy .. we voters see it --why can't u??
YOUR SUBVERSIVE TALK IS DETRIMENTAL2 REPUBLICAN PARTY. WE DON'T WANT U BECAUSE WE KNOW RUSSIA STORY IS 100% BOGUS. COLLUSION = OBAMA CLINTON
WHY ARE U RETWEETING WHAT A DEMOCRAT SAYS ABOUT THE FBI PICK?  COME ON RHINO -- U STILL HATE TRUMP? OR ALL OF US WHO ARE GOP? UNBELIEVABLE
IT'S REPUBLICANS LIKE U THAT NEED TO GO. I RATHER HAVE SOMEONE WHO WANTS WHATS BEST FOR USA. ALL OBSTRUSTISTS BELONG IN THE DEMOCRAT PARTY
"YOU"  DO "NOT"  REPRESENT ME OR "MY" VIEWS AS A REPUBLICAN NOR ANY OF US THAT VOTED FOR TRUMP. U NEED 2 RESIGN & CHANGE PARTY AFFILIATION.
HES A SUPER LIB PICKED BY OBAMA -- WHAT THE HELL ARE U DOING?  U EITHER R A LIBERAL OR U R A STUPID REPUB WHO THINKS THEY WILL WORK WITH US
Pres.Trump should appoint his OWN choice for FBI Director.So what is it Mike, continue 2 try 2 appease the OBSTRUSTIST DEMOCRATS. TRY AGAIN
You freaking crazy if you think we want that guy as FBI director. You're pandering to liberal lunatics.
Idiot.
Garland Not A Good Idea.
You are mistaken if you are remaining loyal to a pledge given to this tyrant of American freedoms. #trumpRussia #ConstitutionalCrisis
.@SenMikeLee @amyklobuchar US PEOPLE NOT AS CONFIDENT IN GOP RUSSIA COLLABORATORS. But OK, sit this OUT if you think it wise. #CAREERSUICIDE
#Garland is solid choice for FBI Dir. Or save him for AG, when Sessions is booted/arrested... we'll need all the honest folks we can get!
I'm pleading as a grandmother that u do everything in ur power 2 stop this Madman (Trump) who is currently attempting 2 shred r Constitution
So let's see in @amyklobuchar world we should appoint #MerrickGarland who @POTUS denied to @USSupremeCourt to @fbi w/job to investig Trump!
Wow! Just wow! It's not our job to act like losers. We gave y'all EVERYTHING! You want to please dems and not your voters - bye bye Mike
GOP is a corrupt racist authoritarian cult which is a blot on the country and the world is laughing at you having made US a banana republic.
why do we give these cowards a majority? They are useless!
Oh stop, for God's sake! We don't need a special prosecutor because there is nothing to prosecute. Pls do your job & pass tax reform.
SESSIONSSHOULD NOT HAVE JOB
SALLYYATES SHOULD STILL BE AG
SALLYFIRED4 WARNING RUSSIAGATE
COMEYFIREDASK 4XTRA FUNDING RUSSIAGATE
Elections have consequences. POTUS trump gets to choose his own cabinet. All obama loyalists should be released.
AG SESSIONS SHOULD NOT EVEN BE ABLE TO SPEAK PUBLICLY ABOUT THE THE HEAD OF THE FBI WHO MAY HAVE BEEN INVESTIGATING HIM THE RECUSED RUSSIA
it's a terrible idea! The majority of Trump supporters want Trey Gowdy so why would you want to promote someone we don't want!?! GOWDY!!!
Are you crazy? Merrick Garland as FBI Director? Do you want a civil War? We are not bowing down to the Democrats!
BUT HOW DO YOU FEEL? You open your mouth often enough.
Trump admitted obstruction of justice--he fired Comey over Russia investigation. We're beyond special prosecutor now: He must be impeached.
Go run for Prez. Win. Then tell us what. Till then shut up.
We need a special prosecutor now. Have you read Trump's tweetstorm this morning? Obstruction of justice. Choose country over party, sir.
Any suggestion of the previous Administration should not be considered for heading the FBI.  Have you lost your mind?
Calling for a special prosecutor to conduct a fishing expedition is demonstrable facism. Says more about the requestors than the target.
Stop wasting tax payer money. Any investigation should be about the democrats Hillary C & their collusion with the Russians
Wake up
Seriously?  That is your answer?
Democrat here..... If Garland gets the FBI I'll stop defending Comey... Comey should not have been fired but Garland would end the uproar..
?
Not sold yet !
Why don't we see if Hillary would like the job. As you seem to think there's no competent Republican.
Please let go of your never trump bitterness and work for the president and American people.
I don't see that as Constitutional leadership.  Putting an anti-2A person in a position of power in the US in beyond irresponsible, #treason
@Amyklobacher  No, thank you. Someone of @MerrickGarland_'s caliber belongs where he continues respected work unimpeded by threats & whimsy.
You swore to uphold the constitution, not a president
Because you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. Might as well save your country then surrender to a bunch of crazy leftists.
Are you that stupid? These people need to be defeated. They are NEVER going to stop no matter what you do. Better off doing the right thing
Only traitors will refuse to insist on a special independent prosecutor to find the truth about the collusion with Russia.
Why the hell would u offer up a stupid suggestion like that TreyGowdy is the man2take over FBI .. seriously Mike it's offensive u said that
LOL!
Why are Republicans such naive idiots, the only time Democrats are cooperative is when they are in minority; do you remember Harry Reid?
I'm confident your a moron. Thanks for taking time out of your schedule for these dumb tweets.
Why not make Judge Garland the special prosecutor as well? Two birds, y'know.
DO YOUR JOB! JESUS must be so proud of you--lol...........
It's time for #UtahVoters to get rid of #Libtard .@SenMikeLee .@GOP #WeThePeople are .@100PercFEDUP with ALL #NeverTrump .@realDonaldTrump
I am very confident it's time you found yourself A JOB!
We probably need a special prosecutor to find out what is wrong with you.
What an insane idea.. Then why not just get some Obamaites in the swamp. You have lost your mind.
Mike Lee working with far left senators now? They won't vote or help you out on anything. Jeez get this dummy out Utah.
What crime would the special prosecutor be investigating?
Dumb idea from a never Trumper. True look at Clinton foundation,emails,IRS etc.. will fall to wayside. Just like a coward to give in to dems
Don't you need a crime before a prosecutor? Still no evidence. Unless of course you were talking about @HillaryClinton @HumaAbedin
I really wonder if there is anyone in congress that looks out for the American tax payer instead of their donors. Swamp is DEEP
Really, we are to continue wasting our tax payor money on an investigation in search of a crime.  We the people would like to sue Congress.
For what exactly? Obama spying on citizens & weaponizing the IC? Money laundering & child sex trafficking Clinton Foundation?
What are they investigating? Hillary? Obamas spying on candidates?
@amyklobuchar terrible idea! Stop trying to appease terrorists! Push @POTUS ' agenda! No obama holdovers, get rid of deep state!
Because the DOJ is overflowing with ethical people at the top.
No thank you on Merrick garland bad idea poor choice ashamed this would be suggested
NO 2 #GARLAND WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU
Please forgive my crudeness and medical lingo, but is there some kind of requirement for Republican Senators to have orchiechtomies? SMH 
and when Justice Kennedy retires, @POTUS should nominate you to take his seat. A #snoot in the mold of Nino the Great.
A special prosecutor for what? What's the charge and where's the evidence?
Why do you seem to be supporting this corrupt President? Get an integrity check done on yourself. You might need a booster shot.
Mike Lee you lost my trust. @POTUS was right. You guys were against the healthcare too. Now it all comes out why.
Please, some times you are worse than the Dems. Republicans are cowards  stand up to the Dems who have no message except obstruction
Wow! Senator Lee, just declare yourself a democrat. A special prosecutor. Really??? Merrick Garland, really,???
For this, I vote NO CONFIDENCE!
I'm beginning to believe U ALL ARE COMPLETE FRAUDS after U believing  Judge Garland a good move. DEMs LOST &will continue to LOSE.#APPEASER
AG will help pick the net FBI director. However it not going to be Garland, Mr. Lee.
PLZ change your political affiliation
Make it Public
You do NOT REPRESENT US
I agree. His hatred for atrunp has turned him into McCain
Good God u idiots. Mike Lee is bag of hot BS & is what's wrong with our government. Its his kind of "conservative" we need to flush out.
He's turning into McCain. He also wants me Garland as FBI DIRECTOR. He hates Trump just like his buddy Cruz
Even Rush said u are nuts.
Pls tell us you were joking abt Merrick Garland for #FBI director! This is a great example why #Republicans cannot win!
How stupud are you? Just bending over I see. Good Lord
@amyklobuchar Special Prosecutor is for criminal action. Has a crime been committed? People should read Constitution
Merrick Garland?  What in the hell is wrong with you?
Absolutely NOT!!
Hell no!!! He is a liberal democrat! He will be no different than Comey! He should have been fired at same time! DRAIN THE SWAMP!
@amyklobuchar So sick of GOP cowardly Senators like you Mike Lee! No DEM will vote for you. You beef to push back against DEM BS
Mike Lee is the only Senator besides Rand Paul who isnt a coward
He's a coward who plays this DEM BS! He needs to go! Sick of the cowards!  Fight for our POTUS!
Only when Trump is right
Trump is right! These never Trumpers need to shut up & sit down!
If you turned in your supervisor would you try to stay low-key good standing w person suspected? He was very confident do the job w/o Comey?
Trey Gowdy for FBI Director !!
Enough said.
And who would replace Garland in his position?
I am skeptical as to your motives.
His motive is to leave an empty position in Appeals Court by Garland moving and appoint a conservative judge to replace him
Oh, those clever and ever-so-helpful Reps! 
Here's a suggestion:CHOOSE YOUR #countryoverparty
Else, you will be on the wrong side of history
. @amyklobuchar Brilliant!...Take Merrick off the DC circuit, give Trump another appointment op, then Trump can just fire him!
Mike Lee, wants to free up Judge Garland position on District Circuit so Trump & Repubs can name their own, so they can control judicial.
That will never happen as Garland has been politicized. Special prosecutor is now a must
@amyklobuchar & in meantime, how much damage will #potus45 be permitted 2 do 2 #USA, our #democracy & standing in world? #impeachTrumpnow
Impeach for what?? Please explain!
We don't need a special prosecutor we need the FBI to indite and call a grand jury!The SP is a waste of time
Only if you want another left wing director of the FBI.
And WE DON'T 
we are all tired of hearing abt the Rs confidence levels. it's simple-appt special prosecutor and establish law&order, or go down w Trump :)
@amyklobuchar Watching hearing this morning confirms as it does daily, Democrats repeated ignorance of facts.
No Garland! No other left wing loons! No special prosecutor! Let Gowdy run FBI. He will straighten out FBI and DC. Need aggressive approach.
Waste of time. The Russians are coming. Fantasy land.
Trump had deputy AG, running Russia investigation, write memo re firing Comey to shut down investigation.  And you say no sp. prosecutor?
Will it be before my kids have to learn Russian in school?
Trey Gowdy.
Oh please no. Actually taken aback by your idea. What's up with you, Senator?
Lee is a good conservative wanting to follow procedures exactly. However, he didn't vote for @POTUS & is quasi #NeverTrump IMO Uphill battle
But M Garland?
Garland was suggested by Dem Senator Klobuchar not Lee
@amyklobuchar No not a good idea. We don't need a S.P., remember scooter libbyperson responsible got off free and clear.
Is that like when the POTUS threatens the deputy AG and the AG says he is going to resign. Like at that time?
We look to conservs like you,Paul & Cruz to stand up for Constitution & what is right,not to blindly follow Trump. #IndependentInvestigation
If you lean on him enough, perhaps.
On what basis are you confident given the series of events with DT
Russia could blackmail Comey with the lies he's told plus he had way 2 much unchecked power. think unaccountable unmasking + the last 8 yrs
Sure, the Dep AG who was used by Trump to fire Comey.
Your nuts. Right meanwhile his wife is a DEM operative.
Isn't it time to prosecute former FBI Comey for lying to congress about the Huma Abedin's laptop, he's compromised with perjury under oath.
I see you're ready to  more taxpayer on testimony that was immediately corrected on the record.
Sure they waste $$ but when its justice then it could create a way to solve future problems & its better spent than on sports scandals
Very doubtful this occurrence was unique; the way to "solve future problems " was already created & was used by Comey to correct the record.
I am confident the deputy director of FBI will protect Hillary & crony Dems; continue with Russian corruption nonsense.another pawn
We the need HILLARY Cover-Up by Comey investigated.  HILLARY's collusion w RUSSIA in selling them Uranium then getting ca$h for foundation.
Make sure we spend billions of Tax payers Dollars to Define the Comey Definition of the HRC INTENT! GOP want a Special Prosecutor to reopen
