But it will hurt thousands of people, to lose their homes, bankruptcy, or to die way to early to health issues that can be treated. Vote no
Eliminating affordable coverage for millions while congress reaps the benefits of taxpayer funded healthcare for life. See a problem?
Then do not promise just kill the damn thing and get out of the federal run health care. Allow private industry to do it. Capitalism works
Are you suggesting we go back to allowing insurance company's not to cover pre-existing conditions?
Capitalism does not have the interests of the poor in mind. Corporations want to make money, privatization and deregulation does not work!
#Grandstanding In the end, you'll do His bidding. #FearOf45
p.s. 84106
Then... Get in there and Make Some Changes to the #ACHA. Otherwise. Complacency helps keep Obama Care.
Hehehe! U lurker!
What's Good for the Goose is Good for Snoopy too. My "Home" Option is Disabled by Twitter. I visit my Friends Manually.
What do you mean?
Vote against it, then! That's within your mandate to do for your constituents
Repeal it and give it to the states
I have to wait 6 months to see the obgyn in Utah. In Utah there is no separation of religion. We can't hand healthcare over to the states.
U voted hillary right?
My mom is on hospice thru #Medicaid! It just wasn't mean enough for you, huh? All for tax cuts to the rich. Can't wait until you meet Jesus.
They are NOT cutting Medicaid. Slowing upward trend . NOT a cut
They are throwing it back to the states, which in Michigan, is like cutting it. Our governor ended Medicaid vouchers for hospice facilities.
Be mindful that is not even close to being done. Many more changes. Rand Paul is the one that wants NO entitlements.
Hold on and do not let them force anything on us that is anything short of a #FullRepeal.
Senator Lee PLZ hold the line! Don't vote for this horrible bill! It Will fail; R's get blamed! PLZ hold out for across state free market!
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr do your jobs! Lead & implement @POTUS agenda not wannabe @SpeakerRyan or #RINOS agenda We're sick of you cowards 
Impossible if we have to pay for those not paying. Too many want it " free"!
But how many times did you guys vote to repeal Obamacare when Obama was President?

Just vote on that again

We know U R lying to us!

STOP
Please stand your ground until an Opt out clause is added.  Thank you!
We do not want Obama care repealed. We want it improved!
8 years to come with a positive alternative and all you did was tear down and obstruct. Zero plan is plan to fail. Republicans are to blame.
Give the American ppl the same insurance you, and all of congress and senate has! Vote NO on TrumpCare.
why can't they just repeal the whole thing and put it back to the way it was before Obama ruined it?
Agree. My insurance was so much cheaper before Obamacare.
with a $4000 deductible.
Unbelievable how the GOP dropped the ball on this? Hannity was and is right? WTH have you elected dip shits been doing the last 6 years? 
The dip shit in office for eight years created this  mess with the democrats.
THEN DON'T VOTE FOR THIS FRANKENSTEIN MONSTER! IT'S A WORK OF THE DEVIL, ANTI AMERICAN, UNCONSTITUTIONAL TO BEGIN WITH! REPEAL IT, PLEASE!
You need to pass it.  The tide is rising and you need to move up the beach or drown.  You can keep fixing it but don't let ACA drown us all.
No it doesn't. Trump said he would do a full repeal on Day 1. He lied. Pure and simple.
So the question is WHY NOT, Senator. WHY NOT!
 Thank you! The GOP best get this bill right. We were all promised a repeal. This bill doesn't begin to repeal Obamacare.
Get to yes and work on the bill for improvement. Passing some legislation is critical to all Republicans.
That's upsetting on so many levels. Our only hospital in our county is closing 6/27/17. 
To get it right. I truly hope you can improve on the ACA.
I hope this means you will encourage your colleagues to take it back to the drawing board and take the time necessary
There's absolutely no surprise there Mike Lee. The almighty Republican nothing Burger. For the working Americans.

Government has NO business in healthcare!
Then there is no point in passing it.
REPEAL & REPLACE-Stand Up for What's Right, Senator. Y'all PROMISED. Wanna Change Healthcare? Tell Insurance Cos They're FIRED! U Can Do it!
Find a freaking way to vote yes. We will be stuck w/Obamacare and it will be your fault.
You need to vote against it then. Protect the weakest among us.
Lowering health care costs is an entirely different topic. You are deciding whether our government takes care of it's people. No repeal!
Keep making noise, Mike. #RepealObamacare, @SenateGOP, @senategopfloor. Help the truly helpless, and give the #FreeMarket a whirl.
The only way to lower costs is to prosecute the monopolistic behavior of HC providers to the fullest extent of the law.

And you know it.
Need big ideas! Free market, hsa, eliminating employer coverage ties. Enough w the bandaids. Same for tax code
So you'll vote no correct? Bet gop will pass this shit bill and then they'll be the ones losing elections just like dems did over aca
Do not vote for this terrible bill. Funny trump talking about vets. Lots of vets on Medicaid drastic cuts, what is wrong with you people
U just realized those 13 sens only care about themselves&their re-election?U should have tried harder over the past 7 yrs...#140characters
If you get reelected aren't you doing what your constituents want?
WE DON'T WANT GOV RUN HEALTHCARE WHETHER IT BE STATE OR FEDERAL. YOU ALL RAN ON REPEAL NOT AMEND! KEEP YOUR WORD!
Don't stick us with Obamacare senator Lee!
As Utah voter the new bill is better than Obamacare so your job is make it better &. Vote it into law as we are sick of Obamacare no recess!
I'm a constituent (84106) and I am against this bill. Do NOT back down, even if they change the bill at the last minute. Vote NO. #utpol
Thank you for doing the right thing for your constituents. #politicsaside
Add an Any Willing Provider clause and save tons by doing away with insurance panels...
Then I guess @GOP should brace themselves  to Lose mid-terms.  

My family deserves better.
Good Thank you Sir. God Bless you 
We trust you guys to fix it! 
@SenateMajLdr has no such trust! @SpeakerRyan a close 2nd!
Or become a law.
what you promised was good coverage for all and if that's not what you promised that's what your made us believe.
Voting yes to a bad bill just to pass healthcare is just as bad as Democrats You cannot change a zebra stripes #FullRepeal
FULL REPEAL NOT FIXTake care of American children & true disabled FIRSTStop #FreeLoaders bilking American taxpayer Our  not theirs
Senator, what happened to repeal? Don't tinker. Don't hedge. Repeal. Get Americans off this drug so they can begin to detox.
It sure seems it will to me. Why do you think differently? What to do to fix that and get this bill passed ?
Then fix it so that it does, it's your job! We the people, you know, your boss, hired you to do a job. When I'm given a job to do, I do it!

Good grief, can Republicans get together WITH OUR POTUS and pass anything?? U guys will lose big in 2018 for those not supporting POTUS.
Stop with the "Mean" commentary, @POTUS! I love you, but not massive government. Thought you agreed. $20 Trillion Debt.
#StayHealthyAmerica
I am glad your reason has allowed you to understand the math. Good on you.
This McConnell Obama Republican RINO crafted Healthcare Bill is not a Obamacare Repeal Bill, it's a Obamacare Confirmation Bill
I support ALL efforts to repeal #ObamaCare.  Metaphorically,, if  ObamaCare is like being pregnant, the GOP bill is like being half pregnant
If that is the case, please do not vote for it.
Then vote against it sir
Plz do not agree 2 essential health benefit waivers, Medicaid cuts, lifetime/yearly limits,or poor mental health care coverage just 2 save $
You dont even like how insurance works
And you are rubbing it in our faces, why? Dick move, and yes I am one of your constituents, and I know you could not care less about that.
Agreed! Stand firm
THEN PLEASE DO NOT VOTE FOR IT! THANK YOU!
Answer simple: Let Obamacare self-destruct: Allow ins companies compete across state lines freely: No govt. healthplan necessary!#bliss
None of your legislation deals with cost, only who pays. Force disclosure in amounts paid to providers and let people decide
Counting on you to make it better, not kill it!! The country needs action, not rhetoric
Try a little faith and with all that trying think
Stand strong for true Conservatives 
#repealdontreplace 
#HealthcareBill
#FreeMarketHealthcare
#FullRepeal
no kidding, why can't you do something for the portion of the 12 mil on Ocare and leave the rest of us 320 mil alone
We need #FullRepeal not Obamacare lite. This is,killing the people paying for it.
Why would Trump support it on Twitter then?
Thank you for being honest! I appreciate that!
Thank you @SenMikeLee
Mike GVT'S NOTHING BUT A LIE! It's nothing but evil & out of control. The LIES WILL NVR STOP. & career politicians will stay there til death
Sad. You guy's better get to it.
I seem to remember you being one of the (all male, all Republican) senators writing this bill. Is this news to you?
Find a way to get to "yes".
Full repeal, free market & competition will give us great affordable h/c. What is wrong with people like McConnel, oh ya corruption!
Right on Senator Lee.  You are still my favorite senator.
Tell us specifically what changes you want on the Senate bill. Don't care if you don't like step up and propose something that will pass
go figure.
If this doesn't get dont u and the rest the GOP can kiss off next elections for sure.
Of course not! Let's see if Loud Mike has the courage to oppose it. I doubt it. He will do what Mitch tells him. Good boy! Sit! Roll over!
Show some bipartisanship, senator. Get some Dems involved an create a compromise bill that benefits all Americans.
While it will kill many, it is true it will probably not kill as many as you would like, Senator.
Everyone needs to get there head out those butts and get to work on building america great again laat 8yrs sucked
Why not??!!!  You have had over 8 years to work this out!!!!  Unbelievable!!   Get to work on @POTUS agenda NOW!!!! #MAGA
Thank you!!!!!!!
I wish you and Cruz were running the show. Then the USA really would be great again.
Pass it and iron it out later.
Confusion brings chaos
Then please do not vote for the bill
So no va cay. And back to the drawing board until it's right. Obama didn't care about how bad his was
why do you insist on addressing the needs of a few by SCREWING the rest of the country? Ass backward political solutions FAIL!
FULL REPEAL as promised  thank you @SenMikeLee
That is why it is called a draft.  Now get to work!!
Please repeal the whole thing and walk away. No government in healthcare period. We can handle ourselves
Correct me if I'm wrong, but weren't you one of the 13 writing the bill? No one to blame but yourself. Own your failure.
Make it happen, no $ 4 ins. companies.
Since when does government ever give up power once they get it?  never will repeal Obamacare now.
Make it happen, there is a limited opportunity for Republicans!
Now how come I figured that would happen. More Socialism with other peoples money. What U.S. Constitution? My Plan here:
Love this!
Get with Rand and do it right!
kabuki theater alway lead with the garbage then act like you fixed it. you will vote for it. its how washington works. fool the voters
Something needs to be done. Obama care is failing. Millions without insurance either way. Try to fix it, or shut it all down and start over.
This is insane. Another dead promise. Rs are no better than dems. We have all the power and do nothing. Disgraceful. Americans are suffering
So many years of "repeal and replace" and no solution? How long did it take to draft o-care? I can't believe corporate interest politicians.
SAD, broken promises.
Here's the promise.
Throw it out!
Please hold strong! Let Obamacare implode then deal with this. Don't get a bad deal.
Just get the best deal that you can get that leads us to >market forces. O care is dying. Even a transitional bill is better than status quo
Tennessee was fine before AHCA  scrap it all let the states handle their own people... we the people got screwed by all of congress enough
I suggest if you don't vote for this bill that you might wanna have a different plan. Obamacare is dead and u promised to repeal.
@SteveDeaceShow 
Health care is a tough problem but the bigger problem is prescriptions.
Please stop or change it. Thanks for what you do!
I agree, do not cave in please.  Stand your ground and demand a full repeal.
7 years the Republican Party had to get their plan ready. Do u really understand how frustrating this is for us who have to live with ACA??
Then Fix it
Just need Obutthead care...finish falling apart...Demorats will have full responsibility
So what are the changes everyone seems to be so hysterical about?
Thank you for not voting on this terrible bill. What have Rs been doing the past 7 years? It shows how little they care about healthcare.
How long do you beat your head against the wall before you pull a Jim DeMint? Love you Mike but you're wasting your  time.
Doesn't defund pp either
Somehow the GOP can vote multiple times to repeal #Obamacare with no chance of the @POTUS signing it and now they can't do it? What gives?
Living with the consequences is very different that using the issue to rally voters for elections.
This is a draft. Many iterations to come
Do not vote for this health insurance bill as it stands it is awful
What part of REPEAL does our representatives not understand?
I am one of your constituents. Do not vote for this bill.
As a constituent, I'm glad you don't support it; but improving coverage/care ought to be one of your goals too.
Look mike you had best jump on board and become part of solution instead of problem. Provide assistance instead of insults u sound blue dem!
I thank you, @SenTedCruz, and all calling out monstrosity of a lie and vote no. #WeThePeople so tired of lying politicians. #HealthcareBill
It doesn't appear that Obama, Senators, Trump, or House members write these bills. The lobbies that receive the rising costs write them.Why?
Then may I suggest you find a new line of work. Obamacare goes or the ppl who promised it would, will be out! We told U!
Then what the Hell have Sen been doing
Trumpcare will never provide better care for less cost and include everyone. Never. And the rich do not need any tax cuts.
then do your damn job and fix it! stop bitching and start fixing!  #MAGA 
This is just sad, but I understand why you're making this decision.
Using the excuse of perfection is not a valid out for your promise to us. Work the 80% solution. Participate, don't agitate!
They just started discussing the bill. Let's hear the plan. #PrimaryRINOs #DefeatDems #ReadTheConstitution
#RepealObamacare #RemoveObstacles
Hang in there Senator and keep up the fight!
This is what happens when @SenateMajLdr doesn't follow regular order.  Do it right or not at all!
Thank you
You PROMISED to have something in place.  Why don't you give us the same insurance that you have
That's what I said.  They only look out for themselves
Please vote against it.  Millions of us are counting on you.  
How can all people say not to vote for it if they haven't read it?
Then, get rid of it. I'm still waiting for the repeal part.
So, you're saying that someone lied, right?
Thank you Sen Lee. Keep fighting for the repeal that just about every Republican promised...
Rep Congress should have been ready years ago with a plan. Put forth a plan versus standing against everyting
They did and they passed it in 2015.
Ok, where's that now?
They passed it when they knew Obama would veto it. They are such frauds....
Mr. Lee make it work. Get in there and negotiate. Our team needs a win.
Your job as a republican is to propose the changes and make the changes that need to be made in order to get the bill passed.
Why is this so hard? 1 subsidized pool 4 pre existing/terminal. 1 pool for employer based. 1 pool for everyone else. No state lines.
Insurers won't go along? I don't know. That sounds reasonable to me.
Who's writing the law, insurers, or Congress? It's been the single payer crowd & insurers. Congress needs to put 'em both in their places!
As a former Utahn - and as the child of parents who still live there - I implore you to vote against it.
If it's better then Obama Care why not start there instead of stalling maybe then you can get dems to come along with additional changes.
Stop now,think bigger,markets loving BCA, you F this up,consequences for constituents 401ks investments American economy will be devastating
Thank you, Senator Lee. Stay strong. - A Utah resident
Universal Health Care should be the goal! Period...
I'm one of your constituents. Do not vote for this bill.
That's a pretty quick read, evaluation and public declaration. You guys will never compromise to fix this thing. I can't believe invite R!
And nothing ever will! Washington could care less about Americans!
Then we need to  look at  the  house Bill and  make  improvements
Do not give in on this! Enough! FULL REPEAL!!
Not mean enough for you?
Keep up the good fight.
It's because focus is on insurance and funding mechanism and not the root of the problem which is COST OF CARE. Lobbyists own congress.
Get in there and negotiate don't give up you may get replaced
Can we go back to repeal & no replacement? Replacement is still socialist gov't interference.
