Work with Democrats to repare and stop this posturing. Take away the stupid party politics.
Repeal, in its entirety, as promised.  #UnitedForFreedom
Military may b improved w exercise to rescue & save life but preserve our freedom 2 be charitable, don't shackle tax payers w debt 2 rebuild
IF NICKEL PUNKS LIKE YOU WOULD SUPPORT TRUMP'S AGENDA. ... THINGS WOULD GET DONE... GET IT.?
It is now known as #McCainCare
#replacemcconnell
I absolutely swear that I'll never vote republican again if Ocare & ALL govt forced HC isn't gone by 2018. I worked hard for their seats
Cannot tell how disappointed and angry I am that Reps cannot keep their promises to repeal this horrible bill. 2018 will be a disaster.
OR HOW AWFUL IT IS TO TAKE MY HARD EARNED MONEY AT TAX TIME.IF WE CANT AFFORD INSURANCE HOW IS TAKING MORE FROM US GOOD
AND GET RID OF THIS ILLEGAL PENALTY AT TAX TIME FOR PPL WHO CANT AFFORD INSURANCE. RAPING US OF OUR MONEY ISNT HELPING US GET IT
Well I guess we will be paying $1,300.00 in fines this year again.  Let it collapse..
Really this hearing is ridiculous rep. Are helping dem. Trash president what kind of authority does he have Obama sure had  lot of authority
But will you harm those American families who have been helped by the Affordable Care Act?
Vote yes
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Perhaps coming up with a replacement plan that would actually be BETTER would be a good start.
Obamacare is a fricking disaster. A blank paper would be better
I'm no fan of Obamacare but I guess I have higher expectations. I'd like the replacement not to make my premiums and OOP expenses higher
I would like govt out of health care. They mess up everything
How about american families hardest hit by gun violence?
Why are you accepting donations from the NRA?
Repell
Republicans are not capable of helping people nor do they want to.
Then repeal iti have no faith in the Republican Party.
Repeal all of it,like you told us you would!
#RepealObamacare let the free market work. Open up States to allow more competition among Insurance!
You'll need real experts on this panel shameful this is not Watergate hillary is Watergate irresponsible of rep to make this bill
Use your voice your smarter than that young liberal
Thought you were going to talk about Puerto Rico here, but yeah, I see my mistake now
R these liberal professors how much money did they give Hillary's campaign this was so Unnessary ridiculous bill young kid Hillary's cousin
The bill is a start. Bill needs work but we need to start somewhere. Give healthcare to states, allow over state line purschase.
But let's do it with GOOD legislation rather than this junk. Talk to Dems to make a good bill #Compromise
You know the jig is up, right? The R's lied repeatedly for years about repeal. Time to stop the lying. Nobody believes it anymore. NOBODY
Replace congress with Governors of each state moreover shut Washington DC down  send congress home permanently
Mike Lee, your republican coworkers lack backbones
So far the GOP has failed to deliver. Unbelievable!
Collins and Rand have not supported anything their party has proposed.  They need to go home with McCain
You would think GOP would have some integrity after promising.
Not only is the bill going in the wrong direction.  The GOP is driving all those who voted for them off the cliff.  TY 4 nothing. Retire.
Republican Party is on life support. Last nail in coffin will be ur failure to end Obama Care. Unbelievable! Many will never vote GOP again.
If U lack the * to do whats right(Collins) are a closet Democrat (McCain) or refuse to help cause cant get all u want(Paul) U need to go.
You are kidding right?
My kids and grandkids are getting killed with HC costs. Republicans threw working folks under the bus.  No more donations!
Republicans have turned against their voters. Sad the control everything and can't get anything done.
We send Legislators to Washington to help improve the lives of their citizens!  Get the job done, Congress!  Elections are coming!
So, repeal it and let market go.  State pools for PECs.  HSAs, No taxes, Regs or mandates.  Let me choose what I want!
@SenMikeLee I pay more now for Health Ins than 10 yrs ago-Gold Plan equivalent. Now? Covers NOTHING b4 $22k/yr! TY @BarackObama for #ACA j/k
Vote No! ACA needs fixed but this us not the way to do it. Don't throw 46% if Utah under the bus!
7 years of whining about it and spending how much money wasting your time and ours. Americans want health care not CEOs with big pockets.
What the hell is wrong with you senators?  Why do you continue to let the American people get raked over the coals?  Terrible!
Yes, please!  I need to be able to work more hours!!!  I've had to add more part-time jobs and it's killing me...
But no allegiance to those helped by it? You are divisive.
So where is it?
Yes yes you do now put something together that actually will help my ridiculous deductible instead of this trash #votingdayiscoming
To bad you don't get to vote to repeal and replace.
You are going to provide relief by taking away health care from millions of people?
'Millions' of people can go right back on welfare. Then families can afford coverage again.
fix ACA and make it more affordable
GOP useless. 7 years to work on this!!  Single payer detrimental. Just repeal it!!
Sen Cruz says you would vote no also.
Get it together 
Cut off the illegal supplemental bail out to insurers and watch the loons scramble. All it takes is a POTUS with some guts. You think Trump?
We need bi-partisan health care. Don't want to go through this every time parties change majority. Tax reform I'll back.
Senator Lee... the McConnell/ Turncoat  era is over...   He is a obstacle & cares nothing for a new agenda to replace Obummer care.  Danger
Then come up with a ,bipartisan bill, so far the bills being discussed are horrible, we will remember, you serve us, not the party
Utahns want to keep Obamacare intact. Please work on improving & working w/Dems  because obviously trying to get rid of it is not working!
Health care takes time talk with Americans, doctors & get involved with the non profit org, build it from the bottom & keep what's working
Definition of insanity is doing the same thing over & over & expecting a different result Stand 4 Americans Make a bill you'll be proud of
Get Paul, Collins and you in a room now and work it out!
Reps need to repeal it period
Thank you Senator Lee!
Stf up
Heard you were a #NO.  Can we please get this #1stphaserepeal done ?
It's been horrible having insurance, even with a pre-existing condition, and having mental health covered the same as physical.
No replacement plan. Just repeal please. Don't need government replacing it with more problems.
All they have to do is add Conservative ideas...but NO, only Rino ideas can pass. DO YOU UNDERSTAND that Ocare is hurting Americans?
Yes, I  agree.  Need to make it happen.
Hey Loud Mike, the train left the station. Eight years ago!Republicans unable to come up with a vaguely viable plan. Epic republican fail.
Something seriously needs to be done, why isn't it?
We need to get rid of Obamacare. My rates are going so high it is becoming hard to afford it.
Hi Mike
why are you on FOX?
not factual
ZERO credibility
coin operated GOP propaganda
Are these block grants simply a shell game?
Is the new proposal better than not doing anything?
You're a worthless partisan hack. It's obvious that you only care about saving yourself, because CBO trashed your plan. Party over people.
You should probably go ahead and do that Mike.
REPEAL IT
Apparently you guys didn't, won't, can't. Sad what's happened to GOP. Progressivism won.
Dems showed up with a knife, GOP had a gun... and they shot themselves in the foot
I absolutely agree! But I am losing faith FAST in Congress doing it.
It is time for a true bipartisan solution that doesn't make it even worse.
Be great if you could find a way to do that that'll simultaneously hurt the most Americans possible--oh, you have? Pat yourself on the back.
Please VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy! Don't revise history. Remind yourself why the bad parts of the #ACA are bad. Then work on a solution!
Then do it stupids!
How do you reason that increasing premiums & providing less care is relief? You're going for political points, not help the people. #utopl
Thanks @SenMikeLee We were promised #REPEAL Establishment lied! #ReplaceMcConnell
Sending Medicaid to the States is an excellent idea. Pass Graham/Cassidy which does this.
Even Bernie Sanders said, in '97, that would bankrupt the country.
How do you do this. Your whole party is not united. It is frustrating. I can't wait for single payer brought to you by gop
Sir, introduce a bill to force congress live on Obamacare without subsidies or exemptions.
Hang in there Senator Lee. There's always a treacherous money trail that has to be battled. We need the senate to look out for us.
Apparently Republicans are liars.  We aren't going to keep getting screwed like this while you all cocktail party our lives away
For 7 years we heard repeal and replace and now nothing. Republicans have failed the base again.
It's frustrating, I can't afford continued raising costs
Want to actually provide relief to American families? Stop G-C and move on to provide $ to Puerto Rico.
And what are you going to tell Americans whose lives have been saved by Obamacare?
Does the @gop regret not having allowed the citizens of the great state of Utah to suffer and/or die?
ObamaCare has cost my family a lot of money, but the fix has to be somewhat bipartisan. Rushing a bad fix will blow your chance.
"Hardest hit by Obamacare"  What is it, a hurricane now?  Enough already.
Then FIX the ACA. Nothing the GOP has come up with so far would do anything other than devastate MORE Americans lives.
Some families pay more but many more millions have healthcare for the first time. Please start being a moral agent on this matter. Please!
More have health ins. cuz they were forced to buy, which they can't use cuz premiums & deductibles are too much. No money 2 pay bill balance
Quit talking and do something. Please!
The  House and Senate, R and D, need to improve availability and cost of healthcare for all Americans.
Maybe Republicans need to replace @SenateMajLdr with someone with ethics & a spine like @SenMikeLee or @tedcruz
Let's start by voting SCUM like this guy OUT!
You don't do it by voting down everything
All you #RINOs in the Senate, you want a Bi-Partisan healthcare bill? Repeal Obamacare outright 1st, then work with the Libtards to replace!
Let's not forget the millions that have been helped. As a physician I saw much good done  that would not have happened w/o the ACA
#MedicareForAll

What about Americans who would be devastated by the loss other their ACA coverage?
If they can afford the premiums and deductibles, they should keep their plan
Subsidies could disappear under Cassidy Graham bill.  Many states didnt expand Medicaid & those who make barely too much rely on subsidies.
Subsidies should disappear. Government programs are always bloated with bureaucrats. Let open market and membership plans have a go.
Then millions will not be able to afford insurance or healthcare.  We aren't lazy people.  I have a college degree & work 50hrs/week.
You can believe that if you wish but before government regulation in HC insurance industry, most had insurance and cared for the others.
What a bunch of BS. Get a bulldozer (metaphorically of course) and drive it through the GOP and start over from the ground up.
I worked 20 years at a job I hated because it was the only way to get health insurance for me and my son.   The ACA made change possible.
I call BS!
Americans have been hit hard by #HurricaneMaria.   Do effen something about it instead of tweeting #Obamacare nonsense

#StandWithPuertoRico
When I was a kid, GOP and Dems worked TOGETHER to keep the country moving forwards.
Republicans at Fed & State level need to admit to sabotaging #ACA. Why does It work in MA & CA and not UT? Be honest
It is systemic murder.
The Republican's plan makes everything worse.
Start with FULL REPEAL!
they would if on same h care
Relief in the sweet embrace of death.
The ACA allowed my son to have insurance and start a business,. He now pays for the ACA Platinum Plan for all his employees.
And we believe you 
OC is destroying the Middle Class who can't afford the high costs of getting healthcare! Congress is allowing this to happen! Enough!
.its all in your somewhat empty head @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy bad bill no relief here boss
I agree.  The GOP has not followed through any thing they have campaigned on the last 10 years.
Here's an idea-- draft something that's BETTER- @GOP just keeps throwing crap at America hoping we won't pay attention
Yes. We need to reallocate the billionaires the money from the ACA. How will they put food on their table without it.
If the GOP doesn't start making good on their promises, 2018 is going to be a very,VERY bad wake-up call, unless they don't want control!
Yep, give control to the other useless political party. Sounds like a plan 
