Stop focusing on repealing Obamacare and start focusing on providing health coverage to Americans.
Obamacare did focus on "health coverage" and is still the law, but peope are not getting health care.
Switch yourself off, bot.
So someone disagrees with you and that makes them a bot? Well then *bee boop deee doop* cuz youre wrong *cough* senator *cough*
They are a bunch of Soros bots themselves.  Perhaps they are projecting?
While not perfect, Obamacare has brought health care to many who didn't have it previously.
And acted as an anchor on the entire economy. Good job. 
And the plan to save the economy is to make everything worse.
We need MADE IN AMERICA Across State Lines Free Market Health Insurance 

#Obamacare #FullRepeal @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Insurance companies are parasites and part of the problem, not the solution
Partially correct, which is why we need to get the government out of it and go to free market solutions. Government can't do anything right.
No free market solution has ever worked...never...nowhere.
Except maybe the one that provided the device on with you're posting.
I was referring to a healthcare system, not communications technology.
Reports say a repeal without a replacement would take insurance away from millions and raise prices for everyone. Do you want to do that?
Why don't you find a path to make health care affordable to all citizens?
It was before obamacare.  The only thing that changed was that now you have no choice and must buy it or be penalized, and the price went up
It hasn't been affordable in a very long time. Obamacare was passed because so many people couldn't afford health insurance.
I was in an emergency room in 2006 for several hours. The bill was over $13,000. I don't call that affordable.
Im sorry to hear that if consumers had choice we could demand better coverage from insurance companies
We want #FullRepeal #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom Hold the line for #FreeMarketSolutions

https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/867455894321233920 …
#FullRepeal was promised to the people keep your promises #United for freedom
Politicians need to get over themselves and get OUT of health care. #FullRepeal #FreeMarketSolutions
http://theresurgent.com/the-cruel-hopelessness-of-single-payer/ … #singlepayer #cruelhopelessness #waitingonhospitalbeds #charliegard #fullrepeal #noreplacement #unitedforfreedom
Represent your constituents. Please have some integrity and vote No.
#standwithrand #fullrepeal #noreplacement #unitedforfreedom #freemarketsolutions
#FullRepeal #NoReplace #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
Glad to hear you're able to eat while you plan a way to leave your constituents without healthcare. Come to Utah. Come check the struggle.
Where there's a will there's a way.  America has always offered both.  Clear the path for #FreeMarketSolutions to the ACA! #UnitedForFreedom
You really suck, Mike. Honestly.
Why does he suck?
Along w/ @SpeakerRyan and team, caved to Barack repeatedly while obstructing Trump at every turn.
Strongly disagree, Lee has stood by same conservative principles from beginning, regardless of public opinion.
Guessing you were a hardcore Ted Cruz guy. Your principles hand it all to the dems & you can't see it
Had this discussion during election. If you had to abandon your beliefs to win..did you win or are now just the other side of "ends justify"
I knew it. You'd let Hillary win to "protect your principles". So shortsighted. I voted for the ONLY guy that could keep Hillary out.
You don't know shit ...Lewy
Don't even think about voting for any bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
Need full repeal- root & branch. No socialized medicine. Return healthcare to the free market
Going into a debate on HC with no Bill to debate? This is irresponsible. Please make this right going forward.
While you are there try to find the rest of the republicans' spines!!!
Clean Repeal!  No subsidies 4 insurance Co's (learn from bank bailouts). No single payer.  Bring back Medical Device tax.  Get Bhind POTUS!!
Mike Lee is an obstructionist. He wants to bring down Prez Ttump to allow the corrupt establishment ruin my nation. #MikeLee is tyranny
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
Why do you want to do that, Senator? Will you lose your healthcare?
The insurance company bailouts are a huge problem! #FullRepeal #FreeMarketSolutions #UnitedForFreedom
I wish would have taken Senator Burr with you. We need unity and Burr shows he doesn't care.
Step 1 full repel Yes, ps love your book!
Stay strong and say no to repeal and AHCA! #TrumpCareIsNoCare
it would be smarter to fix what does not work, stop blaming former decisions...go forward in a bipartisan way for all Americans.
Thank you Mike Lee!! We've got you back!!
It needs to happen.  Get it together.
Thank you Senator Lee for doing the right thing for the American people! We are with you, 
keep fighting. #FullRepeal
Please stop. 22 million will lose coverage. You have no plan. Enough Party over Country.
Repeal the Affordable Care Act, and you will never be reelected.
We love you MIKE!  Stay strong. The AMERICAN conservatives have your back
! Get Rid of The Middle Man ! Don't Give out Our Money to Insurance company's Free Market Across State Lines !I want our PENALTY'S Back !
Tell you what, Senator. You give up your federally funded health care and go with whatever the public gets.

Then I'll listen to you.

Tool.
Thank you Sen Lee for standing firm against repeal of ACA and please fight for a bipartisan solution- we stand with you!
Congress should have the same healthcare we do. Maybe then they would consider the free-market.
Please leave the ACA alone, protect Medicaid! I am your constituent in Orem!!
Try the pizza
Right to try is the only natural right. Add that to the Bill.
Do you even know why?
Hahahahahaha
@realDonaldTrump @VP The REAL PATH to Obamacare extinction is here:  https://1drv.ms/w/s!AvDABK6TBqVlmznTEaCpBMbihMOb …   BUT YOU HAVE TO READ IT FIRST!!!
I had hoped that someday YOU would be hosting lunches at WH but no more. Never heard of half-a-loaf-is-better-than-none?
It's time for #Medicare4All Sen. Lee.  Your free market Republican Obamacare  nonsense got us into this mess in the first place.
No.  32 million more uninsured is bad for Utah and bad for our country.  Leaving children without healthcare is immoral.  Surely you see.
The path involves going around YOU.
Mike, t @tedcruz comments about t Rep Bill said over $7,000 Premium Reduction & 2 mil more Covered w Free Markets & Tort Reform. Join in.
Thank you, Sen. Lee 4 steadfast fight 4 individual rights, freedoms, & ultimately dignity. #FullRepeal #OurCreedDefinesUS
Lost again?

Stay strong, I know you are working hard to find the right solution on healthcare, the less government involvement the better.   from T
and give those companies that give their employees health a tax deduction. The federal government MUST GET OUT OF OUR LIVES!
Mike we need the health care to go back to employers and have Insurance companies fight to get companies to sign with them.
single payer is the only realistic path to bringing down costs
How about getting your coward senators to do what they did when BO was in office.
How about a bipartisan restart to this whole show? Covey would say "make this a win-win deal". You could  set a new course for the country.
Obamacare has destroyed my family's health care costs. Repeal it now! This is what GOP ran on. If not, then prepare for Pelosi 2018.
Find a path to healthcare for all, please.
Thank you!
I do not understand how anyone can call anything you have been considering repeal.  The republican party stands for NOTHING
#StandWithRand We want @RandPaul bill!#FreeMarketHealthcare! https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Obstructionist
Total repeal is looking good! 35 million people lose insurance in 9 years! Hell,you would have to shoot poor people to do better! #therich
#CleanRepeal it what we were promised. It's what you gave Obama. @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump @freedomcaucus
I want total repeal then replace. No insurance bailout or backdoor deals to lobbyists. Just honest good, affordable healthcare.
Agreed with you that the healthcare bill was flawed and did not deserve to be passed. Why can't we start to do some tinkering 2 Obamacare?
follow the yellow brick road
IM AS CONSERVATIVE AS U BUT WOULD VOTE FOR CURRENT BILL, BUT THE MEDICAID REDUCTIONS MUST BE WRITTEN IN STONE! WE WIN THE WAR, LOSE A BATTLE
Thank you for opposing the current bill! I appreciate your willingness to speak up.
Learn to compromise.  You finally have a Repub Pres and your going to stall his agenda.  Thanks for nothing!
The ONLY Senator I trust.
You know the http://path.You  and your colleagues just lack the courage to take the path.Reach across the isle and vote.#cowards
As a Utahn, I'm absolutely horrified by the thought  my family could lose the benefits we've received thanks to the ACA & medicaid expansion
You need to get positive and do something for citizens, not just wanting publicity like a Democrat
don't expect me to vote for you again if you can't keep your word.  i feel duped.
Better hope you do. I'd like to see some action instead of talk.
Repeal open up to free market always the best
You best hope it's repealed or YOU are the reason the entire GOP cannot govern. Your fault.
Do it Senator....repeal needs to be done ASAP
Should be ashamed to call urself a republican right now. Repubs ran their entire platform on repeal, now you have majority and won't deliver
Senator Mike Lee will forever be known as the person who saved Obamacare.
Mr. Lee, you should have stood behind President Trump and passed this new better plan.  You failed us!
After blowing it up? Good call. Pretty sure you and Rand Paul are living on another planet. @hughhewitt @conncarroll
Get it done..   ridiculously stupid this has exploded, Smart people?
A deductible so high, I  can't  use my health ins..
Do something Mike quit worrying about the special interests #Ocaregottago
Get on board with doing something. While you obstruct the President's agenda, I continue to pay more for health ins. than  for my mortgage
Find one!
You won't do shit Obama butt buddy
Pls Mike, repeal, repeal, repeal. I'm in your District. Repeal that great sucking machine. What is Govt doing in the insurance box anyway?
You have a better chance of finding path to "real" killer of Nicole Brown Simpson.
@SenMikeLee, please show some leadership and craft the plan which will make Crybaby Chuckles Schumer stroke out!  It's not that hard!
@robportman???,
No!
If you are really looking for one, or just too worried about 2018.
Yes sir. Repeal first. Then replace.

Repeal - hold the line sir!!!
Mike.  Do what you have to do in order to convince the RINOS that they are supposed to be conservative and to REPEAL the ACA NOW!
Any luck Senator?
Please vote FOR the senate plan to repeal AT LEAST parts of Obamacare and IMPLEMENT REVISIONS TO IT.  We need action NOW.
Well sir you republicans have lost my support forever
Please don't backtrack on opposing the BCRA. That bill is an absolute mess and would make health care more expensive for everyone. #utpol
This is a must do
Stand strong.  Don't let the bully bulldoze you into acting on a bill that is not going to fix healthcare.  Thank you.
The Republicans have had 8 years to think this over, we expect action!
NO path. Back to BCRA you said NO to. What a waste of taxpayer $$ and a charade. Americans aren't going to forget this fiasco.
Thank you for standing your ground, Senator Lee.
How was lunch?
you disappoint all Republicans...
Always stand tough, Senator.  Be true to your convictions and continue to respect our Constitution.
As @nike used to say "Just do it"
Full repeal or nothing and without a two-year delay! We've suffered enough and been unable to buy insurance because of premiums and deducts.
Bruh you. are. the. reason. why. they. cant.
Please don't repeal just to fulfill a campaign promise. Think of the poor, disabled and sick. Have a heart.
"How about pursuing a prudent choice and lead a bipartisan effort to create a healthcare bill that doesn't terrify your constituents?"
Enough talk, get it done.
Plain and simple if you don't provide results and fulfill your promises to those who keeps you in power then we will take the power from u
Love you Mike. Go man Go.
Good luck.
FIX ACA!  It's a pretty good program. Work on lowering Dr, hospital,  and Rx costs and ins will go down.
The American people do not want repeal will you people stop wasting tax payer monies & work with democrats to enhance . Shameful
We need to get this done. We are hurting in Virginia.
Get it done!!
ACA is falling apart. Guess that's the result of passing a bill before reading it @NancyPelosi
Thank you! #RepealObamacare #FullRepealNow
Find a path to help your constituents get more and better health care*
Get LOST!
Mike and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
Take a page from Nike: Just Do It.
NO, you aren't you always find a way to vote no. You are like the rest of them scared to make a decision. Lack leadership.
good luck!
. Complete Repeal, no replacement! Give back to the states, Free market competition!
HC is a long term investment in the health of your society.  It's detrimental to that cause to let companies use it for short-term profits.
Thank you for everything you do. A life line to sanity and honesty.
Good luck. But let's just repeal and NOT replace. Free market only!
Uh huh. Sure you are. I don't believe anything you republicans say...and I'm a conservative. Learn how to govern!
AMERICANS thought you guys were READY TO ROLL as SOON as we got OBAMA OUT OF THERE! 8Yrs of LIBERAL OPPRESSION, SO WE'RE READY! WORK IT OUT!
Do what you were elected to do!!! #MAGA
No to a repeal!! You need to fix the ACA now!! Enough!!!
Mr Lee,

Fight for as conservative a bill as you can and then say, "Yes!"   A center right bill better than a moderate to center left bill!!
Please do not be greedy and selfish, so please do not try to repeal ACA.
You & the rest of the GOP better start listening 2 your constituents.  Repeal Obamacare.  You've had YEARS 2 craft a plan. Y'all did nothing
your part of the problem.
When you get there, tell @robportman to sack up, and vote as he did when he was seeking reelection and/or the VPOTUS role.
They who do not repeal this for the American people WILL be replaced. I dont want Gov. telling ME I HAVE TO BUY THEIR JUNK ASS PRODUCT
Purpose.Dont waste this time and opportunity to really make a difference in the lives of the American people.We are suffering from obamacare
You do all your job and get your acts together to fulfill the promise you made to the American people. They elected you there for that pur
We are watching
Utah does NOT want ACA repealed !!!
And then we will vote you OUT
Sen. Lee, do it !! Let's repeal and work on it .
Next selling insurance across the state lines, Malpractice reform next.
Are you wearing your "I'm with Hillary" T-Shirt? RINO Loser.
Simple. All in favor of repeal, as promised to your constituents for years, say aye.
Mike, did you ask your fellow Senators if they were lying 2 years ago??
As a nurse: Stop encouraging ER visits and encourage primary and outpatient care! It'll save costs!
One page. #RepealObamacare
Stand strong fuck the fake conservatives.  Full Repeal.
Please listen to Rand Paul!
