Unfortunately, next week @EPAScottPruitt will be called a Russian spy. @SenSchumer to call for investigation
do you read these tweets? Citizens do not agree with you.
don't worry, Utah won't have those great skies after Pruitt's done with them.
HOW Much MONEY TO CHANGE your vote...come on i know I can buy your vote
@ACA please don't repeal the ACA!
How does anyone take an oath of office to uphold the law with the intent to frustrate and subvert it?
I disagree.  I want someone who will help the EPA do a better job not dismantle it.
your bank account getting a big hit Mike Lee? Not the guy for UT 84107
Yes because filing lawsuits against your future employees is always a good way to secure a role.
Have U red BIG AGENDA by D. Horowitz? Plez..do and give serious thoughts defunding leftist 501c3's. chk it&C
Let them eat CO2.
and for that vote of yours you will now be voted for. Stop being a girl. Be for the people not the party.
"We live in a time of fake news,” Rep. Chris Stewart said in a prepared videocast.  Stop being a parrot.
Bullshit.
please put America first before party, and ask for a bipartisan Special Select investigation of Russia-Trump. Now. Stand Up!
Mike Lee claims to restore constitutional leadership while destroying our constitution. Hypocrisy is appalling!
Thank Senator for looking out for the health and safety of your constituents here in Utah!
Yeah, thanks Senator Mikey. And thanks for meeting with Koch bros instead of your constituents.
Shame on you
"We'll be drinking dirtier water & breathing dirtier air...disturbing decision"  http://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/02/17/senate-confirms-worst-most-dangerous-administrator-epa-history …
@SenMikeLee @AGScottPruitt @EPA
Thanks Mike Lee. Now Pruittcan turn the whole country into poor Oklahoma. Thanks for nothing
How do you figure, a man who doesn't believe in environmental protection is the right man for the job? ?????
you really should attend Utah Town Hall to find out what your constituents think
and the kids getting asthma won't have health care because you don't care about them. Repeal the boogeyman
and you wonder why @OutdoorRetailer left Utah?
Why DID, Outdoor Retailer leave UT? I'd like to know. What's UR point?
yah we know mike.!that's who trump likes.
Mikey likes Koch $$$. Mikey likes Putin. Mikey like Cheeto Hitler. Complicit in destroying USA
, Until his misdeeds are uncovered. You can lead the charge then @SenMikeLee .
Mike Lee won't lead the charge on anything with an R by its name. Btw, R now stands for Russia
yep the right man to destroy americas environment, support corporations above americans.
what state does not rely on enviro. services? We can't take clean air/h2o for granted. Not a partisan issue
Your constituents have invited you to a town hall on Friday, 2/24, at 7pm at Cottonwood High. Please attend. You work for us!
for that comment, you are the WRONG man for your job. How much money in your pocket for this one?
I dare you to do your own research on this.
he knows exactly what he's doing....
lol. Omg. Ayfkm? #globalwarmingisreal
Mike, did you miss what's happening at home. Voters care about the environment. #outdoorretailer
senator- you're high
@Reagan_Girl @AGScottPruitt @EPA Cleanup Pollution in EPA stinky rules
how you can say that is mind boggling. Obviously, you haven't been spending much time with us in Utah.
your contempt for the environment and the world our children will live in is showing. Shame.
So you care more about money than the health of the people?
He will be a disaster for the environment
I disagree. Where are your principles? Not with good stewardship it seems.
Absolutely not. Boo @SenMikeLee for undermining our health and environment by voting @AGScottPruitt to head @EPA.
you vote against Utahns health. And the future of the earth.  Shame. #utpol #pollutingPruitt
come breathe SLC inversion air. After I take away your health ins. oops bad vote. #pollutingPruitt  #utpol
you mean he's the right man to make sure SLC has the worst air in the US every day? #utpol #pollutingPruitt
Pruitt is a tool of the oil & gas industry, always has been. Your vote is a SHAME to Utah. You're a Trump lapdog.
you would rather have the money go to the green energy industry right?
What money?
I call BS on this. #Worst man, NOT the right man for this job.
Yes he is! Just ask the oil and gas industry! They paid too much to not confirm him! Walk that party line!
disagree
Is that legal weed you are smoking? #shame
it is boggling to me how much you ignore your constituents.
Don't you understand EPA's role? Pruitt=wrong choice
great for everyone today. But I feel bad for your great grandkids.
you will not get my vote. You should have waited until email came out. You are DONE. 84121
give me one good reason as to why he is the right man for the job? Go on I'll wait.
I'll help you out here. The right man to correct EPAs unlawful behavior and overreach.
sad that you believe this from Ivins, UT
There goes the climate fraud hucksters piggy bank.@ScottPruittOK
Congratulations on voting against the will of the people. We put clean air and water ahead coal industries.
no he is not. And I will not vote for you!
Im a Utahn. I vote. I have a memory. So will history
Too bad Utah Moms for Clean Air & UT Physicians for a Healthy Environment didn't have enough $$ as big industry to buy your vote
Were you actually laying on a pile of fossil fuel bribe money like scrooge mcduck when you composed this bullshit tweet?
More evidence Mike Lee isn't right for his job.
. #alternativefacts
Thank you for flushing our environmental protections down the drain.
The same way I'm the right man for the job of making sure this guacamole stays uneaten.
Congress's utter contempt for a clean, healthy environment and for good government continues. Pathetic.
. The EPA's utter distain for rule of law and Congressional oversight will come to an end. About time.
And by job, you mean the GOP agenda...which pretty much runs opposite of the job description for head of EPA
Mike Lee shows total disregard of our constitution
For the job of dismantling the epa??
@altUSEPA The right job for this man is definitely NOT at the EPA. Fast food drive-through, maybe.
No he's not. Shame on you.
Thanks for voting to strip our land & ruin our health! Don't you know that economy & nature can work together? Join this century
In the post-truth Trumpian world, "right man for the job" means "industry whore who won't enforce the law".
And would you believe it, he has hired Senator Snowball's former staffers to help him whore. @jiminhofe
as we say in our family, "Do it to it, Pruitt!"
Thxs Sen Lee #DrainTheSwamp
if drain the swamp means replace with unreliable leaders, than I miss the swamp monsters.
We are sorry to see your support for @AGScottPruitt. We will now hold you accountable. #resist
Go away boo-boo... !
