No! Get out of here. This is how you spend your time?
DemokRATic Self-Distractions are Trump's Opportunities! While they occupy themselves, Trump must fulfill his agenda!
Help thyself genius.
It means do you own research and draw your own conclusions.
And you're a genius-clapper.
That's the problem; ifs, ands, buts, unconfirmed sources, unsubstantiated claims, are all anyone has on Trump. MSM is shite! #FakeNewsMedia
Well, there are his own tweets....
I'm disappointed that any GOP would ever think the president would be guilty! This is nothing but Dems trying to regain power! Ridiculous!
If thats true - Where is the special prosector for Obama & Hillary Clinton- WE KNOW THE BROKE LAWS!! POTUS was never found guilty of a crime
you will do all of these things unless Barack Obama is in office you are never Trumper you always have been you lost Trump won get over it
No
Yes most definitely I just want him gone for so many reasons
A simple "yes" would have sufficed.
Nope. We will go to war to save our president.  Obama committed treason and no one blinked. We will stand with Trump.
Trump is Dead Man Walking and the EPA has been called to fumigate his offices to remove the remaining stench.
No impeachment.   You're all nuts.   Get over it
He danced around that question that took a yes or no answer
Leaving Trump out of it, NSIC has determined that Russia DID attempt to interfere in our elections - why did you vote against new sanctions?
Never! The elites our out of control. We need our country back!
Such a slimey answer. This was a very specific question about how you intend to handle Trump abusing power *if he does/did*. #DoYourJob
How about provide one shred of actual evidence that doesn't involve " anonymous "sources and secret documents that no one is allowed to view
#LiberalLogic is illogical,  no facts no evidence but they lost so there4 they resist #ResistLiberalism
Best thing all this going after Trump will show it was the Democrats and Clintons who are the ones trying to take down America.
Hell No no way
If I read it right I would not except trumps inpeachment
As is typical you didn't answer the question. Big if but simple Yes or No answer. Who scripts your answers anyway?
Not until Obama, Hillary, Holder and Comey are held accountable too.  Tired of the double standards.
Senator, you should be ashamed of yourself for even asking this question! You should be supporting the president, not being a whispering,
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN WE HAD OBAMA??? HILLARY??? Sounds like sour grapes to me! @realDonaldTrump has already been a great President
Obama put ketchup on a hot dog and Repubs wanted to lynch him. Trump may have conspired with Russia and y'all don't even care to find out.
No. He said it was only okay for a kid to put ketchup on a hot dog.
cowardly RINO, whispering behind the president's back like a kid on the playground! I hope you get voted out of office the next election!
No , shame on you look at all Obama did an you didn't even talk about it, mike I liked you what the world are you doing , he is doing great
No, I would not..... After what the government has let Obama and Hillary get away with, why would anyone impeach a man trying his best?
No.
Comey has made faux memos to destroy Trump. Comey needed to come forth before he was FIRED,IF,he had anything. #ComeyObama-ClintonOpetative
Why is our government doing this instead of fixing actual problems with our country?
Fuck no
Where the hell have you been for the last 8 years?  Go away
Sooooo, yes? No? You didn't really answer the question, @SenMikeLee
It's a trick question ... what the @POTUS is accused of isn't #obstructionofjustice period!
The American people voted for Pres. Trump to run the country and you should support him. All the spineless NeverTrumpers will be voted out.
If it uncovers that he was obstructing justice on pretenses involving the Russia investigation, and it all turns out to be true. Then 110%.
I expect more from you and  conservative caucus. Circle the wagons around the president.... Save the country or repubs will lose everything
No! I would support primary any repub who will. Why cant you be like the dems? They are minority and control everything. Ur majority act it
OBAMA GOT AWAY W OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE & THE COVER UPS FOR 8 YRS USING HIS FALL BACK POSITION BEING BLACK AS HIS EXCUSE NOT TO BE TOUCHED
Why didn't you ask these questions of Obama?  Y'all let him push the limits and surpass them. His Admin nothing but corruption. No support
Remind me never to vote for another Republican w friends like Mike Lee what a Backstabber already trying to Impeach Trump asking for Support
Excellent answer
This is why your my favorite Senator.
Then you should be looking at Hillary and Obama.  Trump has been put through enough crap.
You did a great job of pussy footing around the question and not answering Mike, do better or lose backing
Why is it so hard for you (any politician) to answer a yes or no question. You puff up but NEVER said yes or no! We notice!!!
Pa-lease! You guys sat by and watched Obama shred the constitution and flaunt the law for 8 years
what a crock
NO
If scandal to prove Trump fraudulent, God set it straight. Dems are sore losers proved no integrity persisting animosity among US citizens
Nope. The red map of USA on election night...Trump is our @POTUS! U Dems/libs R obstructing the function of our govt & should be fired
Wow!!! Really???
NO. Obama Admin obstructed justice for 8 yrs and if somebody mentioned impeachment, they got labeled racist. BS. Not happening.
So what happens if they find somebody on the left side guilty that wears blue
Absolutely NOT!
Why not investigate Obama for spying on American citizen and paying Iran $400 million for ransom?  You need to focus on the right people.
Too bad, you won't get my vote.
MIke lee. We don't like you or any other GOP members. Your all collateral. Without trump. Your done.
Fair answer, @SenMikeLee.  I trust that you and your colleagues will act in good faith.  I really have no choice.
Mention impeachment again. Please. I think it is healthy for the http://GOP.com . Doesn't look self serving at all.
Enough is Enough....
This is getting old.  The people elected Trump and we need to let him do what he needs to do to help our country.
No one likes you Mike Lee. Go away!!! We love our President Trump. You're just another swamp politician. Who cares what you think!
They love mother Russia
Are you nuts?!?? Majority of congress are Republican. Trump supporters won't let that happen. Don't even try it! Don't even think it!
Sorry to break it to you, but there's no way Trump is getting impeached. They will uncover nothing. It's all a manufactured lie.
Good. Speak out, follow the law and put country first.
Why are so many @GOP Never Trumpers Trying to take down @POTUS Will this not hurt the Country more than serving Hurt Feelings.
This whole thing is bullshit
This is a witch hunt in search of a crime. IF YOU IMPEACH YOU WILL ALL LOSE YOUR SEAT- at very least. WEASELS-Especially YOU and McCain
Well, if they find evidence of that, then yes I would. No President should be above the law. The same thing should have happened with Obama
And I stress "IF"
It is BS the ONLY baseless allegation in DC gets a special prosecutor. Scum @GOP HIT JOB. ALL GO DOWN 2018- This is NOT the end
THIS IS BS. DISGUSTED W/ALL @GOP. So many flagrant crimes by Clintons AND COMEY- NO special counsel fuss- IRS, Foundations, Uranium to Ru
where's your interest if Comey was ask that by Pres why he didn't address it legally - stop trying to pander to left!
Nope. No way. Will not support. I've have to live under Barack Obama for the last 25...er I mean 8 years.
Please hold a real town hall, weather we agree or not you constituents will respect you for it.
Mike you GOP are toast if it comes to that. We suffered through 8 year of impeachable sludge. If GOP has no more respect for voters???!!!!
You GOP set through 8 years of corruption with not a peep & now you are letting the same corruption try to destroy our President w/out peep
If your lips are moving should we really hear cow flatulence ? 
No. This is bullshit
Where the hell were you when Comey, after public input from Obama, gave Hillary a pass.  You are a GOP Wuss.  go home.  DC is not for you.
Can we clone Mike Lee, please?
What not pursue the Ob oJ from just about anyone from the previous admin. ? Show the patriots you really care about the constitution + U.S.
No
He WAS impeached, but acquitted.
If bill can get a BJ and lie under oath and not face impeachment, why should trump?  Here is a thought: lets wait for facts!
That was a YES or NO question and you failed to answer it! #profileincowardice
But 0bama got away with abusing power and nothing was done
Oh please get off your soapbox.  Being a Senator is not about promoting yourself, it is about SERVING  the people.
Let's get a prosecutor for all 0bama and Clinton scandals too. Nobody has went to jail over the IRS scandal
So annoying
How about, "how will you explain all the wasted time if the investigation shows nothing?"
Where were you for the last 8 years! Said nothing, did nothing, fell in line with the rest of the bozos in congress! So we found our own!
No, specially after letting Obama the most corrupt president let off the hook by all of you!! DemocRATS , media and fake republicans
Ben wants this badly
Glad you recognize you swore an oath, now start abiding by it or you are complicit.
If questions are always bull shit, if a frog had wings he would not bump his ass!
We are watching
NO! The unhinged left is in witch hunt. I want to see all the comes, all the notes since he was director of the FBI
Will you support charging Comey for directly contradicting himself saying Trump asked the investigation to be halted. Not so much on 5/8 
They are setting us up
There has to proof that he knew what he was doing & to turn the word INTENT back on the Dems--must prove that obstruction was his intent.
Great format for a town hall meeting.  Thanks.
No & u shouldn't either u RINO
Does that make you an American In Name Only? Because I'm pretty sure this guy is just putting country before party.
If not true will whoever started it be arrested for treason or anything for falsely accusing out president of wrong doing?
Of course not and there in lies the problem. People can start any shyte stirring lie to cause trouble and suffer no ramifications for it.
You've become disgustingly self righteous. And you should know better. Good vs evil is the fight and you're unwittingly choosing the wrong.
None of this mattered in relation to Obama or Clintons abuse of power.
Hell no. Rather die in battle than live under communists (or the American blue haired version that thinks the concept of Mom is bigoted)
Apparently some Trump supporters aren't big fans of the Constitution.
Absolutely!
Funny how some republicans are now finding system of "checks & balances"rolled back w/Obama! Cowards afraid of MSM &DRats!Need2 grow a pair!
Y didn't u lying Republicans use those rules on Obama and Clinton Lerner Reid holder who who violated their oath of office and constitution
So where were you Senator for the last 8 years while Obama weaponized every Agency in US Govt, rampant corruption, spying, stolen money, etc
He One senator. He one of very few who tried and said anything during Obama. Welcome to politics
Tried to reach out via phone, email, social media, your website, AND this town hall. NOTHING. Ironically you live just up the road from me.
Obviously sir you forgot comey testified may 3 and said nobody has tried to stop/impede the investigation........check span tapes.
Yes or no, Senator.
Go dance with the Koch traitor brothers
He never said anything against Trump in this video.  But anyone who doesn't March lock step with Trump is now a traitor. SMH
He has backstabed him from the beginning! Lee can resign! No future for GOP! They eat their own for Chamber $$
Backstabbed him would imply he supported Trump.  Never did.  We'd be so lucky to have more Mike Lees, constitutional conservatives.
Mike Lee is a loser! Another Utah degenerate like Romney! Mike lee supported TPP! That would have gutted Constitution! Mike lee is a fraud!
Resign!!!!!!!!!
DRats getting a little ahead of themselves! Investigation on everything Russia may get ppl on other party out of the swamp!
A damn fine answer sir!
Can't wait to see what you find so we can know the truth. check out my YouTube channel, Concerned American Dad
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Trump only honest man in DC!GOP finished! Pence is vomit don't even think he can replace Trump!Give Schumer Gavel
These "Flubberbacks" need to take lessons from DEMS- Would be shouting PRESIDENT DID NOTHING WRONG
We can trust him. Republicans always keep their promises right? That's why ObamaCare has been repealed and the Wall has been built.
If you are the one promoting outrageous unAmerican activities, you will eventually be ousted by patriotic Americans for trying to scam him
Trump is going down, now Republicans will act like they couldn't do anything about the blatant corruption in the WH before today @SenMikeLee
@benshapiro nop and who r you to judge we should check you !
Go pass some legislationto better Americans. Do your job!
If no obstruction of Justice is found, what should become of politicians & media members that have called for Trump's impeachment?
You didn't answer the question...
Let's ignore @BarackObama, @billclinton, @HillaryClinton and all their clear violations of the CONSTITUTION AND COMMON LAW. #LOCKHERUP
It doesn't matter what anyone says now.  Everything will be classified from here on out good job no 1 will figure anything out now
Off to a bad start Mike: 1st Special Counsel Leak...."Flynn, Manafort 'key figures ' "
Fishing for support of you and your colleagues attempts to overthrow Trump, will not be tolerated. #MAGA
#AmericasAlreadyGreat #DoesntNeedADottyOldRacist
Civil war Mike
History is watching
No
Trump did not in any way obstruct justice. If Comey did not obstruct justice, ain't nobody ever has.
U all need to go home.We support.President.Trump!!!!!!
No
Sold out Our President all of you Rep. Good luck every winning again!  American people have lost faith in all of you! America lost today!
No!!
That was a very good, very measured answer Senator 
Hell no!
Are these your constituents?  I though you were a Republican?
Utah
These tools didn't work on obama did they? People have no trust in Government
Very grateful for your steadfast service in these difficult, turbulent times. Your father must be so proud of you. Thank you, Senator Lee!
If you are smart, you would jump ship now!
The answer better be YES!
No! We Trust Trump! What say you! Lee!
Why would you trust a KNOWN liar and conman???
Maybe youre using "trust" wrong???
Matt give back all the Free Stuff you take from the Gov't! Then maybe we will talk!
?
Um i dont get anything from the government
But i can see youre not smart enough to stay on topic just deflect and change subject
Try again
From what I can see you are a Snowflake! So go back to your Safe Room, rest and study hard for your test! LIFE!
Student!
Why did you clowns in congress overlook Benghazi, Iran deal, benghazi, fast n furios, etc but need special counsel for a fake Russia story?
