Don't keep your head down on #leakerinchief You were more than happy 2make emails a focal point & those didn't alienate allies! #DoYourJob
#FlipItBlue
No he is not DC people can't figure out business  people  DA
Senator, I will call your office every day to urge you to ask for an independent commission to investigate Trump/Russia.
And I will do the same asking to stop wasting money. Stop the crap and keep moving forward to get America back on track for the people.
This investigation is not a waste of money. They interfered in our election. Never mind, I just saw your tweets. 
It has been proven no interference!! FBI and all investigators etc.say there was none! GET FACTS STOP BULLSHIT!! Hilary was LIAR candidate!
There is more to the store is there not? Ask all the questions! TRUMP IS DOING WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE! New stragities, or did u forget that?
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You said Trump is cooperating with the Russian investigation? What planet are you living on??? Utah will remember come voting time...
Imagine what republicans could accomplish if they stood firm like democrats. #jealousofthem. #republicanwindsocklee
Alexander the Great was the last person to win in Afghanistan. You could put a million men for a century there without accomplishing a thing
You are not republican because you have been up the butt of Ried. Friends with Jose you kicked people off there land DA
You should enroll. After all U have a pension. You should be fighting for our country for the benefits you have. All u do is hurt R country
It wouldn't, time to dump #TrumptyDumpty and his insane agenda!
Support America before Party!
That's like asking how eating right and working out are gonna help you reach your weight loss goals.
trump cooperating? Mike Lee - you are either #stupid or a #liar
Anyway, who would fight at the behest of the treasonous grifter in the White House?
Why Garland so that means you want no trial on Obama's Treason and Hilary's many issues and the rest of their cronies that are corrupt.
It won't.  The entire country is a pos.  The only place with running water is the capital.
to keep throwing treasure at the countryside is a fools errand.
no one needs to die outside of the capital wearing a united states military uniform any longer.
our tax dollars need to fix bridges and roads in the United States of America.  We don't blow them up here after we build them.
it should be a capital only strategy.  Obama had it right.  Stop talking like the bought and sold military hardware man you are.
we can't force self determination or societal change in areas of world that are sparsely populated.  See red states for details.
Long term nation building only works in areas with pre war infrastructures that will be missed.  You can't just build them to civilization.
Saw you this morning about Drumpf, Bring'em Young PeePee toad boy, I knew your Merrick Garland a taunting, sarcastic TWIT from a twit.
Mike you're a common fake republican working for Soros. Complain about ACA for years then have no plan. Shame on you
We will not forget your support of this corrupt lying WH. And that you think Sessions should be involved in hiring new FBI director.
It  would not .16 plus years in that rathole of a country Let the locals fight it out Its incredible that people label it of strategic value
@POTUS @FoxNews @WashTimes SEN LEE PROBABLY MISQUOTED BY FAKE NEWS CIVILIANS MUST LET GENERALS DO THEIR JOB ASK GENS MATTIS DUNFORD & NELLER
Seriously? When this president will allow the military to do what it was trained for, the difference should be evident.
I pray pray pray we don't increase troops in Afghanistan. We have enough problems here at home. We don't need a Third World War!
we are not one party, the Resistance is a United move to impeach and imprison this president
the majority is fueled on fear right now.
Our goal unseat anyone with trump, 
Getting majority and impeaching trump.
when or who will be the republican hero that stops this administration?

The rest are losing their jobs.
Well, general, possibly this needs a classified briefing?
Our country is under attack from a treasonous #POTUS sitting in the Oval Office and a complicit #Congress! Do your job! #ImpeachTrump NOW!!!
Do the right thing and we won't run you out of Utah.
I do believe that is the first thing I have agreed with you on. Please stand up for your country and oppose Trumps
Hateful and dangerous policies.
Now, a more important question.  When are you going to break ranks with your GOP cronies and confront so-called POTUS?
War is fought by mostly young men who never are taken care of properly when they return with their physical or/and mental scars. No more war
That does need explaining.
I think it would be insane & like leading lambs into slaughter to send even 1 more of our precious military into that death zone#Enough!
It's the graveyard of empires... Get out while we still can!
Good question
This time? Isn't this the same time as 16 years ago?
How would you increase the number of women in the "working group" looking at healthcare? Should it really have not one voice at the table?
It probably won't. Maybe more 'blow back?' You know, the old 'eye for an eye' scenario.
Don't care...  what are you doing about bipartisan support for a special counsel to investigate Trump/Russia?
That would be a question for Generals and Sec. of Defense
Outside of making Afghanistan our 51st state, there is not a different outcome.
You question @POTUS @realDonaldTrump after a few months & that outrageous spending bill while including the possibility of BILLIONS
already wasted in years past while @GOP @HouseAppropsGOP had majority?! GMAFB. You're all hypocrites! #DrainTheSwamp
& @justinamash 2020?
.It wouldn't. War means violence. Politicians who do not know war do not understand the level of violence needed to win wars. Our loss.
Define win.  When was the last time US won a war of invasion, what was the cost?
Panama, Grenada, and Gulf War One. All the others, ALL the others (Korea, Vietnam, OIF, OEF, Somalia, Iran were political gross negligence.
Ok, now compare the size and proximity of those countries to Afghanistan, Iraq, or Syria (we better hope not)
Take your pick. Settle the Middle East or let it become a haven for terrorists. There really isn't a 3rd option with these crazies
The U.S. does not want peace in the region - a destabilized M.E. means they'll never manage their own resources. U.S. contractors win.
TAKE CARE OF THE BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS CO-SPONSOR SConRes12 & S422
It's called rules of engagement that finally benefit our forces instead of the enemy. Obama had us hold back so often it's insane!
I'm thinking that Trump will make profit... and after all, isn't that why he became president?
/s
It won't fuck Afghanistan and the whole middle east
Do you support an independent investigation?
