If rebels are the only ones with lethal gas weaponry, how is Assad getting collared for this? ... something really fishy about this "story".
.@97Musick On Nash conserv radio, they report Assad does have them but ones used don't fit his & reports conflict it's him. @SenMikeLee
Doesn't make sense Assad would use gas now... anti-Assad forces maybe, or deep state. Somebody wants us deeper in war. I say NO!!!
Assad was testing Trump admin comments which basically said he could do what he wants (because that's what Putin wanted them to say)
Just watch....
I have been.
We should be out of this mess... let UN call for action and investigate who did  gassing. I don't believe media or the warhawks' propaganda
You're saying you don't believe Assad did this particular gassing of civilians, or any of the past instances as well?
I am much less concerned with that than I am with knowing what would happen after. What replaces Assad?
That is something people need to ask 
Are we ready to accept the worse case scenario if we over throw Assad
I would shoot Assad right in the face if they can guarantee me that what comes after is a peaceful Syria. Without that we need to slow down.
Same here 
But after Iraq and Libya you would think we would learn our lesson about taking out dictators without planning for the aftermath
There is typically no viable realistic option. Another wannabe authoritarian will slide right in.  @Gray_Wolfs76 @Brian51207316 @SenMikeLee
Our media tells us lies more often than they tell us the truth.
When it comes to the #Constitution, you can't pick & choose.Yet you'd undermine the states with your federal iPoker ban bill.
Please support online poker
NV NJ & DE prove daily that US/state based Internet poker is safe for consumers. Yet you continue to coddle billionaire Sheldon Adelson why?
.@SenMikeLee Yet you'd undermine the states with your federal iPoker ban bill. When it comes to the #Constitution, you can't pick & choose.
Oh God a Republican defending the Constitution 

I thought all the others died in the zombie apocalypse
Not really. @SenMikeLee only defends the parts of the #Constitution he likes.
Licensed U.S. online poker sites' age & identity verification technology keeps underage players off their sites.
Please support regulated online poker in America.
Our nation's governors ask that you stop trying to usurp the right of  their states to authorize #poker websites: http://www.nga.org/cms/home/federal-relations/nga-letters/economic-development--commerce-c/col2-content/main-content-list/internet-gaming.html …
If the US waits for proper authorization of Congress on everything we will never get anything done.
Maybe you should brush up on The Authority given to the commander-in-chief concerning enforcement of chemical weapons treaty.
Please drop your support for a nationwide Internet poker ban. It's anti-Tenth Amendment & anti-liberty. Poker Players Vote!
as one of your constituents in Heber, I strongly support this position. Thank you.
100% accurate! Demand it Senator!
Please Support Regulated Online Poker!  Oppose all Federal & State Poker Bans!  Prohibition of Regulated Online Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
Your 15 minutes are over. Eff off dude, Trump is so better qualified than you
All you guys in Congress can't be counted on, you all throw each other under the bus Sad
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
Stop trying to ignore the 10th Amendment. Withdraw your support on a national online poker ban. A fredom enjoyed worldwide except here.
Please also follow the Constitution when it comes to online poker. You can't just pick your favorite parts to follow. Respect the 10th.
Following the Constitution is the way to go. Like allowing the state's to decide on issues like regulation of state run  online poker!
Please support regulated online poker in America. Thank you!
agree w the #poker tweets! Online poker = great way for states to raise revenue & provide consumer protection! #Fight4Poker
Your only concern is if you can keep your hands clean or not and point the finger at someone else if something goes wrong
Why Assad launched a gas attack days after Trump said he wouldn't seek regime change in Syria while Assad winning with conventional weapon?
If you say it I believe it but, there can be no surprise attack at that point.  How do you square that?
Where were you for the past 8 years?
approve and regulate online poker
Did I miss President calling the U.S to war? Because THAT would require congressional approval.
.@SenMikeLee DON'T approve war against Syria. Reports everywhere unsure it's Assad. #SyriaHoax
I think we should defer to the professionals on this we just had 8 yrs of doing nothing and the world is less safe. It will come to us!
that was not the right occasion for congress to get involved. We have men on the ground and what Assad did made it a quick move
How are YOU standing up for the Constitution...for your own Utah constituents? https://www.facebook.com/callmegav/posts/10155684049632580 … #SenMikeLee #CONSTITUTION #USA < OATH
If you can get congress off their lazy asses to do something
correct. Red tape has taken on a whole new meaning. The color red while driving means stop. They did !!!
How about reading and following the law? Ever heard of the War Powers Act? You're a hypocrite Lee!
But he won't
lay off Mike  Trump did good!  Are you oandering?
Why don't you try to support Trump for once. I'll not vote for you again unless you support him going forward.
that sounds like a deal.I'm with u on this one.Nobody gets another vote until they help the man at the top.Great idea
@VeritasEver @Savvastzionis you're making the quaint notion that we're a nation of laws, historical record suggests otherwise

We have 60 days
his head military man gave him his options and he went with the one where nobody gets killed. Message received. Done
Don't know which is more damaging, Liberals with their #fakenews agenda or these circus clowns of the 115th Congress. #Doyourjob #TermLimits
Mike ~  Doesn't the President have Congressional Authority - already - for this kind of stuff ???
yes he does. That's why I don't get what they keep bitching about. Trump was well within his right as POTUS. Great job
Do u think founding fathers would channel the same aggression they fought against...
Thank you Mike.  We need more elected officials who understand and care about the constitution. I didn't trade one dictator for another!
Well, when we let Trump's unconstitutionality go on other things,
that's what happens
If the US is to increase use of military force in Syria, we should follow the Constitution and seek the proper authorization from Congress.
none needed. whole world knows the POTUS can wage war for 30 days without anyone's approval. Not needed in this one
60 days under the war powers act. After that it must be declared under A1,S8,C12
Mike the POTUS has the power for a one time strike for reason.  Suprise is not a surprise when Congress is notified. POTUSs from Regan same.
It is about damn time that the leaders of this country respect the laws and rules that have made our nation so great. None are above the law
Shut up and get behind the president.  You sound like a liberal.
Is meant to do. The only reason for states to come together is for military force protection and mediation w/other counties. Evil should B 
totally agree but that delay helps Russia cover things up
Really? Politics has no place in security. Declaring war maybe...maybe. People really need to read up on our constitution&what federal govt
agree!
You mean like Obama did
You guys can't stand up to MCCONNELL!!!!! HOW THE HELL CAN TRUMP TRUST YOU TO TAKE ACTION
Ya,right ! We all know how well y'all play together! Not, say'n Trump was right or wrong, I'm say y'all can't even run investigations !
We shouldnt go into syria.
So when Obama, Clinton, kerry, rice, etc all gave a thumbs up to target Libya with airstrikes, then come to congress you didnt speak out
Amen now grow some balls and tell the idiot in charge that
I don't believe POTUS said he was looking for increased military force?Congress repubs worthless traitors Esp McCain&Graham#draintheswamp
Its reasoning like you and Rand Paul that has gotten our world in shape it's in. Last nights bombing was just a warning !!
Not from this incompetent Senate led by Dems, never Trumpers including you.
Quit with a the politics. @RandPaul and the rest need to #backtrump. Trump only needs congress to go to war!
Well DUH! But not for Obama!! We ain't touching that for him!!
As I understand it, congress likes to just make up new rules as they go along. #LetUsNukeTheWorldWhileWeAreAtIt
PPP.          C, 8
Absolutely NOT!!! No military force in Syria. Did we learn nothing from the Iraq quagmire? No more globalist wars!
Any thought of him coming back to the White House? Situation Room? Meet with military advisors? Nope! Gotta make money for Mar-a-Largo
With all due respect, if you are going to signal a US military operation to the enemy via the MSM, act first and permission later.#winning
Why? Congress can't get anything done. They debate and debate and finally have to change decades of tradition to accomplish something.
The constitution states that he needs congressional approval to go to war, not to use an air strike.
I'm hoping chem attack on innocents was not Putin plan using Assad to enable response by US-increasing trump popularity. Probably not but ?
At this time who knows what trump & Russia capable of since he has worked w Russia on US election & still will not utter a negative of Putin
Trump whiplash suspect; plan to leave Assad in power-chem attack-Assad attack. All in 48 hours. Not first or worst chem attack. Very odd
But he checked with Putin first. In Trumps mind that counts
Omg, congress? It would take decades for them to decide!
That's the warning from worried conservatives that do not trust this administration..
Old Negative Mike...You never have and never will like Trump..Get off his ass and support him...ROMNEY lost.
shut your mouth asshole, he didnt need your permission for what was done. you have kids? would u sing the same tune if they were gassed?
Congress has kicked the can down the road for years Potus  doing the will of the people. Get it right guy we dont answer to u
he don't need your permission
You want Trump to present a PLAN. Now that makes me LAUGH. In any case, I hope it beats TrumpCare. A Clear And Present Danger. All of you.
What a hypocrite, you just supported the rule change for Gorsuch
True dat.  Have to agree with that one.
Hey Mike, we all know this was a set up to take our eyes off #TrumpRussia.If he really cared about children he would have LET THEM IN...
Can't wait to get you primaried.
thank you for thinking with your head & heart in what is the right way to do things in #publicoffice
I agree - going forward. That said, I support what POTUS did to the airbase from which the illegal barbaric sarin attack was launched.

Answer These 14 Questions Before You Push For U.S. War In Syria http://thefederalist.com/2017/04/06/so-you-want-to-go-to-war-in-syria-to-depose-assad-can-you-answer-these-questions-first/#.WOelAtLZLz5.twitter … https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/850299422575648768 …
There is an existing AUMF. Also check on something I believe is called The War Powers Act. .@senMikeLee .@realDonaldTrump
This coming from Mike Lee, surprises me.
Follow the Constitution?  What a concept!!  Hell, why start now? Nothing else President Traitor has done has followed our laws
so you and your friends on the other side of the aisle can warn the Syrians and Russians in advance?
Congress can't agree today is Friday
By time the Senate is done bickering and making a scene in front of the american people, this strike wouldn't have been as effective.
Pretty pissed off that you bunch of never Trumpers are as bad as Democrats. We elected POTUS stop blocking him or reap what you sow.
So what? Ask Congress and wait while you bunch of babies argue for months while the world explods?
Would be nice if you would just support POTUS for once rather then grandstand on Fox on an important morning like this.
Debate the plans in public with live feed on CNN.
You sounded pretty lame in that interview, Senator
What is wrong with you? Seriously?
Disappointed that you find compassion & human decency an "abstract concept." Doing the morally right thing is always in national interest!
Trump was within constitutional right as commander in chief
This doesn't require senate approval. It is not a long extended attack . President did not declare war. Has the right to react.
Within his power.  Support the President.
Saw you on Fox News this morning..@Potus does NOT need your permission for that particular STRIKE! Why ask Congress,  NO HEALTHCARE, DUH!!
So are you standing against Pres. Trump or with him and the American People. I know you are more concerned with vacation time.
You would think but I'm not so sure that will happen
@SenMikeLee gimme a break. He is sending a message to Assad and all the bad actors of the world. New sheriff in town. No chemical weapons!
 Your statements this morning re:measured,targeted response of USA Syria's use of chemical weapons.Tillerson stated no change in policy.
If its war then yes its needed.  What he did was within his authority and didn't need authorization from confused Republicans or Democrats
I would like to know what the immediate threat to our security was to initiate this attack without consulting congress.
You say 'should', I say MUST! You are either allowing this or you are not. Congress granted this power and it can be taken away. #DEBATE
Every military strike requires a Declaration of War?
I don't think so
Why to watch a bunch of kindergarten kids argue? LOL
You said Congress shows deference to #potus with things like this. Why wasn't that the case when congress voted NO on Syria w) Obama?
Why waste time with a bunch of idiots
agree but one strike to protect our military assets, stop war crimes like this and violation Russia agreement to rid of chem weapons needed.
Interesting because he could care less about the Constitution.
Somebody needs to read and explain the constitution to Donnie
zero reason for the President to bring congress a plan so it can be leaked to the enemy during public debate
For once we agree.
I agree with @SenMikeLee . That's a first!!
Agree
Maybe need to go back and re read the Constitution.
And argue back-and-forth for weeks and tip our hand as to when and what and where. Genius! Go home.
But he got authorization from Putin!
Don't just "authorize" military action but declare war as the Constitution says!
I am actually confused on what the proper authorization is now.  Didn't Congress change the rules under GW regarding "actions"?
@CNCKSTER Hopefully, it stops gerem
That should be easy to achieve. No US senator would want to be on record voting against
It appears DJT will do as he pleases with no resistance from GOP. I don't believe patriots are governing us any more. Very scary.
Agreed. The @GOP gave us what we need to unseat every one of them.
No! You don't ask you don't talk about and you don't inform!! You strike with precision & you strike hard! Period!
Love the thought but I don't believe any president in my lifetime has done this. Why start now?
Yeah but how Trump going to look "tough" to all the girls if he has to ask permission?
Get a grip...
I seriously doubt you'd spew your crap over simular actions taken by Reagan, Bush 41 & 43, or if it would've been pres Cruz...
The missile strike in Syria was strategic!It was not an act of war & did not need Congressional approval!You are not the Commander & Chief!
Is only brought about by your hatred of Trump, & I seriously doubt you would spew the same crap was Bush, or if it was a CIC Cruz...
Congress has its head so far up its arse it can hardly make a competent decision, let alone 1 that requires swift decisive action #NoThanks
What a load of nevertrumper crap! Get over yourself already, and your self righteous crap. Lets get one thing straight Lee, your comment
I like you a lot but y'all take too long to do anything. This needed decisivness & execution to be effective.
@berningman16 ... which was denied to Obama
Duh.
The use of weapons of mass destruction is a specifically horrific act. Response to it needed to be immediate .
Just like when you were too scared to vote for AUMF in 2011 with Obama. You lie.
Why do only Republicans have to follow the Constitution?
Did not need congressional approval for what was done.  Read the law.
Trump followed the War Powers Act, which was passed by Congress.
That would be great.
Check ratified 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention. Likely authorized response to sarin.
and what did you do when Obama ask you to
Yes, the same authorization they gave PBO when he went to them about saren gas attacks previously...
No, Senator Lee,not that Pres "should"follow the foundation of our country,he MUST follow it!! Trump is NOT ABOVE our Constitution! Impeach!
One and done! Someone finally stood up for the downtrodden. Thank God for Donald Trump.
Maybe the Gorsuch nomination can stop until wider Q about the current situation can be answered
MUST!!! Not SHOULD!!!
not should, must
Why start now? You have already destroyed it.
@POTUS breach of the #Constitution and #Congress is a serious hit into Democracy! Someone should immediately start the impeachment process.
@realDonaldTrump following the constitution what novel idea
@LAMusing what are the repercussions for not doing so?
a stickler for the letter of the law. So Assad waging genocide for 6 years with impunity must be legal.
no offense senator.   If we waited on congress to do anything it would never get done.  Your archaic rules need updating.
Your House Utah buddy @jasoninthehouse refuses to do his Oversight, since he's too cushy with Joshua Kushner & @nuskin's dirty Chinese $$$$.
Why ? Do congress can punt like you did with obama in 2013???
Last I checked no one in Wash. is following Constitution. @POTUS is in violation of Emoluments Clause & @SenateMajLdr went Nuclear 4 #SCOTUS
Putin will support anyone willing to give him control Syrian warm water port and oil. Don't let Trump's action deflect from #trumprussia.
WAY TO STAND WITH OUR PRESIDENT AND OUR COUNTRY SENATOR!!...#SHAME
And you were so strong with Obama. Never.
