This is a man that doesn't mind big government controlling women's healthcare and their uteruses.
Protecting the unborn is inline with liberty and freedom.  A woman can buy her own healthcare the way she wants, noones stopping her.
Or, are you saying men have no responsibility or concern here?!
Nobody is saying that. Men should protect the unborn the same as a woman should.
What about preventing unwanted pregnancy?
Are you intentionally being obtuse? Do you not understand the concept of PREVENTING a pregnancy from occurring in the first place?
I'm referring to after the fact.
Use a condom or buy birth control pills or don't play around. Did you ever hear of personal responcibility?
Mike Lee is one of the few politicians that knows whats good for the people when it comes to liberty and freedom.
No, it's trump who's not working in Gov't! But why is @FoxNews the ONLY people living in the trump dysfunction bubble? #unfit #unstable
Because it's the right way of thinking, why do you think it's called the right? 
Freedom and liberty should be the norm.
Ummm... No. Wrong as usual. @GOP has done everything possible to undermine #ACA. #RepairNotReplace
Breath of fresh air!!
I want libs to point out any country under total government control that has ever worked....waiting....
Like the castros and Khomeini and Putin? Good question for obama.

Thank you Senator. Wish the rest of govt were good guys, with America's best interests, above their's. Amen to pulling out of Paris bad deal
You are grossly mistaken. You will be disappointed the day that you find out about his payouts.
I may, but like what I've heard from him. DC is dirty & anybody, including our Pres, is courageous to take it on. Global enemies out there.
So a neglectful "gov't thing" worked better huh? How many recessions have we had in hist? How many recessions began or followed Repub admins
You Sir, should have a million followers'. Watch you on TV and you know what you are talking about. No bull comes our of your mouth!
Right big give fails how about brought nation back from 08 crisis, lowered pollution, lowered unemployment rate, made people healthier
Change in Strategy ~TechTransformation should've started 2010;instead ob_hc took $hundredsMillions UStreasury>regim change,fundd ISIS etc
Ob&CLNTNS=multimillionaires, mansions;Americans&USA impoverishd,SocioeconCollapsd IndustrialEra+SHARIAcrime org+illegal immig org.crime biz
What a joke 44 had nothing to do with Sharia law you believe all the nonsense that Trump spewed out, Trumps buddies are billionaires
Your version of government is just as big, only meaner.
I like the fact that m. lee is a conservative- I would appreciate if these guys wrote fewer books and worked more. #MAGA
Sir, you and @tedCruz are keeping conservatives from crawling into bed with DEPRESSION!  Please keep getting the message out there.
I remember the days we had real leadership in the White House & Congress. Now the clowns taking us right down the tubes
The founders NVR intended gvt to be the monstrous machine that it is!! If they were alive today they'd be hvin heart attacks
Well said wow u came around and support the Trumpster I'm impressed God bless
hope you have insurance. Trauma bills are yuge! I know covefefe.
My health has been a horror show since birth I have been in endless hell with debts I pray for better I'm just grateful I'm an American
If U think we can govern the US post the industrialization/urbanization as we did when it was a rural, agrarian,simple society, U R A nut!
Me add more afraid of Democrats in this country than I am of Isis.
If it didn't work why was slogan for DT make America great again from the late 40s to late 70s income was better and gov was bigger
AGREE little Fed govt just = rewards rich, lower corp taxes, raise already absurd CEO salaries
You are never forced to to do business with an overpaid CEO. But your government is unavoidable, therefore it is not a moral equivalency.
Your wrong @realDonaldTrump wants all infrastructure built by big corp that's paying massive profits to CEOs from my tax dollars
Appalled at the stupidity and simplistic thinking of this man.
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
Last time GOP was in office it led to the last financial crises - there's that thought...
1. Rs should not have given this 'big government thing' the 'hard college try'!!!
2. Rs were supposed to represent the people!
3. Fix it,Now
"Putting America at risk for the Destruction of Trump is a direct attack on America!" Stop Attacking America!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @FoxNews
It didn't work bc the @GOP obstructed govt, then threw hands in the air and said it didn't work. Working for @FoxNews is shameful.
Number 3 in ratings  awsome
It's not big or small,it's have the right Vision USsociety for future&then build govt model to support&fulfill that vision&Change as needed.
Says the guy who tried to use Big Government to rob the President of his confirmation during the primary.
What about it hasn't worked?
That's because the GOP is completely incapable of governing! DUH.
Hasn't worked??
Lack of perfection does not equal failure, Mr. Senator.  Your big salary and power base hasn't worked.
*we've
The government today is smaller than it was when Reagan was president. Small government doesn't work #realfacts #notalternativefacts
You wish
Omg. Our country is lost in a few short months. You all would follow him off a bridge. The Russians have won and you let them.
We have never seriously committed to envi protection. I spend the 7 mo DFW is out of compliance w/ the clean air act in misery bc of asthma.
Now you are telling me I don't deserve healthcare, despite cost caused by your failure to protect me from things I can't stop myself
@MSNBC  @pet1713 @SenMikeLee Right. Who is We? The Koch?
Hate big government but still waiting for someone to really show how a tiny government works.
What... does he mean Democracy?
Dems believe in personal responsibility & do believe in backing our blue; we want jobs. We also believe SS & Medicare are essential.#patriot
Dems want to work, they are into personal responsibility--they also believe @GOP serves Koch Bros; DEMS believe SS & Medicare are essential
Crazy town
@SenMikeLee you are so right. Government must be reduced & spending must controlled.  The time is now to be bold!
I will take dems big govt over the small minded russian owned reps who answer to a derelict anyday. We the people did not elect him. Loser.
Possible to stop seeing the world as Big Govt/Small Govt...and use a blend that makes sense????????
Fiscally conservative & socially liberal (not radical crazy liberal- centered)
"We given this Ted Cruz thing...a very long, hard college try. It hasn't worked." -
Yeah because republicans keep on screwing it up in order to claim it's screwed up. Gotta hand it to you guys...very clever 
@BoyajianDiann Also, women have a say in this country because of liberal values.
Lying #pos
Wow that is refreshing someone is finally getting it.
Great book tour.  More of  USA needs to meet Senator Mike Lee.
Annnnd the GOP in Congress aren't doing a damn thing about it.  Even though they are in "charge".
It's working for @jaredkushner who is exploiting EB-5 and low cost loans for his big BLDG in NJ.@tedcruz won't do a thing @ closing loophole
@BoyajianDiann Yes, making money, baby! Ethics? What ethics? The Lord forgives.
You should have payed more attention in college. And maybe you should try harder and stop being a quitter. Quitting is easy, work is hard.
Look at every single Democrat run big city!  How can anyone think Dem dependency / socialism works?!
FACT
This is so spot on.
Big Government doesn't work, let me show you how! ~ GOP.

I'm fed up with the GOP because they get nothing done
You left out expensive. Oh yeah, expensive does not begin to describe the money thrown away(where?)in just the last eight years.Investigate?
money spent on golf trips, security detail at Mar-a-Lago, tax break for the rich. Sorry Dave, this WH ran out of money. None for U
This Whitehouse was out of money long before trump got there. Those golfing trips are actually buisiness trips making money hand over fist
Then quit talking about it and do something. We have the house, senate & Presidency. Get to F'n work. #talkischeap
Thank a you Senator Lee fir standing for truth &; our founders. Our constitution has long been guarded by the watchmen like you.
You are grossly mistaken. You will be disappointed the day that you find out about his payouts.
#senmikelee is spot on. Great summer read for kids and adults.
Government has ruined everythbg except the gov't employees' net worth and retirement annuities.
I love @SenMikeLee  He is one of the good guys!
@tedcruz @SenMikeLee we need Federalist agenda and approach to governance
Keep fighting senator Cruz!
Resist socialism.  Embrace personal responsibility.
Big Government Is not the answer to anything, it should be on State Levels. Read the book then talk! The DNC Party care about is power!Only!
umm... DNC cares about women's rights. Ask Mike Lee about battered women, raped women, underpaid women....
NO.DNC&hc do not support vulnerable women:attacked,disabled,traumatized hc eliminated all sppts JFK/RFK/LBJ.
DNC &HC are liars...thieves &scumbags ..violate laws protecting vulnerables.
Just heard You On Mark Levin and I would like to thank You For All You Do and thank you for writing this book!
Why is he letting those Fox & Fools interview him?
Time and again the GOP rants against "big government" and then proceeds to grow it at a pace that far exceeds that of Democrat adminis.
Ah yes...indeed...but it grows in wrong ways,bureaucratically, but cuts&fails supports of ppl in USAsociety..THAT IS PROBLEM~>do right stuff
Yes but remember US was built on freedom of religion, press and equality. We are immigrants of all nationalities. Bring back our values.
SHARIA=political&crimes&antithetical2democracy.ShariaMuslims need pick spiritual faith/write new minus sharia;or choose go2SHARIA country.
After M Garland joke proved Lee just another REpug SmackedAss owned by Trump.Made GOP Party 4ever moreThe Party Of NOTHING GOOD!
There needs to be coordination between Fed and State when redistributing power. Else, you create a vacuum for tyrants to exploit.
What is your plan to coordinate with state government to ensure a power vacuum doesn't occur?
@SenMikeLee So, how about term limits? Your colleague #retirehatch has been in office for 40 years!! #utpol #TermLimits #Addicted2Power
@tedcruz bill term limits/?after ppl in washdc for 4yrs they lose sense w/reality ppl's country;see all 'thru bureaucracy glass darkly'=FAIL
Wisdom shoken here.
You seem to be under the impression that US can do anything and the world will still follow. Wrong, they will turn away, maybe to China?
Definition of madness is doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results! Trump is the change agent.
you will read in your grandkids social studies book when the world stopped caring about USA - 2017
Don't you mean trickle down economics? @SenateGOP @SenateDems
At least we have a few congresstional members with common sense. You tell them, Senator Lee!
So you're going to cut jobs?
Like having part-time politicians, who have real jobs & aren't always campaigning? Whose staff budgets aren't over 1m a year? Fine with me!
The Senator did not answer Claytons question. Just pushed his book.  Instead of writing books how about voting and doing your friggin job.
It was never supposed to happen in the first place had we stuck to the CONSTITUTION !!!!!!!!  Asshats SMH
Cut government in half or 3/4th.
- Chomsky
PRIVATIZATION OF US GOVT DEPOTS =TREASON AGAINST US CONSTITUTION, "PUNISHABLE BY DEATH".Don't dare even think it.If you can't see why,ask me
Except for SSA & millions of srs out of poverty, & Medicare & Medicaid & ACA so millions have # healthcare,  & EPA clean air & H2O etc etc
What is definition of insanity? "Doing the same thing over & over again & expecting a different result." When will we learn?
you are too smart for this party covefefe
#alternativefacts #alternatereality #fakenews #spin
Mike Lee is a scumbag  needs to be voted out feel sorry for the people  of  Utah
Mike Lee is another talker. That is what he's good at. GET SOMETHING DONE!  We're tired of excuses. If they wanted tax reform we'd have it.
If you want big government go to Iran
Your idea of fed govt = smaller funding to states and let them and citizens sink or swim provide rich & Corps with massive tax breaks SHAME
Obama and his ideologies of extreme Islam Extremist terrorist and I still believe his backdoor deals with the Iran will be are doing in
I agree. Americans first. Throw out the democrats and the independents. I stand behind covefefe.
CONGRESS and Senate not going to correct debacle?Their Trough would not continued to be filled with our lp tax $
November 2018 Primary all
Since it seems to be quite the trend to mark the president and tear him apart insult  and disrespect him let me just say how much I hated
To your reply about Kathy Griffin she is the terrorist of this country and the Democrats and all of Hollywood that follow her
Well I'm glad to hear someone On the tele tube saying what some of us have been saying for years!
At what point and time have Republicans ever worked with the Obama administration?
The Republicans are democrat lite, they always go along with the big government statist crap comming out of the democrat party.
Most oppositional bunch of do nothings ever ....
We want to live our lives without big brother gov't telling us how to live.  Glad people are finally waking up and fighting back against it.
are you ok with rights for gays and raped women who choose abortion? They are other people, right?
Good analysis-SHORT-but PPL should Watch-take this in-TY
Big govt not perfect but your idea "trickle down economics" which rewards rich has been PROOVEN to be failure lead to ENORMOUS deficits
Let's do it
We aren't a European country or European people. The more we adopt a European type of governance, the worse we get.
It has not worked because (R) have done everything to make fail. (R) are more concerned in making it fail than making gov. Work for the ppl.
Washington is too far removed from us working peasants
No more VA, no more defense ? Oh no, only getting rid of the government that helps the poor
Our government is an oligarchy designed to meet the needs of the elite few. Empirical evidence supports this claim.
Big Government = BUREAUCRACY = INEFFICIENCY = DEMOCRATS
cliche = cliche = cliche = drama = doublespeak = more taxes for you! Less healthcare for you!
FOX NEWS is a state sanctioned propaganda outlet for the Trump/Putin Regime, Be very very careful with your mind, WARNED YOU
And the MSM is the mouthpiece for the Demonrats SMH
A Trump Hero,Where is Israel,don't know,what's Paul Ryan's name,don't know,what country did you bomb, don't know
And we keep feeding it, it promotes lethargy, confusing red tape, and no self sufficiency, will, or incentive. Society at a new low....
Government grew large because of the necessity to protect citizens from abuses by the powerful. This clown wants to return to feudalism. No.
Time 4 Senate/House Reps get off their behinds & get  @realDonaldTrump & ppl's agenda done that 84% of counties he won  voted for Nov 8th
Re healthcare American Enterprise Group ultra conservative stated 66% of nation now supports ACA NOT ACHA NO MANDATE
covefefe ...shucks, not again... snore... I know the best words. Haha. 
"... for our paying clients whose interests we are representing."
Except when big government can regulate vaginas or LGBT civil liberties right?
Who is regulating your vaginas? do what you wish. We will no longer PAY for it:)  same with your LGBT agenda.  Do what YOU wish.
DON'T WANT GOVERNMENT in my business
