What exactly is your job?
Sorting through her instagram pics
Yes, if she wants us to take her seriously, why always a photo op?
Tho I'd never take her seriously! She is completely unqualified!
How exactly do you know her qualifications??
Working for Dad and selling other's shoe designs is well known,She has zero government, policy or tax experience.
A "Senior Advisor" ought to know something about what they are advising, don't you think?
One would hope but she's only qualified to comment on what suit daddy should wear for impeachment day! Nothin else!!
Nobody voted for you.
Absolfukinlutly...
The president appoints who he wants on his team. You dont vote for them Lmao! Lefties so clueless.
Yes, he can but shouldn't be unqualified family members. Ivanka is clueless! States that she'll make this a reality. Only Congress can!
You know, the ones we do vote for?! She seems to think she one of them by her words.
Clueless...coming from the guy whose pinned tweet is "God is as real as numbers." Deep bro, deep.
How about you focus on that pathetic father of yours and tell him he was wrong to recent DACA!
why don't you try learning the truth about it
Poor little troll is ! Explain your version of trumpy truth!
DACA was an executive order, not a law. Obasturd over stepped his boundaries again
Little hands trumpy oversteps his boundaries every day #IMPEACHPOTUS
"She is more a logo than a person, a scarecrow stuffed with branding, an heiress-turned-model-turned-multimillionaire’s-wife "
You are such an embarrassment to real working women.


what happened to your deplorable's
Whatever. @realDonaldTrump is giving tax cuts to the rich while you're OK with women getting paid less. And slaves make your clothes.
I was just gagging when I read that article. . She is such an entitled little princess.
60 yrs old, singularly raised my child with no gov help, no college for us, now I'm overtaxed paying for e1 else's kid, incl  my grandchild
I will be working until my last breath, yet I pay for all these government benefits   I'm tired
Or the way she is all coy and calls him daddy. 
You have one job. Don't let this man-baby destroy the world!
And change his diaper more often.
It's being reported that the GOP was annoyed by your presence.
I am also annoyed by her presence on this planet.
Get on board with the Dem's child care support bill - unlike your plan, it works for the working class
Don't let ignorant people  get in your way. You and your father are doing a great job for our country so thank you
MAGA!
Do you really think you have an audience any more?

Guess again.
You can drop the act. You and your family are phonies that only care about yourselves and money. #LoserTrump #MuellerIsComing
Jared? Facebook? Collusion?

You are screwed

The Drumpf family of greedy grifters is only good for grabbing more money. Get the FCK away from our WH!
8 reasons Jared & Ivanka are as useless & detestable as..Trump NO 7. They are LOATHED by D.C. society
That should be a badge of honor.
Get out of the way. Quit trying to ruin the trump train you globalist
Looks that you annoyed a qualified professionals derranging a meeting. What you want Ivanka? Continue exploiting women and slavery?
Even here. Your a hypocrite just like your dad. No asset to this country
You know Ivanka you have to get involve in things that really matters like the dream act
How exactly are YOU making this tax credit a reality???  NO ONE voted you in to ANY office!!
We should have. Anybody better in the swamp?
Please don't be discouraged by nasty tweets. God is in control. Many are praying for you! Seek His guidance!
And exactly how does someone with your background, education and experience qualify you to develop complex tax policy for all Americans?
Where are all of these women?
Go architect your own life and leave us alone. #Complicit

Go back to what you know: selling other people's designs, made in China under abusive conditions, and living off the misery of others.
You are the biggest phony and laughingstock this country has ever seen. Go away, no one cares or believes what you have to say.  #PrisonSoon
You people don't know what you are talking about. Grow up idiots. Thank you Ivanka
So to hell with Ivanka's kids? Who steps in for them while Ivanka is America's #1 Daddy's Girl?
You must be jealous.
I can can tolerate ignorance however the pride you take in yours is loathed.
When do you start working?
She already has and made money.
What working parents deserve: a President who doesn't simply hire his unqualified children to run the country and is the #WorstPresidentEver
Better than most children. At least they did more than community organizers.
Oh yeah cool more subsidies that's not what we elected your father for.
you do know there's a category 5 hurricane going on that's hitting USVI, right?
Can non-white, DACA, and Muslim children also get the tax credit or is it white only?
Do you even need to ask this question? We are talking about the most racist, bigoted admin in history. They would happily vote for a purge.
DACA recipients deserve stability in their lives. Think it's possible you could do more than one thing. Try it!
They are still illegals. Their parents screwed them in the beginning by bringing them here.
Their parents were trying to find a better life for themselves and their children. Nice to see your compassion.
Are there currently any programs that help WORKING single parents for housing?
Remember how you don't DO Politics? Jesus Christ is Hypocrisy the only thing you learned from daddy?Disgusting.
Ivanka Trump making millions from her many overseas "sweatshops".  Sub minimum wages, rights violations, long hours and broken family's.
Do ppl really believe these stories? Sad they don't do their own research? Not even a name of reporter on there.
It's a FACTfor women is VERY DIFFICULT to beLEADERS in America as Ivanka Trump must confront Diverse obstacles including women againstCHANGE
Enough of insults. People must express CONSTRUCTIVE ideas not superficial empty words in a country confronting various crises.
Crises are FACTS & don't respect as Harvey ANY race religion gender groups or socio-economic background one more existent prejudice.
Do you ever read the comments.    You should.  And realize what we really think of you
I wonder if someone makes a dossier for her to read of only the positive things like they do for her daddy? #25thAmendmentNow
Is that 2:2 of the wins u think you've had? This administration is a joke bc of ur father! U could be a voice for woman and families. Ur not
What about all those undocumented taxpayers who's kids are DREAMers?
Your daddy's #TaxReform17 is another con job aimed at poor and middle class.  U know,  just like tRUmp "University".  #BaitandSwitch
What did I miss today? I work too much!
She is acting like she cares about people beside herself!
She's a joke! Everybody know that. Her, her husband, her Dad and the whole republican congress. All clueless.
Oh stop. Princess the only tax credits you care about are yours
Working Parents are the ones paying taxes anyway. My family members have benefited from this tax. And Why Shouldn't They? @IvankaTrump
Thank you
People in poverty do not pay taxes. As you know they are in the greatest need of child care. 7% of income to CC allows work.
But don't Deseve prenatal care, right ivanka?
but you said you have no influence over the president so.....
Who is going to watch your children when you & Jared are in jail? #DeportMelania
House GOP’s Child Tax Credit Expansion Excludes Millions of Children in Lower-Income Working Families
Reality ?  As in Reality Show.  Looking forward, as in don't look back on the zero accomplishments thus far?
Your agenda will be directly responsible for your father being a one term president, you have failed millions of Americans who voted 4 him.
yeah ? well we women need our civil liberties and funded Planned Parenthood.
People so disrespectful to u! I am so sorry I heard they were up to no good  & trying to humiliate u re-naming Hurricane Irma to Ivanka!EVIL
You have absolutely no idea what you're talking about #nothanksIvanka
Is this a joke? As your daddy has proudly told us he has not paid taxes, the fraud
Amen
Can't trust anything a Trump says.
Six weeks for wealthy mothers....
It's the truth.
Cunt
What is the point of you in the WH, other than being daddy's little princess? #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance #MuellerTime #SteeleDossier
Nice job. Jealous?
more empty promises. You've had no influence on daddy's hateful agenda. A poseur who preps daddy's briefing picture books. SAD!
Great agenda. Like it all. Would be even better if we did not have so many RINOs.
I hope those RINOs will save us from these grifters and their sham against our democracy. Unless, of course, #RussiaGate does first.
They certainly are trying however no respect for lying to their voters. Sad we can't trust what they say.
On that we agree. But 45 outshines them all, with a 95% dishonesty rate. Fish rots from the head. SAD! They all need to go.
Well, just who do you trust.
Ivanka's childcare plan is BS, It's literally just a tax cut for the rich. Median family would get $10 a year under her plan.
Ivanka, how is it that you are working on tax reform for America? What was the last public office post you held?
I look forward to seeing you locked up princess.  
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
Did you think the American people wouldn't care if you colluded with R
LMAO,Princess Dory!
Lol stop pretending you have anything to do with our government.
YOU'RE SUCH A TWAT

Childcare tax reform is not the same as getting govt money to pay for a nanny for each child....
Why do YOU receive more benefits than the average working mother??  What a fraud you are
Ivanka Trump has learned well from her father’s cons https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/ivanka-trump-has-learned-well-from-her-fathers-cons/2017/09/04/d904e712-91a8-11e7-89fa-bb822a46da5b_story.html?utm_term=.700f05801e5b … #Resist #TrumpCrimeFamily #TheResistance #StrongerTogether
All trumps have learned & her father is king of cons. @FLOTUS leave trump while you can still leave with dignity. Save Barron! Save yourself
8 reasons Jared & Ivanka are as useless & detestable as...Trump..WH  NO 2. Ivanka's nickname #PrincessRoyal
Jealous?
Ehhh, not really the name #PrincessRoyal is not positive...irony my friend  Ivanka, Jared & Co. are wannabe royals, but alas-they are trash
They are as close as we are going to have. Also, clean cut, successful, class, rich and smart.
They sure have class, especially @FLOTUS & the rest of them are just as bad. Vulgar, not smart, con men in bed with Russia #WhiteTrash
And you have proof?  Please sent to Mueller as he seems to be having a hard time finding some proof.
Stay out of politics.
help the mother working two jobs living pay check to paycheck not your rich friends
$250,000 a year, or married couples earning less than $500,000, to deduct child care expenses from their income taxes
Yes and DACA KIDS deserve to stay here and continue being productive.  U did not help with that. Y do you think you can do CTC?  #TaxReform
Daca are illegals.  They broke the law. We should have stopped them coming in a long time ago.
If a parent steals food to feed their child, do you arrest the parent AND the child?Dreamers were brought here as children by their parents.
Yes. And the parents were breaking the law.  Let us change the law if we don't like it. I did not intend to speed, but I still got a ticket
So if your kid was in the car, should they get a ticket too? I mean you WERE speeding...
I don't get it?  Are you saying just because she's his daughter?  Not what I'm saying. I'm saying she can't get shit done in the WH!
If they take her advice then that is getting something done. POTUS took Kellyanne s advice and now he is Pres.
No he's President now because he colluded with the Russians and pandered to a racist base who heeled to the dog whistle!
no more welfare programs, we are over 20 trillion in debt! enough is enough.
Does that include all children because we know your racist dad only cares about some ....
Who's your Daddy?
Hahahaha

@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushner IVANKA: the Base Is glad you're FINALLY proposing a CONSERVATIVE Issue-School Vouchers
Word of wisdom:Tell your dad to stop making up lies in the name of America first!!! And tell him to englighten himself, but not from Twitter
Dems don't lie. 
If you cared about children,  you would support DACA, and close foreign sweatshops.  Ypu are as craven as your father.
Wow that's very anti-women of you. I expect better from a liberal snowflake such as yourself. Then again guess not.
Do they offer childcare at Trump University?
Hey Princess Royal, how about all the kids whose lives are being ruined by your daddy? #DacaDreamers
They are illegals to begin with. Their parent ruined their life from the beginning. When they brought them here.
Quit! You're family is just self-serving racists!! Made in China really doesn't help America does it? Equal pay does but u don't support it.
Granny MELANIA gonna take care of your kids when you're behind BARS  TRAITOR
It's Time...
Disclose your tax returns. Perhaps you have a "few" deductions for the nannies raising your children.
Thank you
Bullshit lies. You've never worked a day in your life.
GOD BLESS YOU AND THE ENTIRE TRUMP FAMILY !! 
MAGA :)
how you going to do that princess you have a vote on anything NO, go home
If you really cared about working families the very least donate to some of the working families in Texas/La that lost everything in Harvey
Look  at  the  liberals  maken  bad  coments  shouldnt  you  guys  play  in the streets
.
You know how little kids play house? Well, Ivanka is playing White House.
.
Phony family!!
It's a tax credit for wealthy parents. It doesn't help the rest of us who need it most.
Javanka, so far U done zero 4 USA. U R Fired. Go back 2 NYC & wait 4 AG Schneiderman 2 arrest U. USA doesn't need fake plastic Vanna. PRISON
Well said, except we don't want her back in NY.
70% of benefits to families with in one of 100,000.00
25% to 250,000.00
That leaves 5% for us SERFS! 
GET OUT, YOU WERE NOT ELECTED!
Your family is everything that is wrong with America. Greed, profits before people, multiple divorce, incest etc...
What happened to American worker's..this looks like all you're product's are made in china
Rubbish. You know and we all know it. You and your father are bullshit merchants.
Please leave D.C.  You are truly useless.

But no #EqualPay for women or #EqualRights for LGBTQ? Do the wealthiest of the wealthy really deserve more #TaxCuts?
This is so important to single parents.
Hope they don't spend that 10 bucks a year in one place.
For God's sakes! When is the unimportant Ivanka along w her scheming Kushner going to get the FCK out of our WH????
Go home Ivanka! No one in DC except your daddy wants you there or likes you. Quit embarrassing yourself.
Why?  Because you'll benefit too?  It seems as if your agenda is self serving.
Who are you
Im sure she's a fraud like her old man.  That relationship is nauseating too.
So your rich friends can claim nanny tax deductions
The longer your father is in office the more we see his dementia, racism, lies & crimes. Mueller is closing in & you are #complicit.
He hasn't got there yet. 
Speaking of taxes, ask "Daddy" to show us his tax returns. And stop treating Air Force One like your private jet.
We have unfunded liabilities for Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security and you're talking about spending more $$$? Ridiculous!
do smthng for older amer
Working parents in what wage bracket?
Seriously, could you just pack the family up and go back to New York?
Gosh, so many sexist haters here. Could they be democrats?
Boy not seeing much love for you. Can't blame them though.
'Daddy can I go with you'? - now that is creepy. Just don't let him grab anything!
So sorry u turned out to b such a disappointment climate change transgender White supremacy 
When Will enough b enough 4u China Russia lies

You are useless window dressing for an incestuous daddy. Get out of the way and stop acting like you are important
Like you did equal pay for women or your slave labor in foreign countrys or your daddy kicking out DACA I could go on not enough characters
You make me ill. What about the DACA children your dad will be kicking out of the country? Do u have anything to say about that?
You seriously asked like a little child "DADDY CAN I COME WITH YOU?"  And wonder why we call you Princess #Complicit
Working families deserve healthcare, education and a living wage NOT a tax break for your 1% cronies #clueless
Sure wish you had worried about women's pay. Would really help towards taking care of children
You should just stick to stroking Daddy's "whatever" and stay out of politics.

Yay, you and Jared will be able to deduct your nanny's salary from your taxable income. Go home already.
Daddy????? And how old are you?
SMH....Sick, just like all those pics of you sitting on your dad's lap....gross!!
Planning on more kids?
Complicit ! You know nothing about working families!
Please your entire family needs to pack up n leave the WH their has been nothing but fear pain and chaos since you all have been in office
That would make me mad as you seem to be.
New York Times tells why ...
Ivanka Trump sucks.
Just stop with this shallow front...
Really? What about equal pay? Everything you say you stand for, you actually just sit being #complicit
95% chance your father claims that credit for you. #Complicit Also weird that you still call him Daddy and he sexually objectifies you.
Working parents also deserve overtime pay.

What would any of you know about what working parents need?
They do ... now can you get your family to pay taxes
What a disappointment you are, sad.
Scandinavian friends!
As a 35 year old woman, do you still call your father Daddy? Gross, creepy, and then gross again.
https://mobile.twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/905532046713520130/video/1 …
