If you repeal the entire thing including pre-existing conditions, what happens to those people?
Change the Federal/State Discrimination Laws making it illegal to discriminate against pre-existing conditions.
@BanditGolf Count the votes. repeal passed 48-52 &!GOP held 54 seats. Lost 2 in '16. Less Gardner, Capito, Portman & Murkowski.
count the votes. Trumpcare won't pass if Lee, Paul, Cruz, Cotton vote no.
Then you get to keep Obamacare.
guess what Bob? I'm tired of being promised one thing and delivered another. They had 6 years to come up with better
Guess what. There is nothing better that can pass. You believed something that is a pipe dream.
oh I didn't believe it. But I don't let the liars off the hook.
Many believed what they meant what they said but reality can screw up even the best of intentions.
it's going to cost them dearly. Fine by me.
.@SenMikeLee @RepMikeBishop @repdavetrott @RepHuizenga @Jim_Jordan @RepDaveBrat @RepFleming #FullRepeal Then Debate Free Market Solutions
the @GOP plan has nothing to do with healthcare but everything to do with CEO bonuses, perks, and welfare for the rich.
What do people do for insurance if you repeal  system they are getting insurance from while you fight fellow Repubs over fixes
Entitlement health care programs for politicians is compromising the integrity of our healthcare system.
repeal yes. But don't replace with #RinoCare
#FAIL #SAD 
You do know that all Obamacare stats are online and we all know you're lying..

what if your wife couldn't get a mammogram? #SaveACA #IStandWithPP
what if your wife couldn't get a Pap smear? #SaveACA #IStandWithPP
the lives of your constituents should matter. #Trumpcare takes away health ins & increase costs for lots of us #utpol #saveaca
absolutely correct!
Why is the 'health' of 'venerable' Senate Rules (esp XXII) more important than healthcare of Americans?
Repealing ACA w/out replacement will leave many w/out healthcare; some will die. This is irresponsible, ideological nonsense.
Millions will loose their healthcare in the meantime.  All of this chaos is the problem - Republicans had 8 years to make improvements.
Absolutely Repeal it Now!
this cartoon represents an inapt metaphor. Please take the time to find a responsible replacement before repeal.
politics aside. question? Do you sell your house b4 you know where you are moving? What an asinine statement you made sir.
You wrote on your page that (Judge) Gorsuch is a  radical. It's all we need to know. Isreal the liberal troll
I don't know you Bonnie and I am not a liberal troll. I have voted 4 GOP candidates on the local level & like some Kasich/Mccain ideas.
This nurse disagrees. I work in healthcare. Because I care about people's. And their lives. and access to care #utpol #SaveACA
Don't "fix" it. Give it over to the free-market insurers. Gov. should get the hell out of the health care business.
We R with You! Repeal in full.Govt CONTROL not needed 4 320 million, only 10 mill who May need it.Medicare Expansion= bad deal. Thanks Mike!
you have my support!! Keep it up. You are one of the very few good guys in DC.
you basically said nothing
Sorry, your tweet is pure BS.  We need a plan like that in Canada and the majority of European countries.
if millions of people lose health ins, people will die. Bc of you. #SaveACA #utpol
no to repeal without a good replace.
Best way is to get gov out of healthcare, but people are afraid of not having it, so shift from fed to states. #Obamacarerepeal
Can't stand ACA & I'm cons but don't dump unless have prog 2 replace Like sending F15/16's 2 boneyard b 4 F35 is operational
What's wrong with writing a new health care bill all agree on, then annul ACA and enact the new bill simultaniously?
you know that would probably lead the the deaths of thousands of Americans who were sudden booted off their health care plan?
I thought repeal was part one of three parts?
#LEE #PAUL #CRUZ.. Ty all.
In civilian life, this sluggishness is not tolerated and would lead people to get the *pink slip. Thanks for raising your voice.
Boehner and Ryan lost credibility too many times while financing the #Obama.. The sluggishness from #Congress is astounding.
Methinks (after observation) too many are making too much money leaving it like it is. AND "why" would anyone *trust #PaulRyan?
#REPEAL it now. It won't pass as is, so "why" would we go through the dancing around? AND still get the same as we had or have?
but then there is nothing providing the uninsured. Not that Amy program will insure everyone. Still 10 mil uninsured under ACA
It is called temporary bracing
What is called temporary bracing? @SenMikeLee
We need law banning muslim brotherhood, CAIR, SHARIA,FMG,and law making being here illegally a felony.
.@SenMikeLee hmmm...this new house isn't perfect - rather than fix it up, let's burn it to the ground w/o any consideration for consequences
this is why i will vote against you.
Thank you Senator Lee!
OR, get rid of the BYRD rule and do Phase 1, 2 & 3 at ONE TIME?
excellent meme
#Obamacare compromising the structural integrity healthcare system. Repeal it! @freedomcaucus @TomCottonAR @RandPaul @POTUS @VP

@hummingbird5225 Keep up the good fight People are livid. We've got your back along with your buds Cruz, Paul, Sasse, #Freedom
Total repeal is a good start!
@hummingbird5225 #RepealObamacare Sen Cruz promised to repeal every word. They all promised for 7 yrs. #GetGovOutofMyHealthcare
@PMgeezer REMOVE the tax on my healthcare, I lost it once under ACA! Do NOT fund ILLEGAL ALIENS with my tax$
how many votes do you need to repeal Obamacare? It's 60 so which 8 Democrats is voting to repeal? Quit #fakenews and speak truth
Are you trying to make people believe you can pass a repeal bill through reconciliation? You can't & Democrats will filibuster.
So are you going to nuke the filibuster so a "clean repeal" can pass the Senate?
Get rid of the 60 vote BS.
Voters for Trump agree!
@TheMarkRomano @marklevinshow @rushlimbaughshow.
@SenOrrinHatch @RepRobBishop We need Medicare-for-All please! Health Care is a Human Right!  Should not be tied to income!!
@CruzinAhead 
To GOP: #RepealObamacare and don't replace
@LibertyUSA1776 @beck_ann4
RINO PLAN - repeal in name only! Sucks! Why is government in charge of HealthCare anyway? I want FREEDOM
Amen
@RestoreHistory Yes!! #FullRepeal #NeverSurrender
I completely disagree. There are a lot of sick people relying on that coverage right now. Coverage is the house, not the car.
For government to REQUIRE citizens to purchase ANYTHING is unconstitutional.
It is literally collapsing houses. Our good friends had 2 move 2 NV because they couldn't afford to live in So. Cal & pay Obamacare premiums
@ColumbiaBugle Put a bill together that will pass into law. Never gonna happen with this infighting #Obamacarerepeal #maga
What a great illustration.
The ACA was not passed to provide subsidies for those that have  means; regardless of whether premiums have increased for some.
20 Million Americans that could not afford coverage gained coverage.  Millions more of Poor People qualified for Medicaid.
U fail to recognize that People with pre-existing conditions; now have access to Medical Care. Obama set Standards for coverage.
and I suppose you want the American people who rely on their healthcare to wait another 8 yrs for Repubs to "fix" it? Get real!
Matters not what artificial coloring & flavoring they add to the HCA recipe the system collapses when Medicaid expansion $ ends.
I agree. Repeal first. Then get it right. No mandates, coverages that r not needed, sell x state lines
Stay strong. Introduce the bill you sent Obama.
@POTUS.
In the end, med. ins. is our choice, not the unConstitutional mandate that exists today. #No_Fed_Mandated purchases. Ty.
@POTUS.
#REPEAL_IT_FIRST--we're waiting for a #free_market approach, not an #OCARELITE #replacement #part. Ty, Senator Lee.
@POTUS.
Mike,
Please tell you GOP buddies that if they don't do a full repeal, the victories they have enjoyed until now will be short lived.
#COS
@debrasmith48   Captain Obvious
Thank You for fighting for we , the people!!! Please keep it up, we need you guys!!!!
Yes, thanks you!  Please don't settle for anything less!
your statement is at odds with the comic. If the "house will collapse" you need to at least add some structural supports first.
Easy to say, but you have not proposed a detailed fix plan.  It is easy to criticize GOP proposal when you don't have your own.
wrong approach here. This approach will leave millions uninsured and create greater issues. Bad idea!
President Trump promised to REPEAL. We don't want obummercare lite!!!
#ObamaCare provides insurance to millions who never could afford it. Why do you hate that?
And you are a dolt.
@vamplita
 Duh.......how long will it take to install the new system ? What about the integrity of our citizens health ?
So sad we have 2 have this fight when the ppl who wanted full repeal/no govt health care gave GOP majorities to do so.
Still waiting for a picture of what your plan looks like.
@fitethegoodfite give us the same health care you get please.
@healthyheartfit just get it right alot people are counting on you guys.
disappointing you had 8 years to find a replacement and you put forth this bad plan that GOP can't even agree on
1st question, is anyone hurt? And 2nd will the driver be questioned? #draintheswamp #MAGA @POTUS
Great respect for you. What's the diff if u do part now and part later?It still gets done,no?Brand building easier w/a win, no?
^ serious question. Not rhetorical. Really want to know what the difference is to you.
#Rino & Jackass pictured is exactly why we have @realDonaldTrump @POTUS a builder that follows thru his word will carry the day
@bcwilliams92   Explain exactly how you would get a replacement bill through the Senate. 
#DeathandDespairDems will not help
Amen brother @
WE need help now!
S.O.S 
doctors are leaving in droves
1st cancel your healthcare,then discuss changes. ACA protects my family. its easy to risk others when WE pay 4 ur generous plan
hang in there. We are with you.
Hey Mike, how much is it going to cost? Or do you agree with Spicer that the CBO is irrelevant?
@potus repeal then let states take it is States Issue!
What's the hold up?Too many in the GOP in the pocket of big Health Insurance companies?Voters want repeal and replace!period!!!
let it collapse. Repeal it now before we move to a single payer system.
You guys have your work cut out for yourselves. Amend the heck out of the new healthcare law and pass it under reconciliation
with what you ediot. Have you a clue.at least ACA was fully thought through.Tested and tried from Mass to DC local before nation
where explicitly in constitution does fed have power to regulate health care?
Yeah, because Republicans have already demonstrated how their proposals are far superior.  Got a better plan? Show it
Well, yeah--that was the INTENT all along. NOW its damned tentacles SO intertwined in health care will be hard to fix!
lets take it back to 2009. The carriers still have the platforms because they have grandfather plans. Wasnt broke then.
Duh! Need to repeal if going to do anything senator. Question is replace with what? Why didn't U ppl have a plan after so long?
no, too many lives depend on it. Fix it, it's obvious the GOP doesn't have a better option after 6 years to come up with one
why do we even need laws anyway? Let's get rid of everything and then just see what happens #iliterallycantwithyoumorons
@ChgocadChic 
Yeah I Fear The Democrats Will
Sucker The Stupid Republicans Into A Bad Deal McConnell Is Easy To Rope A Dope~
We are sick of hearing replace it, repeal it and cease and desist intruding into the free market.
yes, leave your constituents high and dry with no healthcare while congress takes years getting something else through... ugh.
all the repeal bills have a delayed execution.
Why still carry less water in a disastrous bucket? #FreeMarkets, not #DC central planning. #Fix the thorny, much smaller pieces.
If the bill forces coverg for preexisting condns , tax credits(entitlement), & non particip fines it's not #RepealAndReplace.
That was the plan from beginning--destroy healthcare so single payer can be forced on all for control! 
CIA-style @SenMikeLee @CruzinAhead
As your constituent I disagree with your view. Do not repeal first. Do the homework, come up with a detailed peer reviewed plan.
Why roll back to 2010, pre-Obamacare, when you could roll back to 1965, pre-Medicare?
baloney
I must have missed the part where you explain the better system... ?
I have to say it's difficult to hope anymore when @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP are all basically working for the democrats.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/iHfcNhmKYfo …
you're really good at being an obstacle in the senate.  What are you doing to actually work toward a solution?
I think you all have had plenty of time to fix it.  A replacement should be ready to go
6 years and this is all they've got. AARP, hospitals & poor peole hate it. But the insurance companies love it.
Yes!!
Do you not need 60 votes in senate to repeal?
Thank you Mike & keep fighting! We appreciate SOME of you actually trying to do what you know you were elected to do.
Agree with you Mike.  Get rid of it first, then discover ways to make the situation better for EVERYONE.
You realize in this analogy that there are people in the house, yes?
your memes wont' age well ;)
this means many people will go insured?  Are you working for the people of your rich friends?
Fix it instead.
The intertwined connected tentacles of Obamacare into society/economy were intentional so that removal would b too great a cost.
thanks senator Lee! Stay strong! #trumpcare will destroy all credibility in @realDonaldTrump
Be openminded and negotiate with @POTUS and @SpeakerRyan. We need to unite and move forward as one.
I'm with you
#FreeMarketHealthcare
Let the house collapse and just rebuild it?  Instead of a roof over someone's head, it's lives.  You're an embarrassment.
what about the idiot that smashed the car into the house to begin with?
How exactly do you feel about the structural integrity of the White House?  How do you fix that damage?
- Yes, repeal first then look at other options other than what Paul Ryan has proposed.
Repeal on the 1St of the month. Get insurers  plan by the end of the month, simple, It's how I got my #Obamacare
The irony of your cartoon.  Supports for the structural integrity of the house would be put in before removing the car!  Sad.
for President Trump's sake DO NOT LET NEVER TRUMPER @PRyan destroy @POTUS as it seems he is trying to do with Obamacare 2.0
For sure! Getting rid of coverage for 20 million people will all by itself be a giant step towards making things better!
you all won't agree on that either. Should be citizens who win not you
Including the insurance mandates. They're what's driving up premiums. (P.S. The 2015 bill doesn't repeal them.)
@baseballcrank you've had 8 (!) years to come up with an alternative. Yet, nothing.
thank you. Stick to your instincts here.  It's the right thing to do. Feds need to stay out of health insurance.
did you draw that yourself?  Why does it have to be repeal and replace?  Why not just change?
why not just repeal and get gov out of the market
What does it say about people who fear a filibuster so much that they just go ahead and concede to garbage b/c that's easy?
Did you draw this with markers?
trumpcare hurts regular America. GOP trying to kill poor people.  GOPdeathpanels
Blather: Voluble nonsensical or inconsequential talk or writing.  (Merriam-Webster)
So you don't have a better plan?
YES :) I agree with you Senator #MikeLee
we price shop for litterly everything except Healthcare, drugs because someone else is paying. How about kickbacks 4 price shop
how many people will suffer while you find a palatable way to tell the poor they deserve to die? -- a constituent.
the plan is on schedule to be completed by August this year according to the VP.
delightful. Cants wait to tell my Comm College students, who are often one crisis away from abject poverty
I'm a comm college student my man. And one with an incurable disease to boot. Life is tough, so ya gotta be tough.
so rub some dirt on it is the best we can offer people trying to get ahead?
a few months for an overhauled national system of healthcare is not that long. Sorry that life isn't easy.
but why repeal THEN replace? Even if you hate ACA,  why throw everything into chaos on the promise of a solution?
Dont know, why cant we have 2 conflicting forms of healthcare at the same time? Maybe because it's fucking impossible
high paid career pig, Trump is compromising the structural integrity of our country. (btw no space between health & care.) YW
calling someone a career pig gives the impression you make a living angrily shaking your fist in important rage
I LOVE this pic!! I hope you don't mind me downloading it so that I can put it on facebook and tag you in it!! Your statement is right on!!!
Unbelievable
1st U & GOP do everything U can to hurt ACA. Replacement is similar, but more expensive, insures fewer people, & less effective.
Can you name the 8 Dems willing to participate under your proposal?
I don't get "Repeal & Replace"? Just repeal and then unchain the free market.
cause Pre ACA was so great.. NOT!!
nice rebuttal. Just say hes wrong, cause then you have no evidence that can be refuted.
That's right! When people die from lack of care, they won't require coverage any more! We'll save so much money!
. It concerns me to repeal & leave people with preexisting conditions like cancer with the possibility that insurers could cancel
I have Crohn's disease and will die without treatment. It is my problem, and no one is obligated to help me.
This is sound Strategic Thinking. Repeal now, replace next, with open markets across state lines. Keep Tax Credits if you must.
The rich don't need anymore tax breaks. Just stop.
You are not making any sense.  Just come up with good plan and implement it.  Problem is, you cannot.
don't raise prices on the elderly or those with existing conditions #notabetterway
Who is telling you this stuff?
