Except we don't really know whether Trump was legitimately elected because GOP WON'T FULLY INVESTIGATE. We knew Obama was legit.
The Electoral College, btw the MAJORITY of States voted him in. Get over yourself & stop bitching about it.
.@clambert54 @KimLMathers @SenMikeLee a little defensive, are we? Trump lost by 3 million votes; the PEOPLE VOTED AGAINST HIM. #deplorable
History lesson: America is a Republic, not a Democracy. States decide not People. Geez!!!
trump did not win a majority of voters nor the most votes, he won more acreage. Acreage doesnt speak.
he won the most states. read constitution to educate yourself on how the US election process works
oh I get it but hillary won 3 million more votes than trump, thats hardly a mandate
not the first time in US history were a candidate lost even though they had the majority votes.
winning the electoral college but losing by a landslide, doesnt give him a mandate and is precarious
yeah I get it. You voted for Hillary and lost. Now your anti trump even if deep inside you agree

oh sorry Mike, the vast majority of Americans did not want Trump for president. There are no "alternative" facts on that one...
do you not know how the US electoral process works. Educate yourself read the constitution
I know exactly how the electoral process works and I will repeat, the majority of Americans did not want D.T.for Prez.
It's irrelevant at this point. He won now he need to do what he told his voters.
It's about time Republican Senators start having our POTUS's back instead of leaving him to defend himself alone-all the time.
this vacancy was central to Obama's administration and the GOP blocked him. The people spoke, look at the popular vote
And Dems should give this nominee as much consideration as Garland received.
The "vacancy" should have been filled 10 months ago, but the deplorable actions of Republicans kept it open. Yes, the people...
...(Russian hackers) have spoken and today the Trump adminstration has returned the favor. Disgraceful. Treasonous!
no, the people spoke by voting for @HillaryClinton
A central what?
The GOP won't be happy until you have totally destroyed this country and have us ALL living in total poverty!!
he lost by 2.8 million votes.
Please do not confirm Betsy DeVos. It would be a grave mistake. Clear your voicemail so constituents may have their voices heard
Dude I think you also need a 51/50. Come to CA I'm sure we can get a 2 4 1 deal. The electoral college elected him NOT the ppl
You stole this seat from the Democrats and you know it. The Republicans are showing flagrant disregard for morals.
um... Clinton won & Putin put Trump in office. You're incompetent for putting Party before Country.
you're the party of a bunch of puppets for Trump keep bobbing your heads up and down no backbone approve crooks to positions
The GOP acted like children in 2016. Now you want everyone on the high road. And you wonder why average Americans scorn you.
You mean Putin and Russia have spoken, comrade. #TraitorInChief #PresidentBannon
Won't last we can only pray. Trump is making our country unsafe and divided.
Yes sir, not to mention that 2 Obama nominees passed w/out petulant, "crucifixion."
You conveniently forget that Trump lost the popular vote by almost 3 million! Yes, the people have spoken against Trump! #liar
3 million more people say you're wrong, comrade.
the people voted for Clinton not this Russian puppet!
, so how much money from CA goes to help other States? Don't u need CA, 6th largest economy? If not they should break away.
which tells us that U R also extremists; we want 2 know how U reconcile UR religious beliefs with the presence of Bannon in NSC
this vacancy,Judge Gorsuch is a 21st century Earl Warren you have been had. God don't like ugly, no alter-facts here
don't kid yourself. Most people weren't even thinking about #SCOTUS when they voted.
I used to live in AK and was very proud of Senator Lisa Murkowski. She has integrity. Disappointed in UT Senators. #milquetoast
So don't complain if the Democrats block Trump's choices for Cabinet positions and SCOTUS. Think for yourself for a change.
Sen should have voted on Obama nominee... U had the votes & he wouldn't have been confirmed ... Delegitimized the process
In the same spirit ... Dems should speak out but not block a vote... Say what u have 2 day, but let a vote take place
I've been around long enough 2 know, U could & should have voted the presidents nominee... That said dems should vote on this 1
partisanship is & has been out of hand 4 many years now... Party line votes on all legislation r a disservice to all Americans
The people spoke when they elected Obama for his second term.
he lost by 3 million votes Senator.
#America  An electoral win is NOT the same as "the people have spoken". Simply, mathematically UNTRUE. Stop lying.
No. That was an unconstitutional obstructionist ploy, and the price is that you have no moral high ground to criticize Dems.
American People voted for President Obama or are you only counting the 20% OF Trump voters? as people voting, we shall see?
NO...the vacancy should have been filled by the President...OBAMA you ass AND you know it..70% of the American people thought so
Only you, Chaffetz, & Hatch of Utah can compete with the idiocy of Cruz, Cornyn, & Gohmert of Texas. What a pathetic group.
You lost...let's remind you one more time ...by nearly 3 million votes. Eght yers of obstruction will fall at your feet.
the constitution says you're to advise and consent  you and your colleagues FAILED to do that concerning Judge Garland HYPOCRITE
the people spoke... And trump lost the popular vote by 3 million. You didn't do your job in 2016.
Is this the part where we remind you that he lost the popular by 3 mill and therefore does not represent majority?
Put country first. 500,000 and growing every day. Impeach narcissist trump.
actually...... 3 million MORE people voted for @HillaryClinton.
Do you or your staff even read any of the responses to your tweets? Or is this just a platform for one way comm. of your views?
get #GorsuchNomination #gorsuch confirmed! Go nuclear if need be. Dems r a danger to the country now,they should not have a say.
you are my representative now represent all of us not just those that support a narrow view. Utah is bigger than this
stolen seat but hey all good right?
no because of Russia the traitor will be impeached
keep screwing The People gator boy and see how long you last
Not only that: Republicans have approved two SCOTUS nominees for Obama. Why do democrats forget that? Was that 100 years ago?
Except that a majority of people rejected him and will continue to stand against him.
republicans kept America from a full supreme court. enjoy the wait...America had a Supreme Court nominee 12 months ago. #karma
sir, with all due respect, you aided in 300 days obstructionist actions. That is shameful.  You should be ashamed, then change.
you're correct, 3 million more Americans voted for @HillaryClinton. The majority despise this #GOP nomination. #utpol
How does a team win world championship? Total points won or total games won? Presidential election is 50+ individual elections
I completely understand we live in a republic, not a democracy. Simply stating the majority of Americans did not vote for @POTUS
The majority did not vote for Hillary either; sadly, most don't vote.
More Americans voted for @HillaryClinton than any other losing presidential candidate in US history. #NotOurPresident
So what is your point? America is a Republic and not a straight Democracy and Hillary Lost.  Lost.  Lost.  Lost.
The people did not speak. They weren't allowed to speak. Gorsuch should have gotten heard so we could voice our opinions.
sorry. Typo.  Ment Merrick.
You know, right, that "the people" didn't elect him by a popular majority?  I don't consider that the people speaking.
The vacancy was central because @GOP refused to even hear Obama's nomination. Refused to actually govern a whole year. Sad!
this vacancy resulted from republicans not doing their jobs.  America spoke in electing Obama.  Did you act on his choice?
what a great day for all Americans
No, you and @SenateMajLdr obstructed the Constitution. #ResistTrump #FilibusterGorsuch
Trump is our president. Maybe read the constitution to see how our election process works
Great choice, 
Merrick Garland is the nominee. Your party betrayed America and her values by stealing this SCOTUS seat. Resign from your post!
80 years of president supported inaction on Garland.
U have it backwards. Millions of us voted 4 the best Pres. ever & u disenfranchised us. Took our vote away.U need a bayonet UYA.
The "people" elected Obama. That seat was Obama's to fill. ONE YEAR u didn't even meet with Garland. NO ONE BUT GARLAND #garland
Indeed We Have!
Get a freaking clue
the @GOP refused to fill what the @TheDemocrats wanted to fill. This is an unprecedented level of revisionist history.
Bite your tongue, be crooked then go to church on Sunday, repent, take the sacrament with your fingers crossed. #mormonhypocrite
the people were ignored Mike! Trump already has a 57% disapproval rating! Stop playing along!
So...the people voted overwhelmingly for @HillaryClinton - I really wouldn't go with this line of argument. #alternativefacts
until 2018 maybe. #Resistance #resist #ResistTrumpTuesdays
and as your colleagues said, we should even keep it open for 4 or 8 years. We will.
dropping the 51 votes rule!!
go ahead...
the electoral college elected Trump, not the people. You should probably know that.
gymnastic take
nope the electoral college spoke.
yes it was!
you didn't support him....we won't forget that.
the majority of people voted for someone besides Trump. Because of your party's 2010 gerrymandering Trump was elected.
lost? You have proof?
http://www.redistrictingmajorityproject.com . Or just google redmap
Great day in America! Been waiting for this one.
the people were with her #math
25% of the people. Do your math.
