Men who think in slogans do not belong in the U.S. Senate.  But then again, most Republicans think in slogans, so…
But then again...the Dems are nothing but jackasses.They bring nothing to the table,so there's that.  lol
skank
Back at u
skank
Thank you Andrea.  (but I wouldn't hold my breath.) Lol
Perhaps RD was mimicking Sonia's example of name-calling and bringing nothing to the table.
Meanwhile, in Salt Lake City, bronchitis is on the rise + women are being discouraged from getting pregnant bc of air pollution + inversion.
source on bronchitis and pregnancy info?


sad. This really needs to change. I may have to leave Utah as I've been noticing breathing problems myself.
I've just put my house up. We're leaving. My two oldest have worsening asthma here. They can breathe in NV, so we're heading to Reno.
even in Cedar City, huh? I'm in Logan. It stinks. A coworker is doing the same ... http://tmi.me/1fiMZg 
It's been getting horrible during the winter. Inversion just won't lift anymore. Not an easy decision, but have to think of my kids health.
Ok.. But you didn't need to be such a dick to Judy Woodruff. You eat ignorance and shit arrogance.
It wasn't that bad.
Agree to disagree. He was stick-up-the-ass impolite to be sure. She is a classy lady.
Agreed. She stayed calm and handled the back and forth well.
It was wrong. You are wrong. We the people are willing to pay to conserve the planet. And all the progress is due to Dems #ParisAgreement
Darn straight! Where do I buy my coal furnace? Can you recommend a coal furnace installer? None in phone book. Where do I get my coal?
Indeed.
Very short-sighted argument. Are these jobs you care so much about going to be there for my kids when they grow up?
Since when does reason and common sense become being bought and paid for? Big corporations wanted Paris, because they are looking for the $.
Any person who can't construct a simple bill proposal has no business saying this. Example - give ONE. I dare you.
Explain that to the children. What world are we leaving them? What a shameful legacy.
Now we'll see a re-unleashing of corp greed which=erasing stewardship regs, acid rain, coal mine run-off into streams, dirty air,etc.,
How so? Apparently some dude in Utah who continually spouts ignorance knows more than the entire international community.  Wow.
Utah, Mormons..men marrying their brothers 13 yr old daughters...yes indeed you would be a prime trump supporter..
The poor pay the highest penalty as energy prices rise.
It was absolutely NOT the right decision.
The GOP intends to line their pockets at the cost of the Earth.
How greedy and disgusting.
You mean Al Gore don't you. Pockets have been lined biggly.
The Paris Agreement's an expression of better stewardship. I assume U're Mormon; don't Mormons believe in Christs exhortation re stewardship
The new club we just joined: Nicaragua and Syria. The only other nations on the planet not in the Paris Accords. Sad. You sir are ignorant.
One must realize that the GWarming and other fantasies are the work of the NWO, who use the Dems as their hijacked party to promote control
No it wasn't.
1/2 “As beneficiaries of the divine Creation, what shall we do? We should care for the earth, be wise stewards over it, ...
What is that sound?! Oh, its brain drain! It's jobs evaporating! It's our green energy industry going overseas! Good for economy? Not true!
It's about time you said something that's SANE !!!!!!!!
Thank You Sir, we need to make our party ABSOLUTE, by working with our President.  We appreciate all you do in clearing the path forward.
Didn't take much to pay you off, huh? According to Political Dig, all it took was $281,620. You should be ashamed of yourself and jailed.
Wrong, not a great senator. A reprehensible suck up to the reprehensible Trunp. I hate you governor
MIke. Disavow this senator! Unacceptable and offensive

84010, I oppose your stance. #2018
You should try a little covfefe up your analysis cavity sir
More like one of the biggest blunders the US has ever made! History will prove you wrong, and I will work to vote you out.
love to see you as next Supreme Court Justice
o site da BRIDS só para os mas RAPIDO do mundo enviou uma carreta de alimentos da cidade de nova cruz vc COCORRE a GALPOES industrial .
KERO VER SE O PREFEITO FIZER ISTO SE O POVO NAO CRESCER ....VOU APRESENTA A NOVE GOVERNO
Pathetic. Even children know climate change is real.
Banking on your Utah home being beachfront property?
waking backwards from science walking backwards from American leadership#greenjobs#LEED
Agree
GOP = Group of Pavlovs

   MAGA (ding)
   America first (ding)
   Coal (ding)

Vote Democrat in 2018.
Absolutely!
@tan123 
Paris in one picture

thanks for being one of the good guys in Congress and thank you for your service. democrats should be shipped out of the US in a container
I am afraid you are one of the reprehensible group.  I can read and reason, no it wasn't.
If liberals protested big companies to go green, rather than protesting stupid shit, they can make real change 
Venezuela & Greece is what happens when socialists run the show. No #ParisClimateAccords is what happens when they don't 
Wrong! You will sink with #Trump and his cronies. Da?
Yup
yes it was, now stand with him on healtcare reform, tax reform and the wall.. You all work for us  Remember that  #2018 election day
You're a clown
not MAGA, I will never believe anything lyin' @potus & @vp Pence fake teapartier has to say until repeal #obamacare as promised since 2010
Bravo...such wit, intelligence and critical thinking skills demonstrate you are someone to be reckoned with....not. Bwahahahaha
Baahaha, spineless Tool! @POTUS 45th said it was for P.A. Workers. Not even for the state you pathetically represent!
US economy? You weren't paying attn. Renewal energy is the key to the economy not coal
What good is the economy when you can't breathe,you don't have water to drink.Aligning w/Syria & Nicaragua is NEVER a good thing
What good is fresh air when you and your children are ding from starvation? Even Bear mother eats first than feeds kids.
Why? What was the danger?
Please tell my why this is good for anyone, and specifically your constituents in Utah? We want to know.
Shameful decision
Go peddle your revisionist history some more - stop tweeting nonsense
When will the @SenateGOP get one iota of courage, character and integrity to protect our great nation from UNSTABLE @realDonaldTrump?
EHHHHH wrong answer! say BYEBYE mikey lee
Could not disagree more. I want to protect the place I live in and our world.
Agree Sen. Lee
No. It isn't the right decision for the US today. The economy is a completely separate issue.
absolutely,I&my great @margbrennan discuss,cant denied climate change,but reasons pullout,economy,US fund misuse,& renegotiate or own policy
Another Right Wing Ass
Lap dog
Wrong
You are on crack!!! 
Trump is turning USA into Flint Michigan. Defunding EPA
you know what kills more people than terrorism? Pollution !! (12M)
get the facts
That's based on hyperpartisan, fundamentally dishonest, analysis. Not that truth matters much in politics.
When the Congress will make something for us the people. No commitment, no work done.
Correct, use American Taxpayer money on American Taxpayers Nation, the USA!

NOT THE WORLD!
#LeonardoDiCaprio w #coca #dictator #EvoMorales his #cocaleros destroy #forests to export #cocaine #climatechange
@dznussbaum Leonardo Di Caprio with #cocaine dictator Evo Morales who destroys forest #eco & persecutes #indigenous 
Great job, Senator!
Thanks for putting that pompous mope Don Lemon CNN last night in his place....
I understand why the Italians want this deal because the Ferraris they build will be flooding the banana republics paid for by the U.S.
wrong, wrong, wrong. if not for gov't mandates, there'd be no progress on environmental issues. innovation? only after environmental law.
Can someone explain to me how giving U.S. taxpayer $ to foreign despots will have a positive environmental impact?
Keep up your great work, stay strong for working families and Pres. Trump.
, Mike , now get health care done,
NPR is a good place to get balanced reporting. Republican politicians generally give thoughtful ideas even if I disagree but you
Pulling out is something Trumps dad forgot to do.
Stop whining on @NewsHour. When you disagree w/ 97% of the world's experts, you should expect push back. Actually, you should expect scorn.
WE THE PEOPLE are fighting as hard as possible against the lefts constant attempts to undermine our Constitution and Sovereignty! Pleas help
I can't believe how short-sighted you are. I believed in you. I'm in 84117 and disappointed.
You whiner on NPR that the interviewer confronted you with Republican quotes and Gov. Brown also - that made it EASIER on you yet you whine
Wrong President Obama is smarter the all republicans.  That a give in. Mike lee not bright are you.
tell mayor of phx hes gone do hes own.  crap
Thanks for standing by the hero of America, @POTUS!
Obviously not for re-election in 2018.
2018...2018...2018
2018!!!!!
Says the guy who doesn't want public lands in his state.
Still waiting for ack. of my email since your "town hall" re: how we can increase #science literacy & better educate about #climatechange.
You're kidding right? So also the earth is flat, and the world was created in six days too.
2020 can't come fast enough. Poor Utah.
You are a Trump flunky who is going to look foolish when the Republican party falls apart due to greed and ignorance.  Shame on you!
Oil companies paid u too I see! Why do Republicans insist on destroying the environment
Make our planet great again.
Coal is permanently out. Oil, gas, wind, waves and solar enegry is cheeper, safer, cleaner and permanently in.
But not for the US' or the WORLD's environmental health. One wd think a Sen from such a beautiful state as Utah would care about that. #nope
I'm ashamed you're my representative. You validated my fear that you don't care about my kids' future.
Which definitely trumps mankinds continued existence.  Nice work.
Shill.
That's BS and you know it. Please use your head for smarts rather than something to hold your hair.
You are supporting an action that demotes the USA as a world leader. We are now a backwards country. You should be ashamed.
Not all things can be measured in dollars. Clean air and water are a more valuable currency. You're an embarrassment to Utah and the US.
"We can do this on our own", which you said in yr Newshour interview, couldn't be more wrong. It's a global problem, needs a global approach
Great job telling of the PBS news hour leftist liberal with her biased unfair questions, Excellent Job!!!!!
Again-ura fool & willing 2 sacrifice your family/country & world 4 politcal gain(u think)-GeorgeOrwellianPerverts>committing social genocide
Your ignorance is astounding now turned harmful. Top entrepreneurs disagree with you.
More than the economy. The #ParisAgreeement has nothing to do with climate change. If it did it would be negotiable. Congress approved.
You guys are ruining our mother earth, our future generation
obviously U love the smog filled Wasatch front. Only getting worse Ahole. Utahns.. U think this is going to get better with Lee?
Also, Gov Jerry Brown burned u in the PBS interview. Cali has some of strictest environmental laws..& our economy has grown 40% above ave.
U should be ashamed! Attacking Judy Woodruff just b/c she asked u tough questions. Re-listen to ur interview to hear what a whiny A-hole u r
Hey dummy, Pittsburgh has twice as many clean energy jobs as oil, coal & fracking combined. #CNN Sh*t Talker, won't be buying your book
I used to think that you are an intelligent person, see you next elections!
Be honest, Senator - u know damn well climate change is real, u just don't give a shit. Money & votes r more important than the planet 2 u.
Coward
no.
More educational material for you: http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/01/19/eco.globalwarmingsurvey/index.html …
More: http://www.salon.com/2014/05/28/wsjs_shameful_climate_denial_the_scientific_consensus_is_not_a_myth/ …
It's sad to see morons stuck in the past. The USA used to be a leader in thought and tech. Now we are mocked. This is BAD FOR JOBS & EARTH
@WhiteHouse but your dumb Salt Lake City mayor is rushing out to support the Accord. Vote them out!
About time you realized @Potus's #ProAmerica intentions. Call him, meet, ask for seat at table more often. He will give you fair hearing.
You where a rude asshole to Judy on @NewsHour,I just wanted you to know that.
Limits are non-binding, so didn't Trump just change the limits? Because he wants to politicize this important issue affecting so many lives
Let yours and your family lungs get the fullness of the consequences of breathing lots of harming CO2
Hmm... not sure about that short sighted view. Although it was great television. Wonderful theatre!#ParisAgreeement
2/2...and preserve it for future generations. And we are to love and care for one another." -Russell M Nelson @NelsonRussellM
... — not drained of its fertility but improved in quality, in productivity, and in usefulness for future generations.” Ezra Taft Benson
2/3 ...We have no moral latitude, it seems to me. In fact, we are morally obligated to turn this land over to those who succeed us...
1/3 We are stewards over these earthly blessings which the Lord has provided, those of us who have this soil and this water....
“Our Father in heaven wishes us to preserve that which he gives to us….It is not our privilege to waste the Lord’s substance.” Brigham Young
OK - even if it is right for economy (it isn't) it is devastating to the earth that God made and we have been made stewards of. #judgmentday
This scientist would like to see your head examined.
The economy won't matter when we can no longer breath.
You are foolish and I can't believe you represent Utah.  Ugh!
No more Maga but you have friends Syria & Russia.Big fat man-baby lost many global allies. Young cute Macron saysMAKE OUR PLANET GREAT AGAIN
You place Party over country and over the world. It's shameful, embarrassing and heinous. It's wrong, cruel callous and you should resign.
All due respect, sir; Google "climate change" and "negative externalities" and try again. You don't have a polar ice cap to stand on.
I just saw u on PBS spouting lies about the Paris accord. Oh and plugging your book also . When the hell do you have time to write a book?!
So many libtards on this thread...boring
Mike Lee is a pussy
We only have 1 planet, it should be more important than wealth or power.
I think many economists (including me) would disagree with you. Perhaps in the very short run, but clean energy is the long run
Unfortunately, history has already proven you wrong.
Is it the right decision for the economy or for your economy?
