Aren't you ashamed that the U.S. is the ONLY modern country to deny ppl healthcare if they have pre-existing conditions?
@FriendEden100 @GraceyV6 @SenMikeLee Shame, A Republican Senator who feels shame, (laughing uncontrollably). Thanks I needed that
They really are a despicable group of filthy con men!
<<< You forgot Republican President Teddy Roosevelt Signed Many Executive Order To Save OUR LAND - But You Complain about @POTUS
with no replacement plan in sight. Smooth move! #replublicansagainstamerica
Will it end the mandate for people to buy health insurance still?  If not, why not? We don't want GOPcare to = Obamacare.
Thank You!  Please keep fighting. The left will not stop. Let the free market make health care better & cheaper.
yep, worked really well so far. Oh, wait, it didn't.
and the replacement will be...sickness? Death? Bankruptcy? All of the above?
too bad you & those other 50 senators chose to shut down govt & not do your elected job because of political party BS
Mr. Lee, will you please promise to END the MANDATE to buy healthcare? Not 1 of the GOP will say they'll end mandate!
So, today will you promise 2 work 2 END the MANDATE to buy insurance & kill tax penalty for ppl that don't buy health insurance?
and what's you plan to replace ACA?
With no replacement in place, and over 20 million citizens at risk. What part of this makes you proud?
do you have replacement?
the replace plan must come out soon to get ahead of the nay-sayers, agree??
.@SenMikeLee If the ACA is repealed will I have to apply for a new insurance policy?
I'm a cancer survivor. How does repealing ACA help me? I will now have to choose between my survival and well-being of my family
and how do you respond to millions of Americans who are scared 4 their lives?
what's your plan?
Take away health care and give tax breaks to corporations?
Who the frick do you represent?
Corp$?
i'm ashamed that you're my senator. i need obamacare to stay on my parents' insurance and you have failed to come up with an alternative

With what? Such B.S. You are cow towing to your rich. We will Resist your lack of ethics and empathy.Shame on all of the GOP.
<<< Why Do You Put Corporations & YOUR PARTY Above Your Country? 
Shameless
Tell us how much you appreciate healthcare for your loved ones. @SenMikeLee @reptipton @sencorygardner
Obamacare repeal costs: 3 million jobs gone, $1.5 trillion in lost gross state product!
While adding $9.7 trillion to the national debt. Why doesn't anyone listen to Rand Paul?
you seem too happy to literally be killing people by ending their health care plans #SaveACA
I guess you aren't bright enough to see that this needs REFORM, not repeal.  How sad for your constituents, and how sad for you!
Taxbreaks for the wealthy & fuck your healthcare. Do I have that correct?
boooo!
Thank you 
"Good noW!"®, B"H , Thank U & I'd like to see a clear no two State resolution dealing with Israel, the problem being the PLO. Understanding.
Repeal and not replace right? The definition of repeal does not contain the word replace.
you should be shamed. You and your colleagues are choosing death for thousands of Americans
.@SenMikeLee https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/12/16/why-do-republicans-want-to-repeal-obamacare-so-much-because-it-would-be-a-big-tax-cut-for-the-rich/ …
@glennbeck SO NOW what? You told us what you are taking away, what can you offer us?
And you are seriously happy about taking healthcare away from millions of people. I have no idea how you people sleep at night.
So will you help people pay their medical bills or for insurance that will take them with their pre-existing conditions?
and your innovative solution is what?
Repealing ACA-Ok, but what's the replacement? As long as you cover as many or more, and better combat price rises-#sharetheplan
you are an evil man
your plan will drown millions of Americans and u know it! I have insurance hsa and am broke...they will suffer too. #losing
with the repeal make sure you are talking about what it will be replaced with. A less regs-capitalistic-state crossing version
#Obamacare

http://mcbaseballcafe.blogspot.com/2017/01/obamacare-healthcare-replacement-idea.html …
What is your plan for replacement? Congress and Senate members should share your plan along with the public
@glennbeck because death to our country by debt is more important than by ObamaCare.
YOU FAILED TO TELL THE U.S CITIZENS ABOUT THE REPLACEMENT PLAN. I DONT SEE ANYONE GIVING IDEAS ON HOW THIS NEW THING IS GOING TO BE BETTER
Why repeal, when you can try to work towards making it better instead of replacing it with someone that is probably gonna be worse or equal
are you gonna replace it with #trumpcare , and copy obama's plan and pretend it's benefiting the American public ?!?!!?!
what is this suppose to accomplish.  Tarnish Obama?  Force people off healthcare?   Really what is the goal?
rock on, we need to roll back all the damage done by the self centered selfish Marxists we just voted out.
Thank you
What is your plan to make certain US citizens continue to receive affordable healthcare?
trump has unchecked COI and connection to Russia hack, but your priority is taking away health care? #PartTimeMorals #ShameOnYou
And the people you supposedly represent continue to be embarrassed by your actions. Bravo.
Hey Mike..just read that Jeh Johnson took steps after dark to "take over" EAC-What is congress going to do about this or can it?
.@SenMikeLee so this and building a wall, attacking the press, & tacitly supporting a Russian dictator makes the US great again?
Why? Haven't you read what it covers?
give up your healthcare. We pay for you
Do you not realize my children and I have no coverage for healthcare then?
Disgraceful
thanks for taking steps to take my daughters insurance away jerk. She's 2. Glad your proud of yourself.
proud of yourself for negative work?  Where's a fed budget? Where's an ACA replacement?  Next is a wall!  Great work!
As a constituent I do not appreciate this behavior. Have a plan for something better before you decide to get rid of something
and what are you replacing it with?
more proof you and your party are not clueless, just monsters
Shame on you. You better have replacement PRONTO. Try living on the average wage of your constituents. (not your donors)
GOP has an  firecracker up there ass about fetuses and guns but fuse out on healthplan replacement
@glennbeck thanx
are you giving up your fully funded healthcare? No?
and we will remember and vote all of you out ASAP!
Check out @UHPP for info on rally this Sunday!
Rally to protect the #ACA this Sunday from 11am-1pm at the #UT state capitol https://www.facebook.com/events/1378548598830213/ … @GaryKunkel2 #utpol 
so what are you replacing it with? From here there appears to be no plan to help the people who suffer from this repeal.
and u are proud of it?
it's repulsive for you to brag about eliminating so many Americans' chance to live. Show us a better fix first. #Obamacare
Denying healthcare to over 20 million families.
it doesn't need repealed leave my insurance alone.
But YOU still have healthcare... paid by all of us taxpayers. Funny how that works. *Sigh*
. Good on you Mike.  Why shouldn't people be punished for being poor AND sick.
well done buddy. Get those votes with blood in your hands.
Is there at least some semblance of a new health care plan that would be put in place to help people?   #informationisgolden
Please explain why you voted against protecting health care for women. Who deserves health care in your opinion? Anyone?
@glennbeck now how about the 9.7 trillion dollar debt increase that's part of the package?
@glennbeck Glenn I hope you agree that this country needs healthcare. If GOP repeal, country loses.
repeal Obamacare hurts Americans polls don't support repeal you lose
Why are you so proud of this? I do hope there is another plan in place other than HSAs.
I see you forgot to mention voting to add 9 trillion to the national debt. No big deal right?
THANK YOU!!!!!!
Great Mike but please have a solid plan in the works to fill the void.  If not there will be problems.
What is you net worth?
So you want taxpayers to pay your benefits while we don't have any? Ever had breast cancer? I have. Wanna pay my bills senator?
you want to repeal #Obamacare? you don't pay 4 your benefits, taxpayers do AND we pay for our own benefits! #jerk
@glennbeck Good, I was getting tired of all this health. You bloodsucking hypocrites.
That's a shame - not just for the millions who will lose health care but how will you fix the BUDGET impact??!! Do you even know
Thank You!
@glennbeck Sir, does this mean full repeal? Is the plan to replace? With what?
Mike, can you provide us with a link to the replacement?  No???? 6 years and the GOP has nothing?
Can't wait until you kick millions off insurance then these tweets are used during your next campaign
@glennbeck and also adds $1T per year to the debt. Massive expansion to gov't. Just can't ever do the right thing can you guys?

@glennbeck if no reasonable replacement instantly created the GOP becomes the death panel they feared from ACA
@glennbeck Get it done!
@glennbeck Thank you Sen Lee - hope 2 c U on SCOTUS one day!
Feeling haughty? When innocent people lose their health benefits you & your 50 senators will bear responsibility!
@glennbeck You also increased the debt by a ridiculous amount.  Follow Rand Paul, the only true fiscal conservative left.
lets be honest, it is not a full repeal
Jesus would be proud
I am one of your constituents and def NOT in favor...what is the alternative? Repealing WHY?! 
You're bragging about bankrupting and killing tens of thousands of people. Congrats, I guess.
you say that like it's a good thing....
Well-done, Senator!! God bless you!! 
repeal it and replace it with what? What are you thinking? 22M will be left with no healthcare, reform not repeal!
What you did was sentence millions of Americans to DEATH #SaveACA
Please have something to replace it instead of just repealing. Protecting the vulnerable should be a high priority!
Not well thought out with no replacement plan. What will people with Pre-Ex do? Can't get insurance. Curl up and die? YAFI.
Thank you Mike
Where's the replacement? So shameful.
Your new president says repeal & replace of #Obamacare need to be simultaneous. You want to RUSH into this?
repeal your healthcare it costs taxpayers too much.#MakeAmericaSickAgain
you claim to be #prolife but voted to kill 65000 people per year. Upto 20 x the number who died on 9/11 #aca #Obamacarerepeal
you began the process to kill upto 20 x 9/11 deaths each year, every year, because of your greed. http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2016/12/11/1608589/-GOP-Obamacare-repeal-will-be-an-annual-death-sentence-for-thousands … #aca
If you don't like Trump go to http://indivisibleguide.com .  It's a national movement with a user friendly guide! Pass it on!
just watched you on MTP Daily.  You are a disingenuous liar you cares nothing for the American People
you are the only guy that stayed in and fought hard!!!! TY
How will you ensure coverage for everyone? How can you repeal coverage without an equal or better replacement? Irresponsible.
Obamacare did some good things even if it was flawed Should've tried to fix it instead of putting us right back where we started
Good job, monkeyshit.
paying insurance companies is like having a company to pay the supermarket for you when you buy groceries
maybe take the profit structure away from insurance companies. A lot more money for health care
that's great Mike. You're going to leave millions of people without access to healthcare? Make sure you replace it
When you go to church this Sunday, make sure you thank your God for giving you the power to harm people. That's so Christ Like
Thank you, Sen. Lee! Now I can just die, right? Because I have a preexisting condition that will no longer be covered. Thanks!
my daughter is dead because of no insurance. If ACA would have been available she would still be alive. How many more children
repeal that hellish law sooner than later. it cannot be repealed soon enough!
.@SenMikeLee When ur 'better' 'less expensive' healthcare PROMISES fail 2 materialize u gonna explain it? U made promises." Cheaper better"
Mr Lee You Are Lying Just Like The Rest Of The GOP. Enjoy Your Time In Office As In 2018 You & The Rest Will Be Voted Out!!
good job, let the poor die
Are photos of suspected criminals, crooks still put up on Post Office walls across US? I've seen this wanted poster somewhere.
I hope karma comes swiftly to bite you in your butt. .  you realize you work for your constituents & not dt, right?
#shame
what do I do? my family and I rely on the Obamacare coverage. It seems like you don't care.
He doesn't.
have you no decency sir? Have you no soul?
or pro anything
What about the millions of people who will lose their coverage? What if they have "pre-existing conditions"? THIS IS NOT GOOD!!
mike, care to comment? #PartTimeMorals #FullTimeHypocrisy
I know I watched u on cspan. You senators are my heroes. DTS.
SHAME ON YOU!!!!
gaming the voters.  Where is the replacement you promised during the campaign
Unbelievable leaving Americans with no plan.  Let's repeal Congresses healthcare.  Lie Lies Lies Repeal and Replace was BS.
mike, why put repeal avove securing sovereignty and investigating trump COI? #PartTimeMorals #FullTimeHypocrisy
Obviously, the teachings of Jesus no longer exist in the republican party.  Have not for 8 years.
How are you going to cover us on ACA that have preexisting conditions. WHAT I will die without it. We will hold you reponsible
- proud to throw millions back into the misery of not having health coverage? What happens after repeal? Broken families?
-will you please twit your replacement plan for ObamaCare?140 characters should be enough for Republican blah,blah. Maga fraud?
thank you!
And your replacement plan is????
so what you replacing it with genius #youguysaresopetty
Cunt
enjoy the rest of your last term.
would that it were so.
