Mike Lee has an A+ Constitutional record. Heritage Scorecard.  Best Senator in USA.
you've been riding Gorsuch's dick so hard folks might think you're a #bootlicker 
You support housing discrimination with S.103; are you a white supremacist?
says a republican who said all Obama's executive orders were bad.
#Gorsuch 
REALLY appoint a judge w/12yrs experience.  STUPID, IRRESPONSIBLE.
Gorsuch TOO INEXPERIENCED for SUCH an IMPORTANT JOB
Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed because none of you GOP will listen to your constituents!
Chuck Todd pressed Ben Carson on the matter of why a Muslim president might not be a good idea.

very shortsighted behavior that will affect all your constituents negatively
Stolen seat from an illegitimate *Potus. Block, block, block.
you seemed to think executive orders were all bad for the last 8 years. What's changed?
No they complained about a couple which rewrote laws unconstitutionally.  No Republican  ever said all were bad.
They referred to Obama as Lawless for half his second term over EOs.
For the last time, its the nature of the EO that makes it unconstitutional.  Some EO's fall withing a prez authority.
Mr. Lee, what is your definition of a white supremacist? What does that look like to you?
#morningexpress 
Lee, APOLOGIZE to #NancyPelosi
She was ABSOLUTELY RIGHT
about Bannon
RightWinged LENINIST
wants to destroy USA
#PELOSI is right!  #Bannon's a BIGOT!
Bannon DOES NOT BELONG on the 
SECURITY COUNCIL!
PUT OUR SECURITY
back w/the MILITARY!!!
You're upset bc Pelosi rightly called Bannon a White Supremacist. Imagine how we feel. We can't bury our heads in the sand.
you're president elect calls names and gives alternative facts. You are a hypocrite and a puppet
We have enough men in positions controlling Women's Reproductive Systems, Life decisions.
so as long as it's a white guy singing them? You are a pathetic excuse for a grown up.
Do you not understand that Breitbart is a white supremacist network?  Bannon was exec. dir.
Represent the Pee Party? It's now the ALT_FACT party or the PeePee TOAD Party, update bio.
"We stole the seat fair & square." When will Bannonites start Mormon purge? Listen to Jeffress.
EDUCATE YOURSELF ABOUT BANNON, READ BREITBART, CLEARLY WHITE SUPREMACIST
because YOU DIDN'T DO YOUR JOB LAST YEAR
#Illegitimate

Sorry, but Bannon is a white supremacist or nazi. It's the truth and if you don't see it you are one as well.
ONCE FOR ALL PRESIDENT BANNON  EQUAL JUDGE  NOMINATION. IDEOLOGY OVER COUNTRY.
Did you explain why Garland wasn't?  One of those nifty side by side comparison charts? Utah style?
Convincing yourself in the difference between Garland and Gorsuch situation! Dillusional. Helping fascists govern. Hypocritical.
I hope you guys do everything you want; securing that in 2 years the gop will be all but history
Please sir, Vote NO to Betsy DeVos! I am your constituent in WVC, 84120.  She's not qualified nor prepared to handle complexity.
Bannon IS a white supremacist.
Can you explain why we have a WHITE SUPREMACIST in the White House? #StopBannon #GOPCowards
we are always a few months away from voting for a new President and Senate.
in the time Garland was ignored, babies were conceived and born.
he should be impressive Scalia like
although I believe between a man and a woman choice is our most important const. right
they think he will help overturn same sex marriage he can't freedom of choice current decision is right
It's a #StolenSeat - Gorsuch deserves the same treatment Republicans gave Garland @GOP
No. Just No #STOLEN
Are you a white nationalist?
I think we all know the answer to that is yes.
Hey Mike, explain to us how #SteveBannon is not supporting white supremacists? Be honest.
Instead of whining about @NancyPelosi speaking truth whine about our so called president

http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a52797/bannon-white-supremacy/ …
https://www.google.com/amp/www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/steve-bannon-will-lead-trumps-white-house/amp?client=safari …
https://qz.com/898053/want-to-understand-what-trump-and-bannon-are-up-to-look-to-the-russian-revolution-of-1917/ …
Mike Lee is a giant among men in Government. He would be my next nominee to SCOTUS.
Such a hypocritical obstructionist.
can you also explain how the tooth fairy is real too ? #womensmarch #Resist #truthMatters
from and hope and change to dope and strange.
You lot picked a weak bully who cries foul when attacked, like a mummy's boy & what goes round comes round. Give u 2yrs #dtwatch
why is senator Lee whining about Nancy Pelosi.  It's well known that #PresidentBannon  is a fascist
Senator doesn't recognize racism when he sees it. With mormon racist history and all. Can't be trusted.
Didn't you hate executive orders????
How can you defend President Bannon?
did you have to draw pictures?
... just the ones coming from the opposition party
#hypocrite
"Not all executive orders are bad." Nah, just the ones signed by a POTUS you wanted to obstruct.
Just the ones that  rewrote existing law unconstitutionally.
Constitution says Senate chooses to confirm nominees  They chose not to confirm Garland. Perfectly constitutional.
WAY OVER his head. Thanks Senator Lee, but track record suggests he does not comprehend.
Why was Gorsuch part of a Fascist club in college?
please Confirm now do it soon. 
chuck todd?  why him.  That dude is irrelevant~

