Last night did not turn out the way I hoped, but the result is hardly surprising.
All I can promise is that I will keep fighting for more health care options and lower premiums.
STOP the lying
It is insulting to WE the PEOPLE to hear the continual lying
Your solution to everything is "let people go bankrupt. Let them suffer. Let them die. Because Ayn Rand." Or some silly BS like that.
Pull your head out.
Put forward a good plan and it will pass. Start thinking outside the box.
you spelled republicans wrong, son. y'all have been the party of no for over 8 years. you can't govern but whine real fine. all are traitors
The he democrates are even worse.
YES that's why we the people will vote in new REPUBLICAN LEADERS 2018
Your headline says you want to restore constitutional order. How does ramming through "skinny repeal" do that?
Sen.Lee, govt should not be in my healthcare. Healthcare is an individual decision for people. Open the market, & let me choose what's best.
The "market" forces people w/ pre-existing conditions to die or go bankrupt or both. You want medicare gone too? Old folks to die on street?
Yes, & if we had open market for health ins. Co to compete, rates would be affordable. it works for auto co.
The govt has a mandate that everyone must have auto insurance, thereby creating a "market" with enough people to spread the cost.
Yes but you decide what coverages are best for you.  You can have large limits of liability or the basic.  You can have just liability.
Obamacare has that too.  Yes, more options are better, so improve it, don't take it away from people or blow it up entirely.  single payer!
I am assuming you work full team like me
Why should the working class continue to pay for those who refuse to work. Redistribution ok 4 you.
Also, I assume you know O-care isn't just for unempl. It provides ins to millions who couldn't get it b/c of pre-existing cond. or self empl
God be with you Mike.
I hope the democrates sink.
So, you went along with the process and you voted "Yes", so, why are you whinging again?
Ya think!   It's time for all of you to be term limited out because not a damned one of you can get anything done other than tweet.  Resign
The idea of taking insurance away from people in order to finance a tax cut for the wealthy was terrible from the beginning.
It's not insurance you sheep.  It's welfare that I am paying for you to get.   This country is out of control in debt and I want free stuff!
The fact that buying over state lines tort reform should be included. Pricing structures for operations. Senate is a joke. Az fire McCain!
Why did you vote for it?
True. And we are watching.
Yes the GOP senate,  GOP house, GOP POTUS  
have failed by ACTIVELY SABOTAGING ACA.
ACA is the law, you swore to uphold, 
do your job
And in the end will fail us again. #RINOBloodBath2018
I have called and faxed your office daily. Do the will of the people. You work for us.
Jake Tapper works for you?  
Senator, you voted on an 8 page document at 1:30am that did nothing to assist and fix the ACA, and it would have ruined millions of lives.
This is so much BS. How did we ever survive without government healthcare all those years. Stop the drama
1- Not 'gov't' care. Still private. 2- People died lacking access & half of bankruptcies were due to high medical bills, crushing families.
Lack of access.  I have an insurance card that cost me the first $7000 before they pay a dime, thanks for screwing up the healthcare system.
This is the United States, no medical facility can turn down a person for medical treatment.  It's been the law longer than you been alive.
Hi Al, Sadly, that's false. I was refused insurance & treatment for my pre-existing condition. Until the ACA. Saved my life. God bless you!
Know your government. https://www.cms.gov/Regulations-and-Guidance/Legislation/EMTALA/ …
Then get the GOP to back single payer. It's by far the most economical solution + will provide the most complete care. You would be heroes.
Charlie Gard had that 'complete care'.If he were brought to USA in timely fashion he might still be alive.The STATE makes your H/C decisions
Would he get that complete care if his parents couldn't afford the insurance premiums for the relevant healthcare?
Irrelevant! They HAD the $. They DIDN"T have a choice. That's DEATH PANELS! There is ABSOLUTELY NO logic you can bring to bear against that.
Might have something to do with working for large corporations instead of citizens. Do something that leaves all Americans insured.
Men & women of principle do not vote YES for ANYTHING that was crafted behind closed doors & hurts MILLIONS of most vulnerable. Shame on you
Patricia, do you not recall how Obamacare was written in secrecy and half truths and Pelosi said to pass it to see what's in it?   Hypocrisy
Hey Shawn - Fact: 2010 ACA included 160 hours of debate,100 committee hearings and walk-throughs plus 170 Republican Amendments.
Maybe your objective shouldn't be to repeal Obamacare, but instead fix healthcare.
A full repeal would be the first step to fixing healthcare
How?
Free markets and competition. Healthcare is the only thing we buy without knowing the price first. High risk folks can use Medicare.
Healthcare is the only thing we buy without caring about the price. Ain't nobody haggling for life saving surgeries.
Heathcare is textbook case of price inelasticity.
These "free markets" are also protected by lobbying and patents, which allow a company to charge whatever they want for a life saving drug.
Competition my friend. When has it not led to lower cost?
Your right it has, it should never have been repealed just fixed. So sick of GOP striking down good legislation just because obamas name .
The racial bigotry is evident and many are tired f it. If you want to really fix things get rid of trump and pence. Hatred they promote bad!
keep it up and lets try again in the pvt business we fail and try again congress should too
Any reason we conservatives should ever vote @GOP again?
This was brought to a close after the vote.
What is Trumps 51 vote option? I don't think that sounds good; there needs to be some balance to the majority party.
Better let your colleagues know that we've had ENOUGH of their BS!  We're done with their lies and games!  Midterms are coming up!!! GONE!!!
If the process was horrible, why didn't you fight to change process and bring it out from behind closed doors?
Oh you have failed- but I don't think we are on the same page as to why. Sociopathic behavior towards my country ppl ain't really my thang.
Your ideologies are a built in failure to the American people. #SinglePayerNow
If you actually had a bill that offered Americans something more than taking away healthcare and giving the rich tax cuts you could win.fool
No you're terrible and it led to result
It's time to repeal the 17th and make the Senate once again what it was meant to be. The States' representation at the Federal Level
Gee, good thing you weren't involved with it then, right?
Time to put egos aside & start working across party lines to fix ACA.
When in history has a Senate proven more ethical or righteous than a monarch? A mob that justifies slavery, endless wars, & robbing people.
Agreed. If only we knew one of the 52 people who could do something about that.
Senate needs to pass their own Healthcare Bill! If you need a new senate leader, do it! Make compromises to get the votes!
No. You're willingness to kill millions of Americans is what's failing the American people.
Maybe if over the past 7 years GOP had taken time to formulate a plan for replacement - things may have ended differently
Crocodile tear.
The "process" and the ineptitude of Congress. McConnell and Ryan are failures b/c they're libs. Replace them!
Just "REPEAL" ! Why are Republicans fighting for Government healthcare ? ?
Aren't we for free markets  ?
Don't own this mess !
The American people want to keep their health insurance! Listen!!
Time for single payer.
Senator Lee, was McCain on any meds that alter his thinking during the repeal vote?  :-)
I hate when politicians say "the American people". Like we have one agreed on mindset. 22 mil are happy the senate failed
You are still not listening to the American people! Stop being bullied and lied to by con men Trump, Mconnell and Ryan. People over party!
Try reaching across the aisle
Good luck coward in 218/2020 you all with fall. Krm  MOTHER
I will never support the @GOP again. 
Honestly...what is wrong with the Senate?  Power corrupts and it is hurting the people of the US.
Failure isn't even the right word ... we need leaders who care about more than getting re elected !  Trump can't do it all himself!!
Patty Murray had bill to go to conference b/c MCain lead ppl to believe if Ryan agreed not pass skinny he'd vote Yes on skinny O-care lives.
I believe republicans are in charge.  So, what are you going to do about it?
Hardly surprising that's your answer??? What a load sir we're dying out here Obamacare is killing us! How disengenious!!! Do your jobs!!!
If it implodes will single payer then be inevitable?  Our can we go full free market?
Republicans just sealed their fates for 2018/2020. Please do not blame the president for this.  He wanted to sign and help those who elected
Explain to us in your constituency why you didn't have the decency to join McCain, Murkowski, and Collins in voting no. We need healthcare.
True statement...out of a senator!
Hi Mike Lee @senatorhatch1 
the GOP has failed American People.
Rich donate to GOP, GOP vote their way, more donation
Dont you represent us?
The failure, sir, is when 49 Senators voted for a bill that they knew was would not serve the public' best interest. Politician as usual!
These words would mean something if you hadn't voted FOR the MTP and, subsequently, FOR the repeal bill w/ZERO transparency, discussion, etc
you are "the greatest!"
3 failed the rest of us
Look up the word compromise...And then put you big boy pants on and give it a try
So are you going to accept @SenSchumer offer to work together, or follow @SenateMajLdr and continue to sabotage ACA and refuse to fix issues
America needs a majority built from the middle.  Not sure if it is 40R, 20D or 35R, 25D etc.  Are you willing to compromise for America
The failure of the Senate is in the fact you have become a place of polarization and division. Not what founding fathers wanted
Maybe try voting on this conviction instead of towing the party line? You are just an enabler. #partisanhack
The republicans had better get there shit together how do we have the house the senate and the Oval Office and GET IT DONE
I don't think the Republicans have to worry about being voted back in. Ppl are furious. I hope we have some good independents running
This sentiment seems to be at odds with your support of the process when it mattered: your yes vote.
If the NFL  played as badly as the @GOP you would be sold off! Willing to throw millions off healthcare, you are useless. #REPEALREPLACEGOP!
Mike Lee, why didn't YOU vote NO??
Just to be clear, it is Republicans that failed the people and the institution.
I agree you are a failure. A putrid soul who keeps voting with Creepy Caligula. Keep ruining USA & when final nail lands for DT, you'll hide
While congress enjoys Healthcare options, we Americans are stuck in a black hole of unknowns & limited quality care. Please fix It!
Thank you, Sen Lee,  4 sympathetic thought 4 American ppl. Pls also consider a serious look@ #GrahamCassidy Amendment making waves on Hill.
Let obummercare fail. Thats on the demoturds. Maybe then the lefties will get the picture that it is a rolling pos.
They why on EARTH did you support and enable it???
Dear Senator Lee, Please join in a bipartisan effort to craft a workable healthcare policy. Nothing's perfect. Let's build on what's here.
#PitchMitch
Endorsed as well!
You want healthcare for all Americans? Look at Canada or Australia or any of the others with Universal and take what suits your people.

Then why did you vote for that terribly processed bill?
You all act like you had nothing to do with it. You're part of the Senate aren't you?
You don't actually believe that but ok.
FOR SURE! NOW let #ObamaCAID implode. Have @realDonaldTrump use E.O.'s to get #MediCAID BACK to 2009 levels. Then DO UR OWN HEALTH CARE #AHA
...and you went along with it. What's that say?
A terrible law cannot be replaced with other bad legislation. Just REPEAL THE DAMN THING. or...explain where constitution requires such.
you are a very honorable man and I appreciate all you fight for.  The senate must have a new leader
We need more businessmen in DC - politicians want the other guy to lose, businessmen want everyone to win #MAGA
You're no better than a cheap con-artist at this point. This health care charade of legislation should deeply embarrss you. Shame. Shame.
Like a bunch of little kids who don't even understand the forces of the free market and that they have been discovered.
NO. The corrupt lying fraudulent cynical @GOP that ran on and previously repeatedly voted to repeal Obamacare failed us.
The @GOP lies on Obamacare were WORSE THAN OBAMA'S. We loathe you and will never trust you weasels again. @POTUS @VP
That's for sure.
It's okay, we are all getting used to it. Thanks for making it easier.
Rather full of yourself there, Mr. Lee. You had no real ideas on how to repeal and replace so be careful casting those stones..
GOP had 8 years to craft a better plan and did nothing. GOP has no balls for legislation or anything else. GOP = Gang of Pussies.
It's time to make a motion to peacefully break apart this monstrosity...
Inaction... GOP inability to actually unify long enough to actually GOVERN - beyond frustrating 
And sadly, no one is surprised
Keep fighting for us Mike. Please??!!
Under Sen Maj Leader McConnell, the Senate has violated nearly all of its rules and procedures. It's no longer deliberative; he ruined it.
But yet you voted yes.
Why don't you just work with Democrats to strengthen the ACA?
Thanks to people like U. Don't think for moment w are not watching. Republicans like U will pay dearly next election. ur promises are joke!
Spectacularly disappointing. Americans work hard for everything-to have a handful of traitors continue to cost us $$.?
It's for their lobby!
Senator, with respect, what are you talking about? You voted to approve the process every step of the way. Put your vote where your mouth is
McCain took a bullet for u , Heller et al...y'all vote yes...cover...he votes no and takes heat...bigely
@NormOrnstein, why did you retweet this bullshit?
You all should be damned ashamed of yourselves. @SenateGOP
Mr. Lee - you are part of the problem - you talk so negatively about our President so much of the time - it does NO good #MAGA
In the meantime we will continue to pay more than our mortgage for shitty insurance
I'm a long time Republican, who may not vote Republican in the mid-term election. Probably will stay home. Republicans are weak
If the Republicans don't get their act together and do what was promised, they are going to lose house/senate leaving POTUS w/ hands tied.
@SenateGOP have lost all pol capital and will lose on election day! u wanted to hurt the most vulnerable Americans. u r all morally bankrupt
Shameful
But you voted yes
Republicans baited and switched their gullible base...Deplorable
Yes but YOU didn't fail the American people!!  You're the most stand up guy up there. God Bless for all you do!!
Didn't you vote for this mess along the way?  When it counted, you were cowardly, putting party over country.
All @SenJohnMcCain succeeded in doing w/his vote is cede what power republicans had to the Dems.For shame.Repubs & are the losers in this.
Yes, they did, on a massive scale. And @SenJohnMcCain is foolish if he thinks for 1 sec that Dems are interested in working w/Republicans.
Well Mike!! the GOP WILL PAY FOR THIS BLUNDER FOR YEARS TO COME. Believe me when I say you failed us.
Yet POTUS has yet to do anything/say anything.  Needs to stop fighting media on Russia etc. More he fights  the more he empowered they get.
I believe we're ready for that third party now.
You enabled that process.
Of course, I mean only @SenMikeLee enabled.
You enabled that process.
BTW, weren't you one of the 13 white guys in a secret room somewhere "writing" a bill? You guys have no idea how to govern, do you?
Why didn't you work to stop the train wreck behind closed doors BS?
Yep, if you are going to rip away people's healthcare you should put more work into it--after all you guys spent 7+ years lying and whining.
How about the news media stay away from all politicians until say lunch time which 1 hr is fair then stay out of the way until 4pm #maga
SELL THAT BULLSHIT TO THE FREEDOM CAUCUS.  THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AREN'T BUYING IT.
they failed the American people but were very successful in sustaining their real agenda. Not to repeal. Not to relinquish power We R fed up
The @gop broke the senate in 2010. The chickens are coming ho,e to roost
And yet you voted "yes" last night. Can't trust you apparently.
Yet you voted for a terrible bill. That is not excusable. You're going to see voters hold you accountable and get rid of you. Shameful 84121
the president did not show leadership. that is his job.
And you spoke & voted your approval of the terrible process and the institutional failures. You weren't even trying to help people.
The institution is failing every day that we don't get the truth.
#2018
Shameful. From Trump on down.
I blame the @GOP for promising something they had no intention of delivering.

NOT ONE GOP INCUMBENT GETS MY VOTE!
Can't blame a snake for being a snake. It's time for everyone to do some introspection.
The @GOP was supposed to be the party of principle, including the principle of keeping promises.
They haven't been for a long, long time.
You're not IN traffic, Senator. You ARE traffic.
You will have to accept that the country wants the ACA - work with Dems to repair and move on! Man up and get it done!
Dude, it's your party that killed all of our norms.
The Senate needs new leadership!
sounds nice, senator, but what will you do to restore the senate process and how will you address aca going forward? thanks!
Then why did you support something of NO value to your constituents or the country?
Try coming up with a better plan, ya ding dong!
You were hoping a bill written 12 hours prior w/ no hearings would pass?  Disservice to America and Utah
So just fix the ADA- the conservative market based solution to the healthcare crisis with the personal resp component.
@NormOrnstein ugh come on
You said it. It seems the Republicans do not know how to govern or fight for what is good and right
You still own the process and the vote for a terrible bill
Have you considered resigning?
Normal people don't give a damn about the process. They just want the fat hand of government out of their back pocket.
The lack of legislative progress is starting to make American's question whether the @GOP can actually govern. Meanwhile economy stumbles on

Oh, give me a break. The "terrible" process was BY DESIGN. What makes it pathetic is that w/all the parlimanetary tricks, it still failed. https://twitter.com/SenMikeLee/status/891005739824795649 …
They did not. But if they continue the current path they will. Work together to repair the ACA. That would be a win for everyone.
Send ALL the senators home to mandatory Town Hall meetings.  We wanna have a little chat with those RINO jerks!!
You should be ashamed of yourself
@NormOrnstein Mitch Mc better start looking over his shoulder
So much winning
@LisaMarieBoothe In a perfect world, GOP would Repeal Obamacare as promised. But we live in a world where GOP & Dems have blended together.
It only failed because the R's would not include the D's in the process. Trying to push thru a bad bill, shame on u for voting for it.
Is it time to just vote democrat and just end America quickly instead of a slow painful death sticking with Republicans?
Senator Lee, Please work with the Democrats to make something that will last. Thank you.
And yet that didn't stop you from voting for it every step of the way. #pitiful
All elected official must have the same healthcare as the people have to endure. #senate must live like the voters live with Obamacare.
I hope you stand firm
More specifically @SenAlexander @SenCapito @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller @TeamMcCain @robportman failed the American people.
So sit down with some Democrats and either fix the ACA or build a new system.
As GOP agree with you. Stop with the regressive Repeal & Replace and instead implement forward looking Repair & Improve ACA.
Your party and its cruel disregard  for the people have failed this country.
That's on you
and your terrible leader Mitch
and your refusal to work with Dems
and your willingness to steal healthcare, public be damned
this is true
@GeorgiaCifelli GOP needs to figure out out and get it done.
