Remember Gorsuch was a friend of Republican Speaker of the House Denny Hastert like @ChuckGrassley @SenatorBurr @newtgingrich @GeraldoRivera
Don't think of these vicious Republican Senators and Representatives, think of their victims.
Conservatives are against gay rights anyways. What's new?
Break the country to have your way. Starting with R's violating constitution over Merritt Garland, a moderate everyone could live with SHAME
Pipe down with your Republican lies. @tedcruz
Time to begin GORSUCH'S IMPEACHMENT for STEALING Judge Garland's Seat on the Supreme Court. Is he also Trump and Pence Russian KGB Agent?
Then Just Do It Already & Use ANY ALL MEANS 2 Quash UnEthical Corrupt #Dems!
Any and all means whether legal or not?
Who cares the republicans have made this election a war zone
and the end of bipartisanship will be assured, Period. As well as a truly independent Supreme Court.
You will get voted out. PERIOD.
I'm a constituent. Please don't "go nuclear" to confirm him. I didn't like the Garland no vote. I'm ok with Gorsuch, but don't change rules.
Merrick Garland.
He shouldn't be confirmed Shame on you
Why?
Are you bragging or complaining? @realDonaldTrump @jasoninthehouse @SenMikeLee are the end of democracy
lol, love how GOP is shocked (shocked, I say!) that Dems aren't considering Gorsuch when they refused to consider Garland. Amnesia?
Thank you for thinking this through and knowing in your heart that Judge Gorsuch SHOULD be CONFIRMED!  God Bless America!
Glad to hear it. Though Conservative, Neil Gorsuch is intelligent & pragmatic enough to realize that Roe vs. Wade is the "law of the land."
Yea.  Thanks so much for fighting the good fight.  Keep it up.
When you add "period" it makes it look like trying to convince yourself.Trump has used the word to emphasize untruths and so Spicer as well.
But Mike, wouldn't eliminating the filibuster for the supreme court cede more authority to the executive?
You misrepresent the will of voters who declare they do not TRUST #gorsuch. You must not discount the will of the people. @GOP @FBI
Pound the table? What do you call the GOP denial to even meet, hear and vote on Merrick Garland? That's also something never done before
Well that doesn't sound very imposing or authoritarian.
You're failing to represent a huge fraction of your constituents. Period.
Garland? What about Garland?
Looking forward to you losing your seat!  your name will go down in infamy
ACA will be repealed period,Mexico will pay for wall period,China will be labeled a currency manipulator period.Lots of periods
and you shall be voted out period!
Not the time. Delay until after investigations just in case Wh has colluded.too many smoke screens not to mean trouble.Focus!
Dude. Chill out.
Nothing like democratic process to make you trust the government, period.
R's act like a bully - getting what they want.  Will lose in the end.  Gorsuch evasive.
Cool we will buy his (and your) data soon.
It'll be hilarious when we find out he jerks off to something like "Nazi clown midgets"
TODAY Lee voted: non-scientists to run EPA, limit birth control, employer can hide records violations  & block accountability in education
Sooner the better #ImNotABot
Shame on you. Merrick Garland got no hearing. You need to stop playing party games.
Hope so.
Pubs will go Nuclear if need be. Dangerous road to keep going down. Gorsuch is a good guy and hopefully the Dems stop blocking.
Presidents shouldn't appoint to the Supreme Court in their final year in office. #TrumpRussia
Didn't you guys say Obamacare was gonna be repealed period too?
is this a real tweet or are you trolling @PressSec ???
No Gorsuch until Trump TREASON is resolved
Trump will be impeached. Period.
YOU WILL BE RAN OUT OF UTAH , FOR LYING TO THE PEOPLE , GET A LIFE BOY .
Your last term.
Not helping your re-election campaign here, Mike. Period.
Who can we ask afterward to step down and can we Clone Gorsuch ? 
We call him short sale.
You're not tough.Or intimidating.Hey how'd that whole Benghazi thing go?You gonna pay us back for all our money you wasted? Not so much huh?
Everyone that votes will be up for reelection to
everyone is always up for reelection.
Suppose they don't filibuster, yet Schumer has enough dems to vote against him in an up or down vote, then what?
They will filibuster,Move Forward!
Not sure what the people of your State are like, but shouldn't make that leap. Your agenda is so evil.
I live here...I'm in hell. Trying to get out. Might as well be Sharia Law here
Move.to Cali. Sounds like you would be more comfortable there. Less conviction for sin.
NYer at heart. Define sin...I'm not worried
steal the seat and we'll shut the gov't down.
Good #ConfirmGorsuch
Doing a great job, Mike. Keep it up! God bless you and your efforts and your family.
Somebody needs to explain to trump that biting the hand that fed him the presidency is risking not being fed again.
No!  Don't waste nuclear option on #Gorsuch.  GIve us Judge Bill Pryor.  Dems won't confirm anyone but Garland.
Go getem Mike.
