Hey there! My ancestors were actually there about 15,000 years before that 
Wow they were there for 15000 years and never built a house or road
Here's some houses that people built that others seem to not care about. I am sure you would be fine with me trampling over your heritage.
This homes were abandoned hundred of years ago and they moved to AZ and are the Pueblo people. Neither the Utes or Navajo built those homes
But still homes nonetheless, showing that people were here before pioneers. We systematically destroyed their home and part of their culture
Can you say "mountain meadows massacre"? Another proud Lee moment
Mike: remember those 1847 settlers dispossessed the first settlers who were there for quite a while.
Not just dispossessed, ethnically cleansed.
If that is what you think then you have been leid to.  The pioneers and the Union Army (from California) are NOT the same thing
Are you forgetting Native Americans?
You couldn't take the time to find a better backdrop?
Happy 24th from @NACIPPowwow
Yeah, I'm sure native peoples will be thrilled by this.
Represent Utah by voting against taking away healthcare from 22-32 million people. Vote no!
The Mormon Church was founded by liars, fakes and heretics. . .
Native Americans settled in Utah more than 10,000 years before there were Mormons.
Weren't the Ute people there before? Didn't all 'settlers' during that time collude in the ethnic cleansing of the indigenous peoples?
Yes and no.  It was the Union Army from California who did the ethnic cleansing.  There are photos of Utes with rifles in had at ZCMI in SLC
Wasn't it American Indians?
There were NO houses in Utah before the pioneers came. Also the Utes killed all the Spaniards who did not leave.
Ignorant statement about a irrelevant "holiday"
Thank you Senator Lee you are truly a man of God and a leader who we respect greatly and appreciate equally
Yeah a great pioneer day where utahns celebrate "This is the place". Will you face the LDS kids whose Healthcare you plan to get rid of?
This is WRONG! Guts Medicaid hurts seniors,sick,disabled. ALL Health ORGS OPPOSE AARP THE NUNS! NOT PRO LIFE! Where are Christian values?
Voice mailbox is full - I wonder why(?)
My guess: Thousands of messages begging you to vote NO on AHCA
First *White* settlers. There, I fixed it for you.
Mike.  Thanks for your service, devotion & pursuit of issues that focus on liberty. What would Capn Moroni think of Congress today?
WRONG Native Am History lesson-#genocide -deliberate killing of a large group of people. You we're not here first, sir!!
They were hardly the first settlers of the land now forming Utah.
To you, Mike, American Indians aren't even people.  You're racist, no more to be said.
Hi Mike, I hear you're trying to murder us. VOTE NO ON MTP OR GO DOWN IN INFAMY.  #SHAME
Utahans do not want this BAD health bill. Think of the 20000000 people who will lose their coverage. Be brace enough not to be a puppet.
Vote No. Every one of your constituents will be better off. And you know it.
Almost as embarrassing as Trump's talk to Boy Scout Jamboree. Holy cow, these are the folks leading the country. Beam me up Scotty
The name of your state is literally derived from a Navajo word.

Thousands of desperate patients flock to free clinic at outdoor makeshift hospital in Virginia http://nydn.us/2uRyCvw  
Please stand up for Medicaid and vote no. My dad, a former teacher, needed it when he had Alzheimer
How can you defend this
Including the Native people of the Great Basin who were "settled" there long before the arrival of the Mormons?
Sen Lee, vote for Senate healthcare bill cuz as Ingrham said it's better than OCare & just a start!
Fight to save ACA
A swing & a miss--Mormons were hardly the first settlers.
why haven't you repealed Obamacare?  You said you would. What have you done to push repeal? Do what you said or resign you lying
Hi Mike, you forgot the native americans. No suprise though... #GodHatesHypocrites sir
Well, look at him...typical, self-entitled, trumper. Doofus.
They were settlers, not pioneers. Can't have it both ways, numb nuts.
The Utes, Shoshone, Goshute, Paiute and Navajos thank you. Probly.
Native Americans say hi!
#whatawhitethingtosay
Please vote NO tomorrow!
Incredibly stupid statement, Mike. You should read up on what Juan Rivera and Fathers Dominguez and Escalante encountered in 1775-6.
If you give a shit about Utahns, vote no tomorrow on the MTP. The medicaid expansion alone will kick millions off insurance rolls.
Vote yes so we can work on a real healthcare plan before OC explodes!!! It's crashing fast!!#MAGA
News flash,Mormons take ownership of Utah public lands.
Utahns?
Please vote NO!!
Ted Cruz health care plan, let's do this.

Vote now it counts
Not the first
Um..... Go Utes!
Stand strong and vote NO on the healthcare nonsense.
Take the vote
How tone deaf was that to Native Americans, smart guy? Vote No on Trumpcare.  Trump's #'s falling in Utah! Tea Party also sooo 2010. :)
So I guess none of the native people wanted freedom from your religion
Another @GOP science denier.
Vote no.
what about the people that were already there?
if I come to your home and take it from your family by force am I settling or stealing?
Is this what you teach your kids? Really? Perpetuating lies? It must come so easy for ya.
Screwball cult.
Represent all of the 65% of us that approve of & like ACA. Fix what u broke on OCare. Don't repeal. Dogma blinds you, get some 
Please represent Utah by voting "No" on whatever bill is being hidden this time around regarding health care.
You Are Nothing But A Democrat claiming to be a Republican!! You Represent a state of Democrats!!!

 #PleaseStopLying You look #Stupid.

Why don't you be a pioneer and repeal Obamacare. That's a day I'd celebrate.
Talk to someone that you know who will Vote or, if you vote on it, vote NO on repeal and replace! Thank you!
So you flat out admit you do not represent the tens of thousands of Native Americans who live in Utah? Somehow I'm not surprised.
#PioneerDay #TheLeeWay
Rewrites history by disregarding Native Americans.
Disrespects & denigrates the People's Land.
Destroying Healthcare.
We'd all be happier if you repealed and raced Obamacare and got busy on tax cuts
Incorrect.
First known people were here almost 11k years before the Mormons Mike. We know this because of evidence and science.
Vote No. Every one of your constituents will be better off. And you know it.
.@SenMikeLee First white settlers, you mean. Indigenous people lived in Utah for centuries, had their land taken from them.
Oh Please.If America is so rotten, just get the Hell out. I'm tired of listening to the bitching from idiots on the wrong side of evetything
Vote NO to repeal and replace AHCA. It is a death warrant!
On his day remember that passing #trumpcare will kill thousands. don't be complicit in murder.
What about religions that use cannabis as sacrament? Why is THAT still persecuted in UTAH?
Happy pioneer day senator!
...looking good!
Yes, but I why are you promoting this belief. You could have left out the reference to this belief.
Vote no on ACA repeal!
They are calling it repeal & replace but it's only an addendum, so you can rest easy. They can't repeal without 60 votes.
Please don't cave to a Ocare fix... full repeal first...
There can't be a full repeal until they have 60 votes.
Learned a new word today
First settled, not first settlers.
You're an embarrassment and a disgrace. You've got a lot of nerve.
Utah is extremely blessed to have you representing them. We are all blessed to have you in the Senate!
THEN STOP BLOCKING THE HC BILL!  U CAN FIX IT DOWN THE ROAD!
Thanks for all you do! Ps... it would be awesome if you followed me! Pls? :) :) :)
No, they weren't


They are calling it repeal & replace but it's only an addendum, so you can rest easy. They can't repeal without 60 votes.
Thank you Mike, you and your family have done wonderful things here in Utah. I'm proud to have you represent our fabulous state!!
Repeal Obamacare
Grateful to represent Utah, do U hear yourself? Cause U sure choose not to listen to Utah people. This is not about U. DO YOUR JOB!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
We will be happy when you vote yes so we don't have to work with the libs. Granted not perfect but better than dealing with the leftist.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Big idea 1: the Cruz amendment.

Creating 2 pools. No one believes this works including prominent Republicans analysts. 6 
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/886015376173268992 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
But are you also proud of Mountain  Meadows?
And there it is .... the bigotry. Give it a rest for one day.
It's part of their history, which in no way implies bigotry.
Happy Pioneer Day to you, too. 
They are calling it repeal & replace but it's only an addendum, so you can rest easy. They can't repeal without 60 votes.
Do They Have Health Care !
We Voted We Won Election!
WE'RE PENALIZED & No
Health insurance ! Need it 8 years
Ago!! Broke and Liability's
#pointlessrant
You know that was directed at you, @Mossy91358? Your pointless rant. Clearly what I've heard but chose to ignore re: drumph voters is true.
I don't Give a God Damn !
Fuckk Oft
Bwahaha. Can't spell, either? #clearyanidiot (clearly an idiot) wanted to make sure you could decipher that hashtag. 
Obstructionist! Hope you lose your seat/,
I am californian and i love mike lee.  Thank you senator lee for always doing the right thing for america.
Support the #GOP.  #Trump. 
Vote repeal #RepealObamacare 
You want America to win right?
They can't repeal without 60 Senate votes.
You sure it wasn't 17?
I'm not Mormon but if I'm ever laying on the side of the road needing help, I hope a Mormon passes by
Most helpful ppl I know
I'd move to Utah just so you could represent me in DC.

Please vote "no" on motion to proceed!

God bless you Utah 
We may want to consider counting indigenous people as settlers too.
I love Utah. :) Thanks for your efforts on Utah's behalf.
with your healthcare insurance we will all die thank you
Environmentalists will love it especially bill nye
