I thank you, sirs. May I ask that you all stop at nothing short of full repeal? The US govt has no business running healthcare. #freemarket
Ok tell that to the thousands of people who would be dead without Obamacare. Oh you are one of the people who don't give a shit about others
not true honey. I give to others. It's not the job of the government to confiscate from me and give it to others, that's my, and your job.
See I'm ok with with my taxes going to people that are disabled or have cancer or poor kids. Because one day myself or loved one might need
Ok so mail them a check. But don't speak for me. I'll bet I already pay way more in taxes than you ever will. Enough! No socialized med!
There is only one way to dismantle Obamacare and that is a full repeal otherwise Democrats can rebuild it when they are the majority
I Agree w/ U & Rand Paul. 
I Worked In Ins Industry 4Many Yrs 
the 10 Essential HC Benes Mandate m/b Removed 
4Premiums 2come DOWN. 
Period.
You not ready to vote because the bill is not heartless enough for your taste? I wish you had a sick family members and no insurance
Liar lee
You need to do something!!! My family hasn't had health insurance for 2 years because we can't afford a $15K policy that covers nothing!
Same here... Obamacare is unaffordable. No healthcare.
Do you think this will be better! Dream on. This will be FAR worse.
It's going to take a long time to fix the destruction waged on healthcare by Obama and the Democrats.
Suuuuuure thing bud

Good one.
Yes, please, vote for a full repeal rather than Obamacare renamed.
Thank-you for taking your time. I really think it's not good for the American people. Especially the ones who need it the most.
And the 4 of you won't sign it because it's not horrible ENOUGH. I don't care any more, your voters will get what they deserve.
Senate bill is the best we've got. We'll NEVER get full Repeal. Plz get on board!
Healthcare Bill MUST allow ppl 2 buy  insur across state lines creating competn tht MadeAmericaGreat & will keep Making America Great #MAGA
You are the true patriots thanks for defending the us 
Healthcare Bill MUST allow ppl 2choose catastophic or caddilac plan Competion #MadeAmericaGreat & will #MAGA @GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
thank you
PLEASE STAND YOUR GROUND. Lives depend on it.
Yes! Vote against this plan. It will hurt my family and we need you to oppose this plan. Bring honor to Utah by voting against it.
as a forcefully retired ironworker. It's not as if I can work overtime like I used to , to cover extra expenses. Heck I need new prosthetic
The new healthcare bill isnt going to be any different from Obamacare. Hope you get care that you need, but Lee is right to reject this bill
That was my purpose for tweeting him .The prices will never drop without full repeal .People like myself are the most damaged by both bills!
Gotcha, I thought so right after I tweeted that.
 I'm just seeing so many on the right who think this bill is better than Obamacare. Smdh
When you have an apparatus that runs close to 100 k and coverage in your area is limited with no competition. your kinda boned
I can't imagine how stressful that must be for you... have you tried getting a grant?
Looked into it , Nevada is a fickle state . If I were in California they'd be banging down my door . You couldn't pay me to live in Ca
There are quite a few Nonprofit Organizations on that list.
Nancy Pelosi shoved this down our throats #smallbusiness let the #Democrats choke on it! Make those #jackasses fix it!!
And you brag about that??
In my observation Sen. Lee is always proud to make a stand for what he believes is best for our nation. I'm willing to listen.
I am one of millions of Americans who still want #FullRepeal
IT'S OBAMACARE WITH A DIFFERENT NAME
Good because it's folks like my wife and I , who now can't afford coverage any more, and are being penalized for it! 1/2
Until they make it even more mean...
Please, no $$ penalties/fees for those who opt out. Let ins corps educe coverage for 1st year after a gap. Its done in other ins
Step up on this or you're out and that's a guarantee
the 4 of U do a town hall a Periscope so th Public can hear UR thoughts of the additional items 2 have the HCB acceptable 4 Public @POTUS
There's room to massage this and make it better but we must start somewhere. Sign the damn bill or I'm done voting for you
And I'm a person along with my family & most friends who voted Republican 1st time. Won't be supporting you-it's far off, but I'll remember!
THANK YOU ALL FOR DOING WHAT IS RIGHT !!! @SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz @SenRonJohnson @SenRandPauI
Open heart surgery in the US costs 70% more than in the next expensive country. This is a market failure. Vote NO on TrumpCare.
Stay the course, senator. This bill is neither repeal nor replace. You know it.
@RandPauI Excellent. Gentlemen, please hold the fort for #FullRepeal
Excellent. Please Gentlemen, hold the fort for #FullRepeal
Bye Mike
Ya know
If you guys put the 2015 Repeal bill on the floor, I bet it passes.
Then at least 1/2 the nation likes you. Just sayin.
God Bless
Hope we get to a bill to be passed.   Love Lee,  Paul,  Cruz
Thank You! PLEASE #HoldTheLine for a #FullRepeal
Our country sticks together.We need to put all efforts into this health care system.Bring medical equipment etc to your state to lower costs
If you're not ready then GET IT FIXED.
Bravo 
Please god don't let them pass this! This is garbage!! Why are we voting republican if we can't get change???
Thank you!  Please vote NO  #AHCA is a bad plan for America!
Your not the conservative you pretend to be. You sold out to the highest bidder who is paying you off??
I thought you were better than this! Apparently not. You are bringing shame on Republican Party. @SenMikeLee
I live in Ut & I am sick of you acting like a democrat & being #nevertrump. @potus working harder than anyone in my 65 yrs. Wont vote 4 you
Thank you for opposing the GOP health bill aka #Wealthcare. Americans would die & it would be economically disastrous to 99% of us.
@benshapiro @SenTedCruz @SenRonJohnson @SenRandPauI EXCELENT! Thank you gentlemen. And do not fall any bait & switch please.
Thank you! I'm a constituent from Holladay Utah and ask you to vote NO on this terrible #HealthcareBill #standyourground
Please stand strong in opposing this healthcare bill @
Americans are counting on you and your colleagues to vote NO on this horrific healthcare bill. We need leadership right now. Be the leaders!
You four are a complete joke! You will ruin it for millions of Americans struggling under this failed Obamacare system. #selfish
Repeal, repeal repeal. That's what everyone wants. Then work on comprehensive reform. HSA, portability, selling across state lines.
Obama care sucks.
Get Fed. out of the Ins.Industry 
give me more Insurance choice.
Thank you because this is a major situation that must be addressed for a REAL REPEAL.Please help!
Stand strong and get it RIGHT!  That's all the people want.
Mike we must start somewhere to replace this terrible law
Thank you! Stick to your guns on this. The main difference between this bill and Obamacare is that GOP will own the inevitable disaster.
Ready?? There really isn't anything they could to make this passable! #FullRepeal
Because it doesn't screw over more Americans, why don't you actually do something to help all Americans? One payer system!
Not my senator but thank you anyway!
Thank you!!! Please vote no!!!
Thank you.
I get it. We want a great healthcare bill, but let's get this deal done. We look foolish after preaching repeal & replace for 7 yrs #MAGA
Thank you!
Thank you!! Thank you!!! THANK YOU!!
A No vote on Trump Care is a Yes vote to keep OC. "You can't always get what you want, but if you try real hard you'll get what you need"
Don't be a jerk. Repeal Obamacare already.
I don't think u should b bragging about this! There is NO PERFECT bill! U had better get this done or we will vote ALL 4 of u OUT!
Please vote NO on this bill, and please refuse to vote for any bill that does not have a single public hearing in the Senate.
Thank you Senator. Stand your ground. America does not need O lite.
@tedcruz @ChuckNellisJail Thank you for standing up for all Americans and sticking to your promise!
If Obamacare stays, newly elected Democrsht Governors will expand Medicaid. What are you going to do then? Stop living in La La land.
So far @SenMikeLee your statement sounds like lip service. Why EXACTLY are you not ready 2 vote for the bill? #HealthcareBill = #Wealthcare
Pass it....u guys can tweak it once its law. Only single-payer is worse than #Obamacare. #Trump needs republicans to come together
If Obamacare stays, your sanctimonious speeches on lower taxes and less regulations are not going to mean much.
This plan defunds Planned Parenthood, eliminates taxes and penalties and stops the Medicaid expansion. Be realistic with 52 Senators.
its easy and wonderful to vote no. What are we doing to move that to yes?  #GOP needs a win and I think you guys do too
We the people hope you don't change your mind on it cause all the other senators can be blamed for all the deaths that is going to happen
Senator Lee vote Yes!!! We need this, we need a win!!!!
...senate healthcare looks like Obamacare lite without the funding sources...yikes
Please vote"YES" for HCRA bill w/ fellow Repubs.
CRITICAL to have HC bill in place NOW! Tweaks can occur after bill is passed.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Thank you, stay strong. You are the only voice the millions of us being ignored have! Utah thanks you!
I don't want healthcare coverage--I would like to be able to buy a reasonably priced health insurance policy. Stand firm. #HealthcareBill
Well Mike were you around to vote for Obama care if so did you vote for that or pass on that to
.@SenMikeLee @JoeC1776 @SenTedCruz @SenRonJohnson @SenRandPauI Because obstructing President Trump's agenda isn't only for Democrats.
"Obstructing" This is not repeal and can at a min be improved before possibly passing. I support that.
good! Then get on with it.
Sadly it seems that what sound look good intentions from you might be just stripping coverage from those who need it.
I am a senior, I pay over $500 a month for my Medicare supplement.. do not vote for the current bill.
Thanks for standing strong against #SwampCare
#FullRepeal
Just do a Repeal , get rid of Interstate Commerce Act, give people competitive choices, force insurers to have to vie for our purchase!
Please block this!!! Do not let Trumpcare pass!!
Please vote no. Trumpcare will be bad for all of us.
Stick to your guns, stand firm!  That bill is a joke!
THANK YOU. This Marine salutes you standing by your word.
Stay the course gentlemen!!!!
It will be peak 2017 hypocrisy if any of these Senators vote for #TrumpCare - aka ObamaCare Lite. A few tweaks will not get to full repeal
Thank you Senator Lee.
4 of you are "not ready to vote for this bill." So fix it, you were hired to do this. You said you would or is your word meaningless?
i hope u have taken time to write the perfect health bill - u guys have had what, 8 yrs to do so??  free market, no penalties

Thank You! #FullRepeal
Please get the government out of healthcare. We have enough problems already
We need government out of healthcare, it works better to let doctors run the healthcare laws .. just please get out of healthcare. #Repeal
Why ??? I voted for #FullRepeal. Obamacare is killing the poor , it's not good to have government involved in healthcare period, get out
Do we the ppl get sub par crappy care while you the "employee" get the best care on the planet. #EnoughIsEnough #DrainTheSwamp  
That includes all government/public SERVANTS, which all congress reps/senators are. You all work for the American ppl so how on the hell
Congress are a bunch of turds we need a new amendment that states "any law that is passed shall apply to ALL ppl living in America".
Full Repeal @SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz
Thanks.
You are heartless, shameful people.The way those disabled protesters were treated today was evil. How can you condone this, as a US Senator?
When physicians say legislation is "dangerous"...U must listen! VOTE NO!  https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/878039421756428288 … …
American Academy of Pediatrics: "The bill fails children." 
Finally I agree with a republican!
DEAL for more federalism & individual liberty BUT get r done
I wouldn't vote for it either, but I suspect for different reasons than you.  Single payer is inevitable.
Thanks for being a constitutionally sound senator. Stay strong and God bless.
@senatorperdue @SenatorIsakson Thank you.  I've haven't heard from my GA senators yet.
Stick with it. Don't use it as leverage to fake getting a "win" for constituents in exchange for caving to McConnell. #makeamericasickagain
Thank you to you, Cruz, Paul and Johnson!!
Waivers for pre-existing conditions are cruel. Lowering coverage is cruel. Taking benefits from kids, disabled and elderly is evil.
Please don't let us down.
Fix the known problems with the ACA. Then regulate insurance companies and big pharma! Negotiate our meds.
The rich can afford healthcare. Your average constituent cannot. This bill helps 1% of the population.
I Love President Trump but I hate socialized healthcare! If Obamacare lives it will be weaponized against us again in the future!
Don't pass this horrible bill. Our lives depend on affordable and high standard healthcare. My disabled sister depends on it.
VOTE NO, it hurts the common people of Utah and the rest of the country
@benshapiro @SenTedCruz @SenRonJohnson @SenRandPauI good get govt out of insurance & employers too. Free market!!
Work with it. Make it better & pass it through
Full repeal of Obamacare.
We need big gov to get out of healthcare. Just open markets, loosn restrictions. If people can't afford it, they go to a clinic like before.
We need a full repeal and replacement of Obamacare!! For all Republicans this should be a no brainer!! Keep the good work! 
I am disappointed that there are only four of you. The promise was to repeal Obamacare, not to keep it which obviously this bill does.
Thanks for watching out for Utahns/Americans.  Senate bill not the right legislation yet.  REPEAL is a MUST.
#repealanddontreplace
I trust your judgment I hope you can make it better
Thank you!
Thank you!! Please fix what we have and don't scrap what is already working (admittedly with some flaws)!
Get ready.  That's why you were elected.  Duh.  Quit grandstanding and think of your party and constituents.
Keep up the good work 
Thank you Mike. Govt has no business in health care. Govt sucks at everything.
Please reconsider supporting repeal and replace of Obamacare we need to pass something you can always improve it people are hurting
VOTE NO...it's not what We The People wanted or what @Potus wanted. Don't abandons us!
I'm tired of hearing about your opposition without votes that reflect it. Don't settle for amending. Force proper procedure.
Thank you Sen. Lee. Stay strong
I am a 62 year old Utah grandma who will loose her insurance because my insurance premiums will increase so much due to this bill. Gee thx.
"The Perfect is the enemy of the Good." You all had SEVEN years to get your act together! .@POTUS won, no thanks to many of you! #GetErDone
Amen!
Because it's awful, or because it's not awful enough?
Of course you 4 are as obstructionist as the Democrats
Repeal... Then replace... 

There's too much intrusive government BS buried in ACA
Vote for something and fix it in conference! This is getting ridiculous! 
yep, time for Hatch to go. Thank you!
@SenMIkeLee please vote NO on HC bill & don't hold out for even more cuts, especially cuts to preexisting conditions.
Thank you for acknowledging the bill is not what is best for Americans. I hope you will continue to focus on our needs, not party politics.
We need health care, 
Not insurance.
We want the same plan as congress,
You work for us,
We will fire you!
why is the bill still at the play of no? rewright the billan just repeal the dam thing
If my fellow republicans had any guts they would repeal Obamacare and not replace it!
Are you proud of being an obstructionist like the Dems are?
Ron Johnson, welcome to conservatism!
, Do what you need to do to get it fixed so you can vote for it , make it happen.
That's disappointing. Repubs have this 1st step of 3 in hand to erase Obamacare & you're going to vote "Nay" why? You're better than that.
Thank you! All of you....@SenTedCruz @SenRonJohnson @RandPaul  Please continue to be our voices.
-  for repeal. Let the private sector take care Health Care. Then America will have the best HC.
Full repeal, please!
But eventually you'll get in line and vote for this bill. Party over Country.
What amendments will you propose?
Just four? Ugh 
Look, ALL of you PROMISED REPEAL/REPLACE! Let's get it DONE! WORK TOGETHER for petes sake! We gave U EVERYTHING U NEED! GET IT DONE!
get together and work on it 
I'm a republican mexican American and I just want you to grow a pair and back your President!
Thank you. You guys voted to repeal before. Let's do it again
Please Senator.. Vote no!! My disabled adult daughter relies on Medicaid. We all deserve better!!
Thank you Senator Lee.
Please don't if it's just an Obamacare clone.
You guys have been saying "no" for 8 years. Time to actually do something please.
