You'll get your precious Court Justice. But, as a 20 yr educator, I urge you to oppose DeVos. Please listen to UT educators!
dream team.  Please tell mich McConnell go nuclear...Now 
@DianeShamlin Why would anyone be against Judge Gorsuch, he is an outstanding choice!?!
He's a conservative.
Not a good reason! These people need to Grow Up! We had to endure 8 yrs of BHO!
@SenateGOP Once u become the lying class for the few u stay that lying class stop saying u work for all the people
.@SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz I am glad. Here's hoping the Democrats won't shame themselves too badly at his confirmation.
U want to restore Constitutional leadership but everything ur party is doing and allowing is against the a Constitution.#Resist
I am happy with the wait for the right selection.
This SCOTUS pick was stolen from Obama. Republicans didn't do jobs for months to steal this. Obstruction is ur way. Proud r u!
Glad to hear it -- we need good judges who know the law and can tell Trump how illegal his Muslim ban is.
It's too late in *45's term. Delay the confirmation hearing until people can pick someone with honor to serve. #TheResistance
A diaper pin. LMFAO. You don't even know what your resisting. #clueless
It's a safety pin. Any pinhead could see that. And I'm resisting ignorance, so I'm resisting you. #TheResistance #truthmatters
ur biggest concern should be presidents trump, Putin, and banning.....I would worry more about that right now. #NoFascistUSA
@PeteHegseth @SenMikeLee I like his pick but you know the Dems will do their screaming and crying as usual
did you do the same for Merrick Garland? #hypocrite #utpol
. Ewwww! Why would he do that for a whacko liberal?
Garland was a moderate, not a liberal
garland was the worst. The only things he was conservative on was the worst parts of conservatism
Can you expand on why you think he's a "tremendous" pick. I'm curious.
@fox13 Oh now you like Trump.
You know who else was tremendous?  Merrick Garland!  You ignored constituent and refused to consider his nomination.
I'm embarrassed that you're my Senator. Your constant placement of moneyed interests over your constituents/country is shameful.
then go live in another state lol
Born and raised here. Family is here. Have every right to be here. Lol.
well don't complain then
Don't complain that a sell out idiot is "representing" me in Congress?? Yeah, makes sense...
Yeah, if things are bad, do nothing and say nothing, because that never fixed anything. #runaway

: Only I get to use the word TREMENDOUS! Find your own word! VERY SAD!!!
Scott Pruitt there also,holding back on. Will that go to Senate also. ? Dream team make it happen
we need to get the rest of cabinet through. More work to do
@SenTedCruz #stolenseat #MerrickGarland
@SenTedCruz  Ok for a second choice. First choice Merrick. It should have been Obama's pick. You stole it from him. Disgraceful.
NO ONE HAS EVER GOT TO BE CONFIRMED IN THE LAST MONTHS OF SOMEONES PRESIDENCY DAMN LIBTARDS!
Because a Supreme Court justice never died or retired while in the last 9 months of a presidency. Name calling is inmature.
no I call you names because you aren't listening... it's been a 90 year precedent of not doing this... joe Biden said this
DNC boots candidate from chairmanship race for criticizing Ellison’s Islamic faith
Abbott declares emergency to ban sanctuary cities.
we need to drain the swap. America.voted get back to work,repeal Obamacare no death tax,no common core schools, back to history,
About 900 State Department officials sign protest memo: source.put American back to work.
when will you apologize for your never Trump damage?
YES YES YES, as a fellow Utahan I am with you.
@SenateGOP it won't matter the people don't trust the new fake government u support. U have all destroyed ur credibility
I disagree
@SenateGOP eat mierda gringo maricon!
@SenTedCruz hold hearings on Merrill Garland first. Until then, there should be no other SCOTUS justice confirmed
thank you.  God speed.
@gunsonline I'm glad it's not you.
keep up the fight!
No Mike Lee
No Bannon
No Trump 
No KKK 
No Racist USA 

No Mike Lee
No Bannon
No Trump 
No KKK 
No Racist USA
so , you don't want a justice that sees women as equal human beings?
only 2nd to you sir! I've been following your record for some time now. I read your book as well. Class Act!
@Mike_Beacham 
Pull the pin on nuclear option!
Thank you Senator. Stand tall and firm on this. Most important issue you will ever deal with! #MAGA
May I suggest you Superglue the lips of your Democratic colleagues?
it's good to hear you say this. I was hoping it was going to be you or Ted Cruz, but we need you in the senate fighting for us.
Poll your constituents and vote by their opinion. That is your job. Include those you represent, senators forget to do that.
I hope everything means everything.
When @senmikelee says it, you can count on it
He's a tremendous pick for the far right. Not so much for the Center or Left. Sorry, not going to happen.
Will ncurage Dems 2 block like u2 Obama. GOP had opprtunty w reasonable choice n said NO. Y shd Dems suprt u now?
He is an awful pick @SenMikeLee! You have no regard for the 150 million women in this country. It is a personal choice, not yours!
not going to.happen
@SenateGOP No.
@SenateGOP Vote No unless you just don't want to be re-elected. Gorduch is not a good choice for America. Vote No
@SenateGOP ..can u tell those idiot protesters that enough is enough..its their right but really upsetting us sane ppl..
@SenateGOP #vote November 6, 2018 #Midterm2018
@SenateGOP Not gonna happen #obstruct illegitimate president & nominee Thank Sen McConnell for precedent #assholes #hypocrites
So glad you and Sen Cruz can cancel out McCain/Graham!
If you had had your way in 2016 election, you'd be complaining about President Hillary Clinton's SCOTUS pick. #NeilGorsuch
@SenateGOP One name-Merrill Garland You hypocrites have short memories
What's your definition of tremendous??
@SenateGOP No he isn't. He is against women's rights, working people's rights, and for corporations. Not good for America. NO
@SenateGOP 
Go back in time and put Garland in the seat he should have and then wait for an opening under Trump. That's how. #Garland
@SenateGOP America let's make sure Mike lee doesn't get his Senate seat back. #NoWallNoBan #NotOurJustice #resist
@SenateGOP Pay attention Utah don't give him his Senate seat back #NotOurJustice #resist #NoWallNoBan
@SenateGOP no.
.@SenMikeLee @SenateGOP Pls require every Sen, who accepted campaign contributions from the DeVos family, recuse themselves. #draintheswamp
@SenateGOP another republican failure from spineless pathetic gutter failed republicans
@SenateGOP  taste the medicine McConnell handed out last year fascists!

@Liberty2USA And if your rabid attacks on Trump had succeeded there would be no Gorsuch nomination
@SenateGOP just as Merrick Garland was and GOP enthusiastically glowed about in past.  SLIPPERY SLOPE.
@SenateGOP so after you have completely ruined the country, where you moving to?
Amen!
Thank you @SenMikeLee Stay strong senator. Our country needs you. #SCOTUS #gorsuch
@Ruach321 Wat to go Sen Lee! We are winning! Without hateful, destructive bombastic remarks the libs are left with 
@Ruach321 Aren't you glad Hillary didn't get to make this pick? Oh wait, you didn't support Trump against her!
You have our support.
@SenTedCruz be ready to fight. Under no circumstances shall you all allow the left to not confirm Gorsuch!
Be strong and fight!
@ronniefloyd total lack of integrity with how Merrick Garland was handled. Corrupt and lacks integrity. Godless corruption.
@SenTedCruz 
Be prepared to implement nuclear option to counter subversive democrats.
all I need to know this is a disaster for the USA.
@SenTedCruz Hell No!  If you think you're up against a women's movement now, just you wait.
U have watched behavior u now object to, for 6 years. Upset?  How do u think the majority of voters felt? That's right: Upset.
Work just as hard to FIX ACA, or an ACA Replacement.Listen to the voices of Constituents.
Thank you
Please!
I feel sorry for you... would you like a tissue
@Bane1349 What else can you say. The republicans are scared of Trump.
Gorsuch is an activist judge. Sad!
just like the activist left judges on the panel #hypocrite
plz confirm judge Gorsuch
Oh, like granting him a hearing. @gop Senators are a bunch of #hypocrites
you need to look up what joe Biden said about confirming people in the presidents last months
@SenTedCruz 
Expect resistance. Women refuse to go back to an alley for abortions!
you do anyways...
@SenTedCruz then hope you do it!!
@SenTedCruz I look forward to the Dems doing exactly what you guys did to Merrick Garland.  Delay until the next President!
again like I been telling you libtards..no one has been confirmed in the last few months of the presidency
ABSOLUTELY
I was pulling for you but Gorsuch is a great choice God bless @potus
President Trump made an excellent choice for the SCOTUS!  I hope Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed soon!
@SenTedCruz And yet....you will both most likely be disappointed....
Thank you! Let us know if you need our help/support
.@SenMikeLee Thank you. Your comment is respected and appreciated.
Thank you Senator Lee.
Great pick!
Stolen.
@SenTedCruz super can he get thru the Filibuster now the battle begins
@SenTedCruz FABULOUS  FABULOUS
@SenTedCruz Get him through as quickly as possible.
Thank you, @SenMikeLee! @LisaLohmann
@SenTedCruz Please make sure Neil Gorsuch is pro life.
Repeal extra infringements on SBSs/SBRs, AOWs, "burst fire", calibers, ammunition, and suppressors.
Is he so that much more qualified than Garland who you would not give a hearing??
Yes.
Next vacancy Senator, your brother, or maybe you!
Thank you
You politicians had better.
please lead the charge for Senate confirmation as I know you will. Majority needs to unite and lead. Please and thanks!
@Pamelajn922 

NUCLEAR OPTION. MAKE IT QUICK.
@guypbenson @MitchMcConell No more with the Dems CRAP!  Confirm ASAP!! Nuclear option Screw Dems they have & R screwing America!
You have your work cut out.
Excellent choice!!!
#winning
I look forward to the day you get voted out of office.
thank you
@guypbenson And Liberal heads start exploding in 3....2....1....
..they cant even give a rational reason..but the meltdown is fantastic!!!!!
as long as you never get appointed 
MR. TRUMP DID IT AGAIN!!!
HE IS AN AMAZING PRESIDENT!!!
Time to dust off and use the Reid Rules of the senate.
go nuclear if you must.  This man must be on the court
