DRAIN THE SWAMP! !
: It's more important States remove power from a treasonous/traitorous Congress. The Republican Congress failed America for 8yrs.
Is Lee conservative? The word was usurped by extremism of @realDonaldTrump & is oxymoronic & @SenMikeLee is silent.
The high and mighty to himself only. Oh the likes of you I've known all my life. Know-it-all  nothings.
News Flash! We the People voted YOUR PPL OUT!
why do you think the GOP congress let Obama do whatever he wanted George ?
They sure did, by signing Norquist's pledge on Day One to block Any & Everything the President proposed.
Oh George, give it a rest!  Your time has past, just retire & leave us alone. U never Trumpers are now pathetic!
P.S. The Post, George?really?
: WashingtonPost! Don't even know why I read this article? I want both sides of aisle to play nice with TRUMP!
:  Waste  the government has not been able to pass a budget 4 any branch for 10 Years! Caused gov shutdowns!
I ENJOYED WATCHING YOU IN PAST AND NOW ON LAST WORD. THANK YOU KEEP IT UP
Congress is only there because of Trump! Stand with your president! Stop going against him! We the people voted him in! Support or your out
George: people have spoken and we must respect that. May not be your or my brand
You're bitterness is self-inflicted. A man of your age should not act like a petulant child.
@SenMikeLee @washingtonpost Much better if they concentrated on taking power back from rogue courts!
POTUS should just defy courts that defy the Constitution
@SenMikeLee @washingtonpost Stop it! The people voted. Support our President and do your job!
@SenMikeLee @washingtonpost  Sen Lee, do you agree with this approach?
Or Sen Lee, do you agree with congress&exec branches working together
@realDonaldTrump want to know the DEMe Congress loons that approved HRC selling uranium to Russia it's treason
done on HRC watch for her $
HRC transferred  $1.8B to Qatar bank from Clinton Foundation 7 of them
getting money out of USA just what she bitched about all the libs pissed did to
you are out of your fucking mind..
Why didn't he rid Obama?  Whoa Nelly.
DJT is the democratically elected president. Anyone who tries to subvert him for no legal reason is bitter & subversive.
In your liberal wet dreams, Georgie!
Good grief you've gone bonkers. You're so damn bright why don't you do it little man.
There was a reason your contract was not renewed at @FoxNews  your showing the people they made the right decision
Take a vacay George. Go far, far, away. #MAGA
George, shut up. You are no longer relevant
Glad to see you took my advice and changed careers.  This is a good start for you as a comedian.
Help me out here...what are those words in big bold writing? Let me introduce it to you,The Constitution Of The United States.
Get over it. We won. #Winning #TrumpTrain Get on board!
As usual, insightful. Balancing power harder than ever. Why would Trump sign this bill tho?
@Lawrence @washingtonpost question is..can congress be trusted??
nope
get a life
Don't even recognize GW anymore as a Conservative, much less a Republican. SAD. #NOCRED @POTUS
After 8 years of Obama, suddenly "true conservatives" are concerned about executive power.
At this point I don't think the people will stand that
wills in bed with kristol???
@MyBrianLeyh It will never pass. And Congress works for us buddy and We put Pr. Trump in office.
George...Dream on
You've lost your marbles George. Seek professional help. Maybe Dr Krauthammer can help ???  Get well soon !MAGA
We Put Up With Obama's Law Breaking Race Baiting & Now You Want To Stop Trump From Doing Good For US, NO WAY!
another fool wanting to be relevant
the Democratic Party is all but dead. U libs dont live in reality.
your 8 year vacation wasn't long enough? Fine next election your ass is voted OUT be a SOLUTION NOT THE PROBLEM
What country are you rooting for ??? It's DEFINITELY not America...YOU ARE DERANGED !!!  @washingtonpost
#Blow-Hole
Hey George, GO TO HELL they never took it from Obama? They kissed his ass!
You think you would be tired of always being wrong
#FakeJournalist
you need to shut up too. You are damaging our country by disrespecting our #POTUSTrump. Get a damn grip!!
<-keep being wrong. It's been 2 yrs now. You'd think you'd have caught on by now that you're clueless re Trump. @washingtonpost
Where the hell were you during the Obama Monarchy?

STOP
Glad you have located the scrotum that went missing the last 8 years. NOW you want to man up since Obama is gone? #Clowns
Where have you been when Obama was in the WH ?? Now you are so smart
George ,George,George sore loser ,go back to covering baseball
GIVE IT UP, GEORGE
hey George same guy who said Trump didnt have a chsnce
Washed up Will, still butt hurt, another perfect example of "enemy of the people "
Way to finally catch on, @GeorgeWill 
#MAGA
You should be ashamed of yourself for TRYING to undermine The American people that voted for President Trump! We will #MAGA
IF YOUR ATTACK ON OUR PRESIDENT IS DONE FOR YOUR OWN FINANCIAL GAIN, YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF AND NEED ANOTHER JOB~
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE SELECTED OUR CANDIDATE AND HE WON AND HE DESERVES TO TRY TO DO WHAT HE PROMISED US AND YOU NEED TO BE QUIET~
POTUS is keeping all his promises. What the hell happened to you? You are worse then the Democratic snowflakes. Pathetic.
slides yet further into irrelevancy.  Don't let the door hit you on the backside on your way out.
.@GeorgeWill @washingtonpost Nah, we took the power back and flipping the next 10 blue states red in 2018. Nice try tho 
Giving power to Congress is like giving a Fabergé egg to a monkey.
8 years of obama & his muzzie minions openly hating USA......

8 long years.  

You are utter garbage.
- George wake up or go extinct like the rest of the elitist neocons
Mr. “bitter” conservative that got everything wrong at least the last 15 yrs. Meaningless irrelevant..
Georgie-boy -- please save yourself, and us the embarrassment of trying to make yourself relevant --You are not-Kristol either
.@washingtonpost You're whining about presidential overreach now? #givemeabreak 
We're watching you Congress and we think you should ignore George F. Will just like we do
LMAO!! awww poor old george, I see you're still punch-drunk since last November and you have NO IDEA WHAT'S HAPPENED STILL!
Sorry to have lost all respect for you!
you've lost your mind.
just admit to being a part of deep state already
If they do, then you can kiss the US goodbye.  Wake up, man.  @realDonaldTrump is the right guy.  Don't like him?  Move.
Good try sissy libs
big mistake! @RoyBlunt would've NEVER been re-elected but for Trump winning MO by a landslide...R's that turn will be voted out!
It's people like you that pushed Trump to the top--because America got fed up with people like YOU!!
Your good friend Charles K. Has come into the present.. You Mr. Will are stuck in the past!
George, the country made a turn. Apparently, you got left at the intersection. GOPe proved itself incapable.
Didn't you get fired for your out of touch views? You're Irrelevant.
wishful thinking you globalist
WTP happen to like Trump as our President! Leave him alone! Go get a life!
So, why didn't the "Congress" take power from Obama? Your agenda is clear and repugnant.
George I seem to recall a point in the not so distant past when you showed respect for the President - try doing it again
time to #retire as you are acting like a spoiled baby! @realDonaldTrump will be @POTUS for 8 years!! #MAGA
Just become a Democrat! We're happy with Trump you're 
George-do u have employees & give them benefits like I do? Or do u just blab big words?
god no I wouldn't click any link your fake newspaper prints by fake reportes like you
the only threat is Libral democrats
your not some hero standing on principle. You're a traitor to conservative movement and dead to most of us. Stay on MSLSD
Have you lost your mind?  Trump may not ever be your guy but 4 many, many millions he is exactly what we want. #NotTraditional
u should have cared this much when O ran things. Trump's advanced more conservative policy than either Bush & in just 30 days?
You need to get out of #OurGoverment George!! Your as bad as the rest of the #Rinos IN #DC
Go back to sleep, Rip Van Winkle!

They r gonna write a law to take away Pres powers & want the Pres to sign it into law.
Maybe when he going out
congrats George, you are a liberal
Shut up, they should have tried something for the last eight years. Go back to sleep.
Hey George, and @weeklystandard , you may still have a few friends but the people have spoken. #MAGA
Stop trashing our President Mr. Will! That Does NOT help our Country!
=>Congress (and Senate) rode on Trump's coat tails. Do you need a nap?
President Trump is doing more than Obama did in 8 years. Get your head out of the sand George Will.
- I don't think it's in the sand. Only a colonoscopy can verify where it is....
Trump won enough counties to Flip congress in 2018. Case in point, remember @EricCantor! Change is coming #MAGA
If congress takes power back, they WILL lose in 2018. #WeThePeople are taking our country back! #MAGA
If demanding fair trade from another country causes a Trade War, then maybe we shouldn't do business with that country.
In your infinite stupidity WHY would you want Congress a bunch of incompetitents negotiating trade deals. #MAGA #TCOT @GOP @DNC
donad trump is a great president
The feckless @GOP majority Congress was in bed with BHO.  Where was your demand then George?
George Will, stop whining about Trump & do something useful. Trump is POTUS.
I hope you leave all conservative programs you're boring and stupid.
ARREST this man @realDonaldTrump for sedition, treason by action in this very post.
Sedition.  Treason.
Sir, I disagree with your attempts to belittle and besmirch. I do believe that you are part of the problem not the solution.
You are old, tired, wrong and irrelevant! Might as well be a liberal!
Congress has an approval rating lower then MSNBC's! You want the American people to give them the power?
ur nuts George
George the democrat mole
PART 2

THE TRUTH ABOUT SWEDEN CRIME.....
PART 1

THE TRUTH ABOUT SWEDEN CRIME.....
YOUR LIES BORE ME....
YOUR LIES BORE ME....



But they won't Georgie! & the only thing thats gonna turn on @realDonaldTrump is his head when watches rest of dems lose seats
Boy, bye
Old Elite Dog
...And a piece of $hit!
George you said, conservatives will turn on Trump by mid-summer? Is that what that magic 8 ball says?
this POTUS has built a coalition like no GOP candidate since Reagan. Without him you do not have WH. EMBRACE IT!
you make the mistake of assuming Will wants a conservative, middle class state again. He doesn't. Sry
thank you, you are a win for us regular folks in america
I think we need to take back power from the rape supporting MSM Never heard you say one word about this:
.@GeorgeWill  have to witness Trump's presidency & the damage that he has already caused, even before he took office. pls keep speaking out!
Shame on you for selling your soul & Country for .15 a word. You must be desperate. Do you vote? I bet not. PAID TROLL
Subpoena #45's tax returns. he will resign.
.@GeorgeWill I am a Dem, have always had great respect for you; I think you'd agree we thank God that at least Bill Buckley doesn't have
- yes republicans should get rid of Trump and Bannon. Thanks for standing up for what you believe  when at Fox
Due to an institution as antiquated as you George, Congress isn't able to take power away from ANYONE!
@SenMikeLee @washingtonpost George Will is still bloviating?
#Hasbeen old man you are in the stone age and are part of the swamp It must really suck to be you. We don't care what you say
Just do It!
hay north Korea is needing a security of defense I hear go for it georgie .
Where were you Mike when Obama was creating havoc on our country? What, the cat got your tongue then?
"@GeorgeWill: Congress can take back power from the president. Here’s how. https://wpo.st/aL2c2 " 
TRUMP can really reduce size of PC gov!
Good article, but why would @potus @realdonaltrump sign something that would limit his power? I can't see that happening.
You mentioned the working class (Trump voters), a group you don't understand, in an article about Judge Wilkinson. That's funny!
shut up and go home
Congress has the power but not the WILL.Standing by while Trump, Bannon, Miller decimate democracy #impeachTrumpnow
DO  IT IMMEDIATELY ! ! !
you are a closet progressive demorat........
Give it a rest, George Will. You and your sis Jennifer HRC Rubin still Republicans? No one believes it anymore
hope you aren't holding your breath
George, go write a book about baseball.
