Why do you insist on reducing women's access to routine health care and family planning?
Is it?  What are you talking about?
Oh I get it, you are confusing contraception with abortion.  How silly of me to not understand your lack of critical thinking.
Obviously.
Ha ha ha.  I support low-cost health care for underrepresented groups, including women.  I assume you are a white, privileged male?
Delete this false information! Shame! Planned Parenthood is the only place I can afford a check up!
Do you see the replies? How can you combat their belief that it is fabricated fake news urban legend?
I know not fake, pro aborts insist it is
How can we win when they won't even believe their eyes and ears??
You know those videos were PROVEN to be fake, right?
shame on you,  sir,  for peddling these lies and falsehoods. From a mother,  PP patient,  and your constituent. 84129
What you fail to address are the numerous services Planned Parenthood provides to thousands.Yu plan to pay for that or ignore this need too?
This is wrong and very offensive. Why do you like taking women's rights away? Oh, btw, any info on that secret healthcare/death bill? #utpol
Your party got exposed so you're resorting to fake scandals. You're an embarrassment and I'm sick of apologizing for you on behalf of Utah.
"Women deserve better than Planned Parenthood. I know, I worked there."
Planned Parenthood is an excellent organizations that allows people to plan their families. What have you got against that?
You realize the producers were sued for false claims...just like your party's continued lies and war on women. Classic fool.
Lying sack of crap
Liar, liar pants on fire. PP prevents more abortions that ANY organization in the US by providing accessible, affordable contraception!!
This is false! PP does not sell fetal body parts. You are spreading lies only for your religious gains. THAT to me is sinful and shameful.
Nothing
All lies - stop trying to take away women's most basic access to healthcare and stand up to the traitor in the White House. Voters r watchin
Abortion is LEGAL in the United States - stop trying to push your backwards religious views on the rest of us ...
This is beyond enough reason for me. 
#DefundPP #DefundPlannedParenthood #EndFeticide #ChoiceBeforeConception 
Video
You're a traitor to the constitution and our country. Trump is breaking the constitution all the time and you do nothing. #EmolumentsClause
Here's a link that offers more truth than that speech. From @sciencemagazine
Please don't continue to fund all the bad policies from the last admin. #DefundPP #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Sir, please keep fighting 4 #FullRepeal & say no to AHCA. We need strong conservative values to resolve our budget issues. #UnitedForFreedom
Stop right there don't pretend to be a republican and not have @realDonaldTrump  's back comey lied about a lot of things you don't mention!
What truth would that be? your lies or the actual truth that help many poor women with cancer screenings. Than they do performing Abortions
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
You are a stain on democracy Senator
Your vile lies are #FakeNews & have been #proven so ad nauseum

All spreading malicious garbage does
The Senate needs to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump.. Free Speech does not have to CLASSLESS Bias
You Republicans sure do like rehashing old lies and mistruths and peddling Alt-facts. Of course, you have the biggest liar possible in th WH
Depending on YOU to hold the conservative line No trump care rino bloated budget,money to PP,sanctuary cities!#UnitedForFreedom
Aren't you concerned that DDump is not in the slightest bit interested on Russia attacking your election ? Wake up for Christ sake
Please stop spewing pro Russian propaganda.  It's STILL Un-American.
As someone who sold out to Trump, denies climate change, wants to yanke healthcare fro 24 mil, not believing you.
How about some truth about the Russian interference in the election?
Thank you @SenMikeLee for your courage and honor. More men need to take their place as the defenders of life.
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundRefugeeResettlement #DefundSanctuaryCities #UnitedForFreedom
#SeperationOfChurchNSTATE
Does it bother you that you are straight out lying  about this? As a "man of God"  & public servant you have a duty to be truthful. Liar
1800 for guys like Mike Pence, you guys are an obstruction to progress and the advancement of society. Probaly still think the earth is flat
Are you in the GOP unable to tell the truth or is it a new rule you are only allowed to lie?
Republican stupidity is a disease, you backwards simpletons. Wish there was a time machine to send you all back to the 1960s and beyond
If a DEM was in WH you'd be 1rst to call obstruction. YOU ARE putting party over country.WHY don't u care now?r u a sycophant?
How much is Russia paying you? You said urself Comey leak is not a crime. Obstr. Of Justice is a crime, but crickets right? TRAITOR
PP is vital to those of us less rich than u.  Shame on u.
your "close friendship w/sessions"=abomination 2. U.S. democracy...tax payers r collateral damage of U.S. leaders...we're over manipulation
BS not truth.
STOP the LIES!! 
When the truth doesn't fit your agenda, #YouTellALie
So, this is just bullshit. SHAME on you. #PlannedParenthood #LeeLies
Stop the spread of #fake news, Senator. You ought to know better...
Lee is just another one of those #ReligiousCommunists ....

Thank you for your dedication to children, women, and families affected by #abortion, @SenMikeLee!
you are so biased because of you narrow religious thinking you can not see the help Planned Parenthood does for those in need.  Shameful.
Instead of responding to the political crisis caused by the President's repeated lies, you repeat lies about #PlannedParenthood. Shame.
PP doesn't perform abortions in Utah, only health care. A true federalist would focus on Utah & quit trying to change policy in other states
As my Senator, you need to promote truth and not urban legends. Build your argument on evidence, not scare tactics #sticktothefacts #ivote
Blessed be the fruit
Spreading false facts about PP in an effort to cut their funds AND planning to kick 23 mill off health ins? Why do you hate women?
YOU NEED TO READ HISTORY OF WATERGATE
Come on.
trying to decide if you're a blatant liar or just incredibly stupid and unable to do research. Guessing the latter.
I was raised to believe Truth and Justice are the American way.

Perpetuating lies that were proven false is very unamerican.
You couldn't even get past the first sentence without lying. Planned Parenthood doesn't sell body parts!
We need to shut down the gov't if necessary to eliminate funding of PP.
Couldn't you stop the blather and nonsense and actually do some work?
still waiting for something to be done for most defenseless 
PLEASE stop spreading false info. It's incredibly irresponsible of you as a public figure. Planned Parenthood is a great service for women.
And if you care about life, stop trying to cut funding that feeds hungry children.
You care so much about lives of babies? Then don't take away access to birth control - it prevents unwanted pregnancies and hence abortions
we have 2 come 2 grip w>fact>GOP r Orwellian sociopaths &  incapable of normal empathy & telling>truth-will sell us out 2 1% dblx us every x
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
Good to see you support raping of women and parents molesting thier children.
I don't think I would be at this truly joyous place in my life without Planned Parenthood. You are wrong Senator.
With my beautiful intelligent amazing wife. We are ready for parenthood and prepared to give our son the best.
And help me avoid have children before the time was right. I now have an amazing 8 month old son at the age of 38.
Planned Parent hood was there for me and my girlfriends through my teens and 20s. They helped us stay healthy
To politicians, they are supposed to listen to us, their constituents. sen Lee doesn't get it.
It's still a hard topic to look at but my Senator Lee here is no expert do your own reservations and don't listen
I'm not claiming to be right or have the answers but I know you are twisting the facts
I really wish you'd visit a PP clinic and talk to those who work there. Talk to the doctors and women who use their services.
Desperate to get their treason, espionage, and felonies out of the news for even a few hours, @SenMikeLee resuscitates fake news scandals.
I think you're on to something. Seems like @SenMikeLee trying to deflect attention off Russiagate. This Planned Parenthood attack is dumb.
Great work!
Please save our unborn babies... give them a chance in life.. they are human after all.
It is time to outlaw abortion and overturn Roe v. Wade. Republicans have no excuses now. Get us back to a Life & Natural Law Civilization!
THE

ONLY

GUY

WHO

STOOD

WITH

TED

CRUZ

IS

BACK

TO

BASHING

WOMEN

AND

THEIR

HEALTH

SERVICES
Instead of worrying about the 500 mil a year , can we focus on the bigger picture of TRILLIONS lost on entitlements & welfare. Need reform
