What a let down, I thought the Republicans were finally going to get things done. We need new Republicans.
I was promised a repeal.  I want a repeal.  No replacement.  Just repeal.
Repeal is political suicide.  It won't happen before 2018.  And if it does - it will have a devastating impact on healthcare for all.
Healthcare was great before Obama touched it.   Why would getting rid of this monstrosity be devastating?
The devastation will be the millions that will lose coverage and the premiums that will increase even faster per the CBO report from last yr
Other people's healthcare is not my responsibility.  I am responsible for my family's healthcare and nobody else's.
So you don't believe in insurance at all is what you are saying.   Because that's the very definition of insurance.
Nothing about what you posted supports the point you are trying (and failing) to make.
Your problem is that your hatred for Obama clouded your judgement or you wouldn't be yelling repeal 2 coverage ppl have come 2 depend on
Whats sad is u really believe that. I have a 6k deductable and if i had a problem the Dr wants his money upfront. That happened to a friend
I had routine physical w/ new doctor who said, I won't charge U anything extra that  Medicare won't cover. #medicare4all  needs 2b looked at
Correct. Routine is easy. its when u come down with a serious problem when things get screwy. They want the money upfront
And;let me add that a routine phys on Medicare is not as comprehensive as I got when I was working, but Dr. can say "medically necessary."
Again if u sprain your ankle they want the money upfront.
Do you have any healthcare coverage?
I do. 6 k deductable 515 e/month
Senator Lee, please vote tomorrow. You all can tweak it later.

.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
We have the WH, Senate and House and you guys still cant get it together. What an embarrassment.
All of those things weren't enough to overcome a piece of shit bill that was drafted behind closed doors to sneak past the American people.
And Obama threatened and bribed Dems until they passed his disastrous ACA with ZERO Republican support.
Threatened and bribed? Source? U mad bc Trump can't get anything passed w/ no Dem support and several GOP also not voting for that garbage?
Here....you don't know much do you.

http://hotair.com/archives/2009/12/22/the-list-of-payoffs-that-got-reid-his-cloture-vote/ …
Jesus Christ, these are some QUALITY sources you're providing. It's almost as if they have a slant to them. But you agree, so must be right!
Repeal now and that will force the replacement.  Get obumacare AND THE GOVERNMENT out of our lives!!!
We will just repeal and replace you and all the other phony politicians making excuses for being failures.  losing YOUR SEAT IS AN OPTION
Would like to have you back on, Sen Lee.  My listeners/viewers would love to know what happens now.  Thanks j
Please watch it Joe Pags
Did the link come over Joe
Push hard!
Trump doesn't deserve jack squat
You suck like Obama
You realize the killing machine of Planned Parenthood continues with your refusal to vote for it, right?!
No federal money pays for abortions.
Right, you tell me how PP keeps their Fed Funds separate from their "other" funds? You can move money in a line item adjustment anywhere!
Lee has been anti-Trump since the election. Now he expects the American ppl to believe his sincerity towards the POTUS. Good luck w/ that
Sorry, Trump deserves squat. He needs to be in DC working with both sides to get this dine. You know? Leading instead of just barking orders
The 2015 version was good. Vote yes to repeal and replace tomorrow.
by not compromising and getting something/anything you make Dems look good and GOP look bad. time to b wise and drop the egos  @afbranco
That's not fair, nor is it what this country needs or wants. No repeal.
17% of poll numbers for repeal. Are you willing to risk your career for 17% of the population? It's going to hurt those who votes for you.
Unfortunately pharmaceutical & insurance co's pay them more than we do, so we'll always lose. Greed and no scruples!!!  #SaveACA
Explain why the American people need a repeal bill? It's all about your rich friends get a tax break. You're a sickening monster
Meanwhile... Our insurance premiums rise and you tell us to "eat cake!" Get the bill passed and continue to improve it as needed. Pass it!
Hey Senator Lee, all I ask is for the GOP to not screw it up.
Please be responsible with Americans' healthcare.  NO #repeal without #replace.  It will destabilize the market. Business hates uncertainty.
Yes, we need a bill that will actually help people instead of destroy them financially. #utpol #MedicareForAll
Yay. American bankruptcy
And their countries are doing just fine. Yay for American selfishness and greediness. We are such great Christians, we love $ over people.
Disrespectful. Religious Americans give more to charity than any other group in the world. We disagree on policy and you call us greedy
Taking away people's healthcare is pretty greedy and heartless. But I am sure you have an explanation for why it isn't.
Well, yeah When the govt gives you crappy healthcare bought with someone else's money, that's not even yours
How do you think Medicare works? Do you want to get rid of that as well? You can pick your plan so stop lying & spreading falsehoods.
How did I lie about Medicare? We're talking about single payer in the European style. Stay on topic or else we will misunderstand each other
I am not sure you will be re elected so... hope denying the American people was worth it.
Who in congress, voted 2 allow sex reassignment surgery in military & paid 4 by taxpayers?  We need battle ready, not legs in air!   Revoke!
Sad that it's so hard to get GOP to fulfill campaign promises. But we are blessed to have u fighting for freedom! U are a hero
You don't have the votes for that and you know it.  Being disingenuous with voter who can see right through these hollow promises. Sad!
Thank you for keeping your word and fighting for the American people.  God bless.
Thank you Senator. "Tweak and Keep" was the wrong way to go.
Wife is disabled SSI fighting us  for her benifits pay for crap insurance work 3 jobs to pay and you deny relief i get nothing from ACA
Senator Lee, It Looks like the one being proposed is pretty damn good according to some.
Finished reading the Senate HC bill. Put simply: If it passes, it’ll be the greatest policy achievement by a GOP Congress in my lifetime.
We deserve smart, prudent and compassionate health care.  Please work bi-partisanly to fix whatever is wrong with the ACA and then move on!
Lobbyists, have again won the day over taxpayers?  Who in congress, is being bought by Medical Device Tax.  The tax is fair, let them move.
The GOP is a failure.  I am disappointed you guys could not come up with something.
I hope your constituents understand you're nixing biggest entitlement reform in a generation that would save US hundreds of billions of $
And as has the major feature of killing millions of Americans.
Your source being?...
You don't actually expect these people to have facts to back up their opinions do you?
They can't let pesky things like facts get in the way. Distracts from real issues like Bowling Green and crowd sizes
The American people are so tired of politics. We complain about Obama Care and we vote you all to fix it. Yet the GOP is disorganized.
Six months and congress has nothing to show the American people. Republicans have a majority, but you all have no leadership and no progress
Don't know about what he deserves, but we were promised repeal.
Thank you @SenMikeLee , for fighting the good fight!
Repeal is what we voted for and full repeal promise must be kept, rip the socialism up asap
Excuse me but failure is not an option. We voted for @POTUS agenda. If you're unable to support this, please resign. #TermLimits
Thank you Senator for keeping your promise to #FullRepeal #Obamacare!

We need to get rid of ALL of the #ACA!

Nothing less is acceptable!
Are you high? We don't have the 60 votes needed for a full repeal. Dems will never allow it. Something is better than nothing. Vote Yes now.
Yes! #FullRepealNow is the ONLY solution.
Repeal it!! No surrender! ACA has to go. How about send up the repeal bill that's been voted on several times and veto'd? There's an idea!!
What about my relief and millions others in my shoes forced to pay for crap high deductibles high premiums tax penalties  hell with all of U
I guess I wasted my vote on Mike Lee. He will need to go in the next round. Power has gone to his head.
Are you licking his a$$hole right now? He works for us and so do you. Why does @realDonaldTrump deserve more than the majority?
The American people want it repealed - not replaced, REPEALED.
Perfect is the enemy of good.  You are willing to support the current situation by not supporting a better situation.  No sense
Not golfing in NJ for 3 weeks.
This is an absolute joke.     Like all politics these days.  Bring back the days of real leaders
Repeal! We've got your back, Mike.
Repeal Obamacare Let Insurance go back the way it was before Obamacare, AFFORDABLE for millions instead of freebies for the few!
No single payer.  UK has SP, they just lost 2400 hemophiliacs from aids tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many?  Easy 2 cull popltn?
The American people do not want repeal.  They want healthcare.  YOU are not listening.
I want a complete repeal.
That's what I voted for 
Thank You, Mike Lee! Keep fighting for us!
Great job
Thank you, Sir, for your principled stand !
PLEASE HELP REPEAL AND REPLACE            REPUBLICANS  PROMISED
Do NOT repeal ACA!  Make adjustments when needed.
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Please continue to work on improving the current bill.
Ty @SenMikeLee for your integrity and willingness to abide by our beloved constitution.
Meanwhile, millions of Americans and thousands of small businesses like mine will continue to get crippled by Obamacare.
Exactly and pay an extra tax if they can't afford it
You are toast Sen Lee. The only person you fighting for is yourself. We counted on you. You let our president down. 
#Hannity #FoxAndFriends
Republicans can't tie their own shoes
We are left out in the cold w/no representation
They do stink...They lied to their constituents 
Us
Republicans agree on 1 thing, we are a party divided. Three separate factions huddled in respective corners, voters sandwiched between.
Then.. They are FIRED!
@SenMikeLee don't you understand that the current premiums are killing us? Now is the time to at least vote in the right direction! Vote yes
Anand, just like that you blew it!.. fix the darn thing, that's why people elected you!! Enough partisan bullshit behind a Russian spy!
He is representing the wishes of his constituents. You know, how members of Congress are supposed to.
And because of his constituents he killed this bill, it's funny to think they want him to do something far worse than this bill..
I disagree w/ him politically. But at least he sticks to his convictions and isn't willing to pass this piece of garbage.
It's a loss cause at this point but if he's getting on the repeal train then he is a bigger loser. They need to stop playing partisan games.
No argument there.
You will never get a full repeal with current numbers. 52 - 48 isn't enough. We need some kind of progress. Stop stalling. Vote Yes.
I'm pretty sure you are doing absolutely NOTHING. #repealobamacare . #DrainTheSwamp
I agree and names need to be remembered when it is time to vote on him again!!
@kksheld @realDonaldTrump Repeal and do what you promised.   Get rid of Obamacare. Free market will fill the gap
Please don't
All talk...no action!! Let's repeal it, no, let's replace it. What happens...nothing!!!
Pls disappear. We do not need you! #we need people's we can trust#you are#7 years nobody #still
Republicans run, but Dems just circle their wagons until they can pick the right time to strike again
You're so full of it sir.  Call me when you and your associates are serious and not just posturing for your next re-election campaign
Sen Lee we deserve this bill to pass and to move onto things like tax reform.Get ur act together u r destroying the GOP and letting Dems win
Thank you
Yes!  Finally music to the ears.  This is what we voted for.
These are the six people who lied to us and saved Obamacare:
Collins, Heller, Johnson, Lee, Moran, and Paul
What about the middle class...any urgency here, Mike
YES! Yes!! yes!!!   REPEAL NOW - Replace As Needed
What is This?
The2015 Repeal Bill? AReal RepealBill with2yr transition period-
OR-
Something meant to SOUND LIKE- it's the 2015 Repeal Bill?
Be someone with integrity. Switch ur family over to Ocare and see how long you stand ur ground. U wont. Cowardly & overpaid fool..
You know well enough  full repeal wont happen.  I'm done with Rep Senate.  Took the  easy way out voting NO. U will never get anything done
Fight for People, especially the sick & poor. Improve our health system.  Demand universal, affordable coverage as a basic American right.
#CharlieGard! We don't need Universal Healthcare!
let the whole damn thing collapse & then repeal it.  FULL REPEAL AND REPLACE is what was promised; nothing less
Keep fighting the good fight brother!
Thank you for loving people over unholy alliance in WH. MOST Christians see Trump deception, Satan is clever. Hold out for better bill!
I have always respected you. There isn't going to be a clean repeal. The votes aren't there. If you leave Ocare as us GOP loses the Senate
As is*
Go online to get quotes for auto insurance, you'll get 20 offers emailed to you over the next few days. Health Care ain't this complicated!
Clean repeal of Obamacare tax.
Keep up the good fight, Mike ! I wish that your colleagues had half the integrity that you do.
That's right!!!!
Politically impossible.
We Americans don't want or need a repeal bill. What we need is for both parties to stop acting like children and work together on Obamacare.
And the never trumpers will keep fighting against you. Time for new leadership
Once that repeal bill goes through, then what? No communication of an alternative. It's come down to repeal and repeal. Replace? With what?
You need to protect America's most ill. Vote No for full repeal without replacement.
Dismantling alone is not governing.
Thank you!
@DNC 's most valuable player for the week.  Great job!
What is the hold up?  Get together and fix this!
Great idea,Come up with a medical  plan that you and  your fellow senator's will have to use as your health insurance.No more exemptions!
Mike Lee: When you oppose Obamacare so much that you preserve it in its entirety.
Time to fight for term limits. If goofball dems get back in control you are looking at single payer healthcare.
America deserves a real president.
And we deserve a better Senator. What a disappointment you are.
Donald Trump deserves nothing. The American people deserve justice. The healthcare issue is important but secondary.
Let Obama care die on the vine when the democrats, for help it's there baby
Why don't you guys just repeal now and replace later. You voted for repeal before! Remember this? No excuses!
“@SenMikeLee: The American people and @realdonaldtrump deserve a real repeal bill. We'll keep fighting until we get one.”@senrobportman
You're a self absorbed pol. Misguided as well. We've got work to do. You're fired. Hope Rs fund your next primary challenger well.
U GAMBLED EVERYTHING ON REPEAL WORKING.SO ANGRY WITH U. LIKED YOU.NO MORE.IT WON'T PASS.YOUR CAREER IS OVER.
Sir, please work with @SenateDems to repair ACA. Forget repeal.
There is no repairing Obamacare and if something isn't done, the GOP will own this mess!
Um... Why does trump "deserve" a "real" bill? He's not a KING. WE are HIS boss, NOT the other way around, despite the opinion of the cult...
The American People deserve access to affordable comprehensive health care. The only way to control costs is biggest risk pool=single payer.
We can have a free market like we did before our government stuck their noses into healthcare!The costs were much more reasonable!
Yeah right Lee. I'll believe it when I see it. Sick of Rep making promises not following through.Republicans are all talk
Just another Tea Party excuse from a unrealistic political purist.
You better do something, we are watching all of you REPUBLICANS! Tired of you giving into the Democrats!
thank you 
we the American people agree with you 100% no need for a CBO score and that !
JUST take the L
Stop talking & stop being part of the swamp! #DrainTheSwamp #ReplaceRINOS #TermLimits
Thanks for fighting for the American People! Fair and Honest News:
Repeal is essential. Get this done ASAP. Private ins can help if allowed. Get gov't out of the way. Pretty simple.
Just sign anything to get rid of Obamacare then fight for what you want
@SenMikeLee @RandPaul @RonJohnsonWI-  I'm stunned you voted to keep ACA alive.  We will lose our majority thanks to your ineffectiveness.
Thank you, @SenMikeLee for your principled leadership.
Emailed you. No reply. Please work together democrats and republicans for all of us. We voted Trump in. Deal with it. Work together
Senator you're grandstanding
Thank you. And please don't repeal without replacement because then they will force you in a corner to pass another poor plan.
Thank you Senator for fighting for what you believe in .
We need #FullRepeal not a slightly less awful version of obamacare.
liked your interview on fox im proud of you stand strong we are behind you.
Thanks Mike for backing the democrats. #votemikeout
Thank you, and amen, insurance companies make 15 billion dollar's in profit yet our gop aiding in bankrupting our grandkids
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
What the heck has the GOP been doing???  You guys promised #RepealandReplace  Come on!  You've had so much time. I'm so disgusted.
Sadly, not enough Republicans really want Repeal.  We need new leadership that can unite the party and get things done!  #RepealMcConnell
Incompetent partisan; shameful
Lee why do u hate President Trump?
You are the best thing that has happened to the Democrat party.. Turncoat !
US tops G20 in Medical Bankruptcies, Infant/Maternal mortality, preventable deaths & declining life expectancy 
Make This Worse 
With Repeal
We will hold you accountable for the new socialized medicine the Democrats give us.
THANK YOU Sen Lee. Full REPEAL is a must. Get govt out of our healthcare and help provide for free market patient/individual centric system.
No what we deserve & want is for GOP to pull your heads out of your egos, get to work with Dems to make something better for US. VOTE 2018!!
Why can't they just give the President one of the clean repeal bills already voted on to sign?
you're looking not just to repeal aca, but also #Medicaid #medica
all for a tax break.
shame
Repeal!!! Now!!!
Waiting 8 years to get rid of health care plan. And you guys cannot keep a promise. You should be ashamed of yourself. 2018 vote u out !!!
Mike get it repealed now
You and your colleagues are a waste of tax dollars. You guys can't agree on a ham sandwich. You all blew it for the future
So you are all about keeping distractive Obama Care< I will remember you every time, I do without, to send a check to Ins company! worthless
Government MUST GET OUT OF THE BUSINESS OF MANDATING HEALTHCARE of any kind.  Not your job!  Few in congress know what healthcare is about
Sir u and others @SenateGOP have ensured O'care will continue. Dems will thank you for ur support...I won't
We all deserve healthcare and protections. No senior citizen should go broke because of medical bills.
DO NOT REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACING ! YOU NEED TOO HELPING THE AMERICAN FAMILIES  WE WILL SUFFER !             
Mike.  Do your colleagues know what the word 'REPEAL' even means?  Erase, blot-out, eliminate, flush, burn, in case they need help w/ words
The real question is, will Sen Mike Lee & others end up choosing to vote with Pelosi & Liberal Dems?
Thank you Senator. Obamacare needs to be gone. We really don't want a replacement either. Just a free market that will give us relief.
NO REPEAL without a PLAN!
Trump promised pre-existing conditions would be kept. He promised better & cheaper. Hold him accountable to those promises not #BetterCare
Please keep fighting. I am a cancer survivor, I can't afford to get sick again. I have insurance but it's almost worthless to me.
Wink... wink. Well done, and thank you very much.
please #FullRepeal
Agreed. Need real repeal not band aids
God bless you senator. You want to know what a great healthcare plan is? Just look at your at all government employees. They have a good one
Call hugh hewitt. Your handler pissed him off mightily.
Common sense prevails! Healthcare overhaul is necessary, but this bill wasn't it. House bill even worse.
Thank you for putting politics aside and not voting for a bill that would be bad for all Americans. I appalled your bravery
Replace McConnell is a good start.
Just repeal this piece of  Obamacare already!  The people that are paying for it are getting sucked dry while the leeches get a free ride.
First, thanks for having the sense & decency to turn down this bill. Second, modify rather than repeal #noacha
Thankyou for voting no!
Just heard you say on fox news that healthcare is becoming unaffordable because of ACA. Was it affordable before ACA?
I am 76 yrs. old. I would vote for Kid R. & Ozzie O. before any current senator. Epic fail. Over GOP congress. Pathetic.
You guys have to get your act together. This is the #1 issue the @GOP campaigned on and promised. Dems got it done and the @GOP can't undo?
