#TomCottonmouth
ACA was in committee for nearly a year, 100s of amendments were considered and multiple CBO scores were produced. Stop lying.
Unfortunately, lying to their uneducated base is how the GOP stays in power. The truth would wipe them out.
@SenMikeLee Support Rand Paul's proposal. Protect Srs. from 5X costs. FULL REPEAL!  Save the 2018 & 2020 elections for Reps.
@JamieOGrady when Tom Cotton sounds reasonable we know the end is near
@vickscan Isnt Tom Cotton traitor who interfered in deal w Iran and US? even put treason in writing.
Dems held 78 hearings, heard from 181 witnesses, and allowed 121 amendments to O'care/ACA.
Don't forget Dems evenly divided the Senate committee, even though they held a majority.
you #freedomcaucus just want 100% otherwise we wld have immigr/hc now, you said no no in the Bush yrs..stopped both reforms!!
furious with #freedomcaucus you also negotiated in bad faith w/@POTUS, he gave you 3 of 4 of ur demands, not % so u walked!!
AND NOT LIKE MITCH McCONNEL!!  Karma is a bitch, mcconnel!
15 months to get it as right as possible! And yet McConnell said we were jamming it down their throats.... hypocrisy much
Obamacare contained over 200 @GOP amendments & took 10 months to finalize. I'm tired of the 'middle of night' crap. #facts
PS: many of those amendments are responsible for many of the ACA's problems - all favoring the wealthy or ins. cos. #facts
.@TomCottonAR This was rushed to help @realdonaldtrump change the story off Russia. Collusion = treason = prison. #trumprussia
They're also quietly ALL very busy on horrible regulatory sack operation, among many other very nasty quieter things. @Jskorn
ACA was designed to HELP the People. A legitimate fx of Gov: Trumpcare is designed to STEAL taxes & healthcare to benefit 1%
You didn't get the memo.  @SpeakerRyan says you have binary choice. His way or no way. Pl say No to #Ryancare.
You'll still rubber-stamp it, you gutless wonder.
Do some research before you lie.
How the is this anything like the Dems did??? Obamacare took over a year to pass and CBO had plenty of time to score. You're a liar.
Well said, Sir.  Ignore a few haters & whiners commenting here, remembering thousands who RT & FAV know UR right  #pjnet #ccot @tomcottonar
You are spot on! Just because GOP can and Dems did before is not a reason to do this. Be leaders! Thank you! And, I'm a Dem!
But it's not true. ACA was debated for close to year and had hearings. GOP added amendments then voted against anyway
GOPe Reince is serving Trump or advising him in the right direction. I'd let him go to if I were @POTUS.. Ryan/Reince/bff's
Agree.. Ryan was shameless.. our party will not succeed with Ryan as 'leader' he's not serious. he needs to go
Three months of public hearings and discussion before any votes on OCare. No discussion & the @GOP HIDES their plan
republicans are party and money only, not the people. You're a liar, you aren't interested in poor folks. #youfucker
@nowiknowmyabcs If there isn't a provision to buy across state lines, they shouldn't bother to begin with.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/brucejapsen/2016/10/10/sorry-trump-selling-health-insurance-across-state-lines-wouldnt-lower-costs/amp/ …
Thanks for the article. Sorry for the delay, been busy. Issue is, I can't read it, due to not shutting off adblock on the site.
To vote on this tax cut bill disguised as a "health care" bill without one open hearing is cowardly and abrogates their oath.
@Pjw20161951 I wish @SpeakerRyan wld hv listened! Many in GOP leadership incl @RandPaul provided wise advice & he didnt listen!
ACA was on the table for over a month, crooked GOP wanted NOTHING to do with it, NOT the way to govern, try bipartisanship!
thanks for your integrity and voice, @TomCottonAR

why u gotta lie bro?
repub should have been willing to work with dems.. when aca was ontable
Shouldn't act like Dems? Why?Dozens of hearings over 18 mo, accepted amendments from R's, posted bill online 30 days B4 vote.
why are republicans so mean?  You're finally in charge stop acting like children. This is ONE country.
@SenMikeLee why not repeal first? You have the parts to then pass the AHCA, that's not rushing it
Nice start but don't use this to attack the Democrats. Both parties are responsible for the final product of ACA.
You're such a hick.
You mean by having open hearings w/healthcare experts, allowing GOP/Industry to water down law, not rushing it thru? #DoYourJob
Accept responsibility the @gop bill is trash. Quit blaming PBO for your party's incompetence.
You mean like 407 days of argument? Hundreds of hearings? CAN GOP EVER TELL THE TRUTH?
That didn't happen with the ACA. Final version was publicly available for 30 days prior to the vote.
So there was plenty of time for everyone in Congress to read it.
you clearly don't know much about how the ACA was rolled out.
Are you lying or ignorant? Or a little of both?
ACA introduced in House: 9/17/09
ACA passed House: 10/08/09
ACA passed Senate: 12/24/09
ACA becomes law: 03/23/10

…
Effing liar. You know very well Dems held hearings for over a year; CBO scored it, and also dealt with the consequences.
What's the CBO score? This is easy stuff, Tom.
or w/ out knowledge/testing of his it works. So many unknowns. I thought @SpeakerRyan was about NOT jambing this thru?
Why must #Republicans always lie and cheat? Why do you guys hate the American people?
Don't lie.
he needs to go!!! Anyone who can run against this slimeball?
What was that novel called again, where the government routinely rewrote history?
Edit: "GOP SHOULD act like Dems did in O'care. No excuse to release bill Mon night, start voting Wed. With no budget estimate!"
@SenMikeLee , So tell me how many Republicans did Harry Reid and the Dems allowed there input?
WHY do you LIE so much. WHY WHY WHY?  You are not a good person. Amoral liar.
Just extend Medicare to all Americans and call it a day.
Thank you, thank you!
Came 2 your page 2 compliment U voting no/wait. I saw this tweet, and thot... coulda gone all day without a dems slam. Classy.
#ScoreTheBill.  Don't want to hear one more word about it until you #ScoreTheBill
.@TomCottonAR @GOP had MONTHS to offer ideas, pretended to be involved, then ducked out at the end. Bargained in bad faith. #Trumpcare
child, don't you remember? it took months to get a vote on ACA. also, all versions had CBO scores. try again, son.
funny how now after 8yrs we are worried about a budget!!!! Lol
Please stop spreading these lies about the passage of ACA. Democrats could not get any GOP cooperation.
You are correct! Regular ppl can't make household purchasing decisions w/o needed financial info, & neither should Congress.
you and you fellow repubs act like ACA was pushed thru under cover of darkness, WRONG, but that is what @SpeakerRyan is trying.
ACA passed with 60 votes in senate. GOP will have 50 plus Pence. Which two get to vote no?
That's a flagrant lie. Try some honesty in describing what happened.  ACA had hearings, debate, took a yr before votes.
Don't lie. Democrats had hearings for MONTHS on the ACA.

lie lie lie.  Tons or debate and lots of objective review/feedback/scoring with ACA
Maybe first time I've ever agreed with Tom Cotton
This is how this mess got started in the first place. Read before signing. Listen to constituents! Slow down.
Are you suffering from amnesia or being intentionally misleading about how long the ACA took?
how can we agree that all should be covered like car insurance?
Revisionist history. It took years and 160 Republican amendments plus a total of over two years of meetings of every kind.
liar
Stop being coward & stand up to bad plan.
Dems publicly debated ACA in Congress for 9 MONTHS. Why want to ram thru w/o CBO? already know $350M repeal to tax payer #MAGA
I agree. After 2012, 2014 and 2016 support of GOP, @speakerryan HC bill is pretty pathetic. OCA is better than OCA-lite.
LIES 
Tom, the Democratic party took over a year, had extensive hearings, w/bi-partisan amendments. NOT THE SAME. SAD!
THAT'S NOT WHAT DEMS DID! AND YOU KNOW IT! they had CBO scores and took 1 year+ drafting. But I agree dont rush it.
Now, you're just outright lying about how the ACA was passed.
GOP does have an excuse: distract from Russia investigations
GOP being like Dems w/ O'care would be a major improvement over the healthcare reform slop they've rushed to throw together.
We need Public Hearings on the Bill.  We need to hear from the Medical Profession.  We need to hear from the 99%!
@SenMike' Height of Ludicrously! That's not Democracy; that's Authoritarianism! They are so afraid it won't pass & ACA lives on
soooo glad I did NOT vote to have these croonies take over #Trumpcare  my.......
how about you, the rest of the Senate and the House lose the healthcare WE are paying you to have, if we can't get it, you don't deserve it!
What the hell are you talking about? Do you know how many hearings were invested in Obamacare?
you lie ACA was debated openly for months do you EVER tell the truth ???
thread your tweets my man
There's not enough votes 2 get a new bill. What R you talking about? We don't have 60 votes in the Senate. Dems will never help
where r u getting middle of the night? It was debated for a year and had many GOP amendments. Stop this bullshit. No fooling.
You have a very short memory. Dems did not shove ACA down our throats like @SpeakerRyan is with AHCA. Dems took 18 months!
2. GOP *should act like Dems did in O'care. #fixedit
@katlivezey Oh lets reminisce how Pelosi Reid choked us shall we @GOP @DNC
 http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/washington/2010/01/healthcare-senate-house-democrats-obama.html …
wait till Trump supporter See this, they can't afford it
all they care about is the wealthy, put your own damn family on this plan and see how you like it
#DEATHPANELS & SHELLACKING SERVED IN FALL OF 18
NOW ITS TIME FOR A.....SHELLACKING....FOR GOP

Do you always have to insult others? Grow up and act like an adult.
just wait til trumpy sics his deplorables on you. Gonna be fun to watch
GOP rushing to get Swampcare approved. Why?  It's all about the money!
This turkey should be sent back to the barnyard.
Dems debated for *a year* with CBO score and lots of amendments. If only GOP acted like Dems...
no, @TomCottonAR — GOP shouldn't act the same way as they ►falsely◄ accused Dems of acting with Obamacare

#Trumpcare #DOA
Um, except the Democrats did not act this way. Obamacare was debated for months before voting.
you must have been absent the 9 months + when the ACA was debated .must be those 'alternative facts" I've heard so much about.
This is entirely inaccurate.
Dems took 9 months in the House on the ACA and then 2 months in the Senate,no comparison! Apples to bow weavels, don't match up
inflict special pain on Obama, I know that these kinds of lies you can (and may well) speak with your eyes closed.
I, personally, am not inclined to be interested in what someone so cruel has to say, about anything -- but *especially*
when it concerns having anyone else's interest come before yours.
When TOM COTTON speaks - America LISTENS! This is who should be SPEAKER!
Tom Cotton is a crooked man who accepts $$$ from foreign governments in exchange for his official actions.
Oh Tom. I really am your constituent.  I am very close to yell co. The people are going to be livid if they lose their coverage
But don't lie & say the Dems didn't do their due diligence
@SpeakerRyan trying to jam lobbyists garbage down our throats again just like Dems. #JustSayHellNO
THANK YOU! Just what I've been asking. How can you vote on it & NO ONE knows how much it will cost?? Just stupid!
Dems took more than year, so GOP ought to at least go that slow.
CBO has never been close to any of their projections. It's govt Tom, get over it.
Liar. It took a year+ and many hearings to get the ACA bill passed. You could look it up. Or just lie about it.
You are intentionally lying.
strange...but I agree w u...no major policy changes should be put up for Congressional vote until  the #CBO report is complete.
- How the fuck did you survive in the military without getting Court Martialled for lying?
- Dems had hundreds of hours of hearings on the ACA.
which included the insurance co, GOP, RW, Dems. Only ones excluded were proponents of single payer
Nice lie, liar.
You're a serial liar. How do you even stand being you?
@rotatingheads So true, Sir.
so how do you explain away the facts that the ACA was in process with all parties for 18 months?
wow you got that wrong
You are lying. And if you vote for this mess, you're an accessory to mass murder.
Not true about Dems but right about budget estimate. Better get this right- Trumpcare is your legacy. Everyone will remember.
This didn't happen with the ACA. It's passage took over a year.
Why did U have to mention the ACA?  R U a man-baby like *rump?  Just go it on your own merits or deficits..
check the record. ACA was NOT rushed. GOP should give AHCA the same daylight period and hearings that dems did
Another lie. The Affordable Care Act went through numerous hearings and modifications
are you really as ignorant as this tweet makes you appear? #AHCASucks
Mistakes are destined to happen when you hasten to disassemble something that you had no part in putting together.
#Resist
for being a junior, you've got mouth breathing down pro!
How the fuck did Tom Cotton become the voice of reason for GOP??? Am I on Candid Camera or what?
you're an out-and-out fucking liar for this & you know it.
Do you have the memory of a goldfish, or are you just lying?
dems had months of debate but ok
at least the Dems can operate as a cohesive unit. You R-tards love to virtue signal a lot more then you like to legislate.
you lie
you are delusional. This is now how Democrats acted! #Trumpcare
Don't follow Trump's lead. Making blatant lies that are easily checked helps no one.
Stop lying, liar. What's the point of this? Seriously. You're only lying to your own people, the rest of us know the truth.
that's flat out false Tom, the bill was talked about for 20 months with over 200 amendments by Republicans. Learn something
stop lying!
This characterization of the dem process is a bald faced lie and you should be ashamed of yourself, senator.
You wield that projection stick like no other.
u n ur #GOP #prolife party R full of #hypocrites telling millions of Americans 2 drop dead! #SHAMEFUL #traitors
.@TomCottonAR liar. ACA had months of mtgs, hundreds of amendments, 30 day public review. You want to cram this murder bill down our throats
are you serious? Were you not paying attention during the whole thing? Stop being so naive.
Please stand firm Senator.  We need FULL REPEAL 1st!
@GrittyOne You republicans act like children. Dems are too nice to play with bully's like you.
that's not how the Dems acted.
Lie. False. Untrue. Try again.
So you don't want 9 months of work and CBO scoring?
You're lying.
I followed ACA & have recently reviewed, I don't find this accurate. But you need to please base. Agree - NO RUSH NO TRUMPCARE
Stop lying. Just stop. Please. America needs honesty from your side, Tom.
-  WHAT IS SO POPULAR ABOUT GOVERNMENT FORCING PEOPLE TO USE IT OR BE FINED --- POPULAR BECAUSE PEOPLE HAVE NO CHOICE ?
The ACA was a multiple month process.  Stop spreading falsehoods.  Thanks for your opposition to this new terrible repeal.
you must have so little confidence in your position - how else to explain your need to so brazenly lie about this?
- That is a bold-faced lie and you should be ashamed of yourself.
Have you been lying so much that the TRUTH has lost all meaning? No score no vote.
And Congress shouldn't exempt themselves from using their own socialized healthcare plan like Obama & cronies did.
So easy to be a liar. You can say anything.

The elite Democrats need to quit fussing over facts and win more elections
this is a phuking lie. Sick of you all being petty with our lives.
As usual, Cotton's statement isn't remotely accurate.
