Then why is you letting Lynch and the clintons and everyone get away with crimes?
Um.. NO.
Jeff sessions is a racist little elf..
Jeff Sessions is a man and an atty gen but these adjectives r an overstatement. They r good & fine when they respect the constitution.
http://reason.com/archives/2017/07/26/jeff-sessions-lets-cops-be-robbers …
Is Jeff Sessions still sound like a "good" & "fine" man? No respect for the 4th. 
@reason @theblaze @rollcall
But he needs to do his job.  #LockHerUp. @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump
OMG Tom! I guess you are a *true* southerner. He LIED under oath. He was accused of racism. His ethics have been questioned for years.
Instant giveaway that someone is scum: they think "he was accused of racism" is somehow a mark of evil.
Instant giveaway you're a *wannabe* politician who hastily calls others derogatory names if you disagree.
Sessions did not lie under oath
He's actually a racist but I also do not support Trump's authoritarian rule of Tweeting people's careers away overnight.
I'm an Alabama citizen and I've always supported Sessions, but he needs to get with the program. #MAGA
Thought you were only interested in TV ratings? Didn't Oligarch draft-dodger make you look like fools for hearings?
Sure he's a good man. Question is, does he have the balls to go after Clinton & DNC corruption?
He is a perjurer. He is extremely racist. His views on asset forfeiture are abhorrent.  TRump issue with Sessions is 'not getting loyalty'.
good thing #CowardCotton pledged his loyalty to tRump during dinner one night. wonder when #DonTheCon will turn on him, too.
He seems like a good guy, However, he should be investigating Clinton, DNC, Lynch, Obama. They R the one's who broke the law #Collusion
His boss said they would not be going after the Clinton Kabal.
No selective investigation.  Can't say not to investigate when so much is obvious.
I think Awan Bros. will be talking to make a deal. That will put all of them away. Awan is a snake I hope he kept copies before destroying.
I concur, so then prove it & investigate the Clinton's & Wasserman Schultz/DNC corruption. As should the senate #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA
You're not. #Traitor
Sessions' security clearance form shows he checked "no" when asked if he had meetings w/representative from foreign states.Perjury!Contempt!
He's a white supramecist & cont. w/racist legislations. R eyes r open about law enforcement & who they actually protect & who they terrorize
Sessions should be fired for "asset forfeiture" and drug-warmongering-- both of which are constitutional violations.
Trump attacks one republican and you guys mobilize to defend, yet stands on the for the president. Typical swamp creature, toe the line.
Jeff Sessions is a known racist! Trump supports White Supremacists. Do your job. Openly censure trump and remove white Supremacists from WH.
Sessions deserves whatever he gets. He's the one who hitched himself to trump knowing who he is. I wish him the worst and you as well
Wrong on both counts. You are measuring him against our Liar in Chief, which is a very low bar.
I totally agree
Not disagreeing but he has been non existent thus far.
Americans are upset bc Wray has not been put in as FBI director
Funny what loyalty to trump gets you huh? Marijuana is a medicine for those of us who don't want opiates - tell ur "fine" A.G. that!
He lied under OATH! Is that OKay with YOU TOM???????? I guess it is, Cuz YOU LIE EVERYDAY.
THE Trump Cover-up is NOT OK with Arkansans
Because you like his crippling agendas and immigration polices? Or that he's a southern cracker like you? Still no Russia Trump statement?
He is fine man but needs to read Constitution about states rights on property confiscation
A "good man" who prosecuted black people for voting and lied under oath about secret Russian meetings. Good man....
When are you going to STAND UP FOR DEMOCRACY & STOP SUPPORTING THIS PRESIDENT WHO IS DESTROYING DEMOCRACY!! DO YOUR JOB!!
WHAAAT??? Are you on drugs???
Glad, you have at least, a very small pair. 1st time I've ever heard you publicly disagree with @realDonaldTrump. Sessions isn't a good man.
Also, on the side note - Please vote against the repulsive GOP Trump Crapcare bill.  Fix and make better the ACA.
I disagree completely.  Sessions does however, need to stay in that position until such time as Trump is finally impeached.
Whereas President Trump is a BAD man and horrible President!
@SenMikeLee Really? We don't need statements from you or Cotton telling us what kind of liar and racist Sessions is. You hack.
Awwwww your gonna make Trumps mad at you! And he will tweet about you,watch out! Good luck!
Don't let loyalty cloud your judgement.  Sessions is moving too slow in draining the swamp.  Tell him to kick it up a notch!
I wouldn't go that far. As a matter of fact, he's a little shit, just like the guy who is torturing him.
Do "good men" lie on their disclosure forms when being considered for the highest law enforcement office in the land? Or that's ok with you?
Then investigate, coordinate and prosecute. Give him some help. All thse dem scandles and NOTHING ever comes from them. Just talk no action
WE LIKE HIM...BUT HE NEEDS TO BE MORE AGGRESSIVE
He's also missing in action on the Clintons, Lynch, Comey, Abadeen and the rest of the swamp.
No, he is a good man, a decent human being, & a fine attorney, but he is a incompetent Attorney General.  I call him Jimmy Carter, the 2nd.
Sessions threw a wrench of the wheels of justice by not mentioning his Russian connection? That created predictable problems in justice
Amen...I stand with AG Sessions...I find Pres. attacks on AG...digusting
Yes he is, @realDonaldTrump is stepping over the line. I pray his rhetoric gets under control so people can do their jobs effectively
KILL THE HEALTH CARE BILL. DON'T KILL AMERICANS. .DON'T SIGN MILLIONS  OF DEATH WARRANTS BY SIGNING THIS BILL!!
What's he done about the spying on American Citizens, Leaks, Lynch, Comey, IRS, Clinton Foundation etc...?
Heard today he's digging in. Let's hope....
I'm ok with that as long as he does his job in a aggressive and fair manner...
* Except for unconstitutional civil asset forfeiture & behind the times, damaging war on drugs
Maybe but why didn't he reveal Russia connection when he very well knew that was an upcoming issue?
Who said he isn't? The recent criticism is of job performance not personal attacks?
At least you're loyal? Better than, after modeling all your backward policies on Sessions, you pulling a Trump on him. You're Sessions Jr.
file letters of impeachment before Trump causes more damage
Get on TV and disavow Trumps tragic tweets @CNN
Yet not ONE Democrat elected Attorney General would do (or have done) similarly given similar circumstance. NOT ONE!!
Yes he is, but if you work for me you'll at my pleasure. Just a reminder, I support you but you all work for us Senator.
He's a great man. Problem is we need some bull dogs right now. ..
Sessions is an old south bigot! Stop trying to pretend he's anything else. He hates brown people &will do all he can to turn back the clock
A good man doesn't hateblack people.
Stop this idiotic posturing.  We are still $20 Trillion in debt and have a runaway Federal Govt.  Do your effing job.
maybe a good man. Clearly a terrible AG. 
CAF & the war on drugs need to go
According to @SpeakerRyan it is not your job to defend @POTUS , so why is it your job to defend POTUS employee Sessions.  Bad!
We are even more fortunate to have @realDonaldTrump as our President.  Funny how we never hear Senator/Congressman stick up for our POTUS
That really isn't the issue nor is it true. The issue is why Trump is railroading Sessions?  We all know it's so Trump can get to Mueller.
No love for Sessions but its abt time R's stand up for their own against 45 demeaning bullying tactics.
tolerated in Canada. and sends chills to those who have chosen NOT to come near America this year for Vacation.
A man who has expressed his clear disdain for property rights, due process AND federalism is neither a "good man" nor "a fine AG".
sanctuary cities. Open your Jails  so "we" can get after those bad dudes, OR "we" are going to take you money away again. That is not
Yes he's is a good man.  But good men don't put aside the active crimes by the Clintons.
Yes and I urged him to stay steady. Its his punitive thinking I can not accept. Thankfully the court will block his latest threat to
I agree. I am a loyal supporter of President Trump and Jeff Sessions.
No problem with his opposition to prison reform?
You like that he lied to congress and the American people?
No doubt Sessions is a "good man". That is not being questioned. Needs to understand his priorities> Clinton Found., Leaks. Not weed.
So your ok with his bigoted racism?
Does this mean you'll finally have the courage to stand up to @realDonaldTrump as he bullies Sessions into quiting?
It's Trump's prerogative. ..not yours, not Cotton 's.
Then he should actually do something, like go after Hillary for the email and security breaches and the Clinton foundation.
Trump will turn on you all eventually.
Keep him...
then tell jeff to start doing what he was hired to do .or get out of the way @SenMikeLee
Remember when Jeff Sessions lied under oath during his confirmation hearing & none of you have held him accountable? I do... it was so cute.
What's good abt regurgitating failed policies, chipping away Constitutional protections, and being beholden to the private prison industry?
And the KKKebler Elf.
Not necessarily, but he is a wall against Trump getting to Mueller. Hang in there.
are you on crack?
I think it may be crack.  Scary, I blocked him.
Repeal Obamacare you dimwit! THEN work on a replacement plan. Can you at least agree to do THAT?
THEN MB HE SHOULD DO HIS JOB & ARREST CORRUPT LEFT & STOP CHASING SMOKE!
#FireRyan #FireMcConnell
Agree. Why doesn't he de-recuse himself and look into Russia Hillary &foundation Comey Wasserman-Schultz, Holder, Obama,Bremen, Lynch,
He makes the best chocolate striped cookies from his tree too
Apparently the man who appointed him disagrees...so
I don't disagree with this. As usual we are seeing the media hyperventilate over it and blow it all out of proportion for ratings.
Then why does he want to take assets away from people who may be innocent and punish those with marijuana in states where it is legal?
He's anti-states' rights and wants to serve prison industry by bringing back ineffective policies of yesteryear. Not surprised you love him.
I agree he is a good man.  I disagree he is fine AG.  Where is the action on Lynch, Clintons, Unmasking, Fast & Furious.  We demand action
I don't believe Pres.Trump wants to fire AG Sessions but Trump does want to light a fire under Sessions to begin certain DEM investigations
I think it's funny. This is what y'all get for getting in bed with Donald Trump.
Until&unless top gov officials,former and/or current, R prosecuted 4 crimes and punished as non gov persons are, Sessions is NOT! @cspanwj
He doesn't have the trust of the sitting President.  Just like half the Republicans in Congress.  Get Obamacare repealed.  Now.
So why don't you stand up to the guy who bullies him and your colleagues in the Senate?
Progressive Government is resulting in the death of the leviathan. WE THE PEOPLE are coalescing around the true antidote.
Karma. Thats all I have to say to your evil soul. Karma!! Good day, Senator!
I hope U enjoy the money in your pocket, Senator I dont know how U sleep at night I HATE being an Arkansan & I have lived her my entire life
Now, will someone clue the idiot president to lay off Sessions?
Who tilled the soil for the weeds of an "investigation" that draws none of its authority from WE THE PEOPLE. Has zero oversight.
unless you love freedom
Look what he is doing to Sessions. He IS a good man even if Repub. 45 has ruined him, Comey, anyone who doesnt kiss his butt. STOP THIS!
I don't care for that bigot or the racist oink in chief. Just saying
Agreed, but he needs to light fire to the swamp!
I am going to die w/o healthcare. I have emailed, text, called, no one will answer. You are evil. I dont understand Y U R doing this. OMG!
Then get busy with the indictments of @HillaryClinton  AG Lynch, Lois Lerner, Holder, DW Schitz  and Obama!
If he was a fine AG the Russian lie wouldn't have been allowed to fester for so long.
Get 45 out of there You take our healthcare, disgrace transgender, he insults the Boy Scouts. U R MY senator. What R U doing to Arkansas?
Just needs to grow a set at times.
Fake news
I think @POTUS aka @realDonaldTrump issue w/Jeff Sessions is out of frustration over his family being pulled into the nothing Russia thing
very disappointed in you for not supporting your constituents. Those who actually sent you there, not these loud mouth dems!
Good man doesn't make a good AG. You have to be a killer and go getter. Being nice to corrupted liberals is self suicide.
but he is not doing his job! I love him, have voted for him for 15 yrs, but he was wrong to step aside and not clean up this!
He's neither, but glad you are showing a spine and standing against Trump.
like hell..
knowing that @realDonaldTrump is part of DC Fishbowl now &his libertarian votes started hurling rocks - Trump shuffles cards > Reverse  play
We need action and Sessions is not the guy.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up @USAGSessions! He is indeed a good man and a fine Attorney-General.
He's a racist perjurer and that's why Trump picked him.
Translation: "He's a good ole boy, and one of us."
And 2, Senate needs to confirm @POTUS 200+waiting candidates so he can drain the swamp/sewer. @SenMajLdr The whole Senate shld be fired
A racist too but the standards are a bit looser in the south.
Over 250+ bills waiting passed by House sent to @SenateMajLdr . Rep senate done NOTHING! Worse than when Reid was in charge, Do U'r job
However, is Donald Trump a good man and a fine President? Where is that statement?
Sessions was a questionable appointment to begin with.   Clearly put in place to do Trump's bidding.  He can't be that blatant.  suck it up.
BS, he is not doing his job just like inept Senate.
I want him there only to avoid firing Mueller, but he is NOT, I repeat, NOT a good man.
Then he should do his job and quit hiding. We like him too, but this RUSSIA/TRUMP thing has gone on long enough. Try putting GJ for Hillary
Mr. Sessions is a very qualified professional. He is more than capable of fulfilling his position.
He's just another swamp creature... Drain the Swamp!!
Tom Cotton would actually implement what Trump campaigned on, Trump is too distracted.
Today is a time for brave really brave men who reach to greatness not convenience like most of u do.
No, he's a bigot and a racist.
But we need more.We need our attorney General to be strong and to take on what is obvious to the people and he is not doing that!
Tell Trump that! Trump is a lying Traitor!!!
He is neither of those things. But he is an properly nominated and appointed AG who properly recused himself.
This!
He's frustrated! These people invented this lie nearly 1 1/2 years ago, and we allowed it. They tried to pin fake rape on him too! Help us!
RINO!
But he doesnt go after the elites does he why because there above the law you the peopel are just serfs slaves to them
Tom Cotton = Intimidated by trump, Sessions= liar and lied under oath
In Cotton's defense, 95 percent of DC Republicans are spineless cowards.
This is Trump theater to distract from hearings & investigations that will prove hacking of DNC e-mails for Trump. Not everyone is fooled.
Well said!
Firing Sessions would be a huge mistake.  Not enough support in the Senate to confirm another AG. POTUS would never get another one.
Loll
So Chaffetz quit over this fine job Sessions did with his obstruction. Think you need to redefine "fine attorney general".
Too bad you and your fellow (R) in congress have no balls to stand up to Trump.  SAD!
Do you support Federal Asset Seizure and filling private prisons with low level drug offenders?
Will you stand up for your constituents, like you are for Sessions? Protect the ACA; work with the democrats to fix its flaws!
He will not, he wants to be president
Yeah .. Now thats all good .. Now have him do his job .. Where is the special counsel to investigate actual crimes? & not just Russia Hoax
These are fine words. But what will you do if 45 fires Sessions & Mueller afterwards? Will u support establishing special counsel statute?
I want to know the answer to this question too.
Same
I agree - but he needs to get aggressively out of the starting gate on leaks and investigations of Clintons and other criminal libs
Let's finish the current investigation first.
I'm sure the USAG can handle investigating more than one person 
Omg really?!  SMH I'm not a Trumpster no need to dumb it down for me  just my polite way of saying you're trying to muddy the waters.
And you're a waterboy cheerleader that is only out to get wealthy.
Just wondering - Why is stopping leaks about government corruption more important than stopping the corruption?   #MAGA 
We love Sessions. Too many in D.C. are fine with status quo. Trump sees a declining nation in fantastic debt. He's trying to wake y'all up!
Hey nut job go back to your corner wearing your tinfoil hat and wait until you get the words to share like a normal person.
Plus, rumor is he is gay not a pedophile. So, get rumors straight (no pun intended haha)
Wrong on both counts.
