That why you won't have #NoMoreTerms
And you nicely worked the title of a DiCaprio movie in there.  Well played Sen Lee.
That's not something i would say w/ your outside voice. You are a Loser.
Ew
Your were definitely right about Obama on Paris Clinate Accord and you spoke for majority America  Obama did try to harm America.
You consistently mess up a lot of things that should be easy.
Your short-sighted and willfully ignorant actions will be condemned by future generations, just as I condemn you today.
Opposed what? We make our own rules
I have consistently opposed you. How much money have you lost the state.  How much ? You suck ups are long any support
I consistently oppose you, your policies and your complete lack of real values..
I really really dislike the fact that you are my senator #utpol
Time to vote this clown out of office.
Please work hard on this.  The country and world depend on you!
You have a problem with clean air & water?  I have a problem with you & your policies.
1. do you understand it 2. cannot lrave until 2020
3. dont have a clue do you
What is the logic behind this opposition and where is the data that supports this bad policy?
Why would you oppose a voluntary agreement. No cost to us or the 100 plus other nations?  Isn't there one Republican I can to look out for m
You have been listening to Trumps propaganda program at Fox News  I need to vote democratic for everything in future
Your a smart man!
you also consistently pushed for gov shutdown that hurt a huge chunk of your constituents, party over country and people
So you have been consistently wrong. Congratulations for your consistency.
That is why we love you Senator!
Because he will help insure that the earth will rid itself of the irritants humans have caused? One more ice age coming up. Look it up!
Does Mike Lee really want clean air & water for our kids' future or does he only care about corporate profits? #Resist #ParisAccord #Unfit
THANKS! @SenMikeLee @UTAH
What a maroon. Poor Utah.
Just like the captain of the Titanic consistently opposed slowing down for the icebergs.
Heard you on Fox, you almost sounded like a Trump supporter
He's kissing his a$$
Of course you've been a fool for ever-your thoughts..if you can think...
You must not read a lot.
An your a joke ooooo

And you are consistently ignorant. Gambling with the possibility of harm to your and everyone safety is morally reprehensible
#notmysenator #wrongsideofhistoryandscience
Utah has among the WORST environmental problems-work toward a solution, Mike, don't move backwards....
This makes me upset
Of course you opposed the Paris agreement. It was backed by Obama & the GOP practiced 8 yrs of obstructionism
So it's Earth vs Mike. Do you ever get a whiff of self doubt, that maybe all the world's scientists might be on to something after all?
Thank you Senator.
Then you've been consistently wrong. Since your inception.
Hey, you're right there with Nicaragua and Syria! Great company Senator Lee!
I'm proud to say I have never and will never vote for you. 84121.
Then you are a threat to the world and its future.  Good leaders examine experts' views.
Congratulations for adding earth to your hate list along with women, healthy people, poc, lgbtq
45 is vindictive. He intends to undo anything and everything good that Obama has done for America and the world no matter who it hurts.
Then shame on you. Agreement was a step toward protecting dignity and sanctity of life.
You are a fool.
And you are not alone in that.
Well now aren't you special. Now China and Germany will lead the world in renewable energy jobs. #losing
You have been so rude to Judy Woodruff tonight.   I will make sure you never get my vote. Disgusting behavior!!!! #DIRTYTRUMPCLONE
Oppose oppose, got any good proposals? So easy to tear down, any idea how to make better?
Consistently wrong. Arrogance and foolishness
You were embarrassing on MTPDaily show. But thank you for showing the world that Repubs are embarrassing. 45 is taking your party down.
The agreement was a voluntary means of finding common ground on how to beat climate change. Why are you so against that?
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
Woodruff interview proves 'it is better to be thought a fool rather than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
How much longer do you have in office?
Well it is time to hold you accountable and consistently vote against you. It sad you have't to take a back seat to restoring our planet.
I agree. Big scam. Everyone who wants this farce can fund it w/their money not mine
This is just vile.
I'm not sure your idiocy and blind allegiance to the GOP is something to boast about
I have opposed you since your election.
He is clueless. #Utah #Utahn deserve better.
#UNsen UNpol #UTpolitics #UT defeat #MikeLee 
#ActOnClimate #ActOnEnvironment #ParisAgrrement

LIAR.

But hey you FULLY SUPPORT @GregForMontana 

 Choking
 Body Slamming &
 Punching

people who ask about #Trumpcare, so not surprised
Why are Republicans so against the idea of climate change?  He should not have withdrawn for the Paris Acc. Trump needs to Wake up.
saw you on Chuck Todd typical response from a republican, anything that black president did, get rid of it bring back coal.
Are you a scientist? Do you believe in evolution? Oh! You're a "the world is really 6,000 years old" religious nut.
Good to know you've hated the environment for such a long time. Maybe you need to find a new line of work
You're crying about poor paying for clean climate, but say nothing about the poor paying for multi-billion tax cuts for the rich. Bastard.
Shame on you. I consider this a personal attack on the future of my kids and grandkids. You need to educate yourself. It's embarrassing
Of course you have because you don't know science or math. The more Lee says the less we know that he knows. A really serious 1950's man.
You're a conservative, Sen. Lee. Tell us how you would conserve for future generations. #utpol
That just means you're consistantly an assh*le who doesn't care about your children's future. #Shame on you!
We'd like to hear what action you would take on #ClimateChange. If not the #ParisClimateAgreement, then what?
I guess your owners got what they paid for then.
thanks for the common sense discussion with @TeamCavuto, you always make things easy to understand
Watching you on fox news
Wow, could you crawl up trump's ass any further
Anyone who could ever be considered for SCOTUS,KNOWS how dumb he is
... the American people did the right thing ... Great Job with Neal
u r speaking out of both sides of ur mouth. American people WANT Paris accord.
As a Life- long Pittsburgher, I can promise you he doesn't represent me.  He has never tried to represent anyone other than his base
Too many Book of Mormon and bible plague stories make one willfully ignorant.
#THINK
Thank you
And I consistently oppose you. You oppose science, facts and our future.
As someone from Utah, why? Why did you do this? We should be working together not looking out for ourselves. Why condemn us for your party?
You also opposed clean water for people in Flint Michigan.
That's not something to be proud of, Senator.
Because all you care about is money.  We won't have a planet to hand over to our children. Time to vote your ass out!
Nice. #Asthma #TasteOurAir #SyriaNicaraguaAndYou  84106
Mofo idiot.
Any proposed treaty should be brought before the Senate. Critical to proper function of govmt.
Don't think that should be a point of pride, Sir.
STFU rino SOB
You have been wrong for a long time, then.
The accord is, admittedly, not nearly enough. But it could avert complete disaster.
God bless Trump...
...and the Americans not blinded by special interests, fake media and illegals.
God loves everyone and doesn't exempt in our way. Jesus took the poor not kick them out. He healed the sick instead of ignoring them.
I think he's also consistently opposed to breathing fresh air.
Thank you. Despite 'democrats'  inability to cope with their loss, we've got your back.
We rarely see green clean air days! You don't have a clue.
What do you propose to do instead?
Your argument has flaws. Developed nations have caused more damage and should pay more. Carbon neutral technology from the US creates jobs
Uhhh.. that's not something to be proud of.
Kudos for standing by your convictions even if it kind of hoses the future.
And you are consistently wrong.
You're such a forward thinking guy. Shitbird.
You are bad for Utah.
Bad for mankind.
It's another consistent example of you being a fool, too.
That just highlights both your ignorance and your incompetence.
Taxpayers like me want a cleaner environment and better health. I honestly don't give a &^%$ what YOU think.
So you've been wrong for longer than others? Congrats.
U really are naive if u don't think Comey isn't going 2 say Trump pressured him 2 stop the investigation. Come on man
Fool
Glad to hear, Mike!
That's about all I can say today too.
@SenMikeLee you were that kid who ate paste in preschool.
Haha love it!!!!
one of the many reasons so much of your constituency dislikes having you as our senator.
You and your party continue to be on the wrong side of history.  It's shameful that you and your party continue to reject science.
By all means, let's not do anything that might mitigate risks to our water security in the 2nd driest state in the union.
That's stupid.
I don't understand. First you say it will cost too much, but then say that $3B isn't enough anyway? What commitment will you make 2 climate?
@SenMikeLee, whichever one makes him the most #SoldHisSoul #SeeYouInHellMrLee #ParisAgreement
Of course you would, there's no money in for you
Consistent does not equal smart or right. What will you say to your children about the world you are leaving them?
Thank you for being a voice of reason and being a great example for all US Senators!
LOL yeah, thanks. You're a real prince. #SyraiNicaraguaAndYou
There is no other way to say this: You clearly have no clue what you're talking about. None. And you won't listen to reason & science.
Let me help you out Senator. Renewable energy jobs provided 3X the jobs that, oil, gas & coal provided...combined. You may want to review.
Congratulations. In a state where the air pollution rivals that of Beijing and the economy is largely dependent on snowfall. #winning #84060
And why is that? I also asked @senorrinhatch same question. What empirical examples of economic harm do you have, senator? #ParisAgreement
You have consistently opposed EVERYTHING since its inception. Why would this be any different? #NotNews #Obstructionist
that makes 2 of us
Hence why no one will ever accuse you of being a smart person
