Why won't politicians let the free market work with healthcare access & premiums? It's so simple. Stop gov involvement in our h/c.
b/c the free market has worked so well in the past. that's why our healthcare costs are higher and we still pay more than other nations...
The h/c system has not been in the free market system, gov has constantly dictated what is to be covered. Gov is the problem not solution
Government dictates what must be covered so people don't get screwed by their insurance companies and die...
Your are wrong again, gov doesn't stop people from dying or get short end of stick.
it can if the alternative is getting denied because of preexisting conditions, or unaffordable treatment...
You would be pleasantly surprised what h/c will be when fully released to free market competition, which includes pre-existing conditions.
if partial free market costs more and is less effective, what make you think a total free market would be any better for healthcare?
Do you despise America? You sure won't defend America! #25thAmendmentNow
Learn it! Learn the rest of the Constitution!
So many in congress promised repeal, Mitch is a liar! If we don't get what we were promised we will vote for those that act!!!
Ok @SenMikeLee - do you actually have solution or r u just looking for attention?
He probably wants Rand Paul's bill, which is a lot better.  That is his solution.  Unfortunately, it's not the bill we are discussing.
And the reason is....it has zero chance of passing. Better to have progress than perfection
Spoken like a true GOP hack. They promised repeal w/ market solutions & this is anything but.

My brother didn't fight and die so that America could become a socialistic country. Get the government all the way out of our healthcare. 
Agreed vehemently!
I support term limits so you have to deal with what you're making us deal with. Time to come home Mike.
Please pass the 2015 full repeal bill. Get govt. off our healthcare. We need market base solutions and sell insurance across state lines.
Agreed. The republicans have moaned but not acted for 8 years; still not acting. The dems have destroyed the system.  What a mess! Fire them
Maybe so.  All you guys are doing is inimical, political theater. You guys will impoverish the middle-class and blame each other. Shameful!

https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/877692469378416641 … 
I know many people who's lives were saved thanks to Obamacare. Poor and middle class. Vote for this bill be we will vote u out.
Doing a wrong thing is worse than doing nothing... #FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
Correcting even part of a wrong thing is better than doing nothing. If wastetrals in congress take action, they'll maybe have to make it go.
We want #FullRepeal and most certainly #NoNewEntitlements
No person has a right to determine standard of life for another
#UnitedForFreedom
Stay out of our lives our healthcare and our business! You work for us!
Watched you on #face the nation.  You make no sense.  Even a grandma gets you.
Insurance are telling doctors what to do with their patients, cut the regulations so it's go back to doctors patient care.
The American Demand Single Payer as the Replacement!

Redmap gerrymanderd republicans
Your in a jam from lieing for 8 years
Repeal withoutnreplace is not an option. Lets repeal ourr healthcare and lets semwhat happens
You GOP guys are obviously useless at governing so you repeal, there will be no replacement. Stop the lying & tell us how many will die then
Boehner said "in 25 years that I served in Congress, R's never, ever, one time agreed on what a health care proposal should look like."
Kick healthcare down the road - Republicans are useless and spineless.
Without Trump you do not have a voice. REPLACE NOW
It's not OK to be passive about Trump tweets. It's a window into his actions and his thinking. If you wore your  first hat you would agree
My statement to you (I)
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/02/spineless-answer-sen-mike-lee-shows-gop-crash-burn-trump.html … #enabler
PLEASE continue to oppose this horrible bill. Thanks for being brave on this one.     -Heber constituent
Why are you and your GOP partners so excited to bring suffering on millions of people? Is it just for your wealth, or are you a racist?
All wrong on repeal then replace. Idiotic, in fact.
It's not a HEALTH Bill!  It is a WEATH for Rich Bill!!  FIX ACA
Mike , selling a book on "Face the Nation "about the Iroquois helping  FF's ...SHAME ON YOU!
Your book is as wrong as your AHCA bill, pal!
You said this is okay? If a journalist get killed you're on the list of enablers #25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
When people start dying, which they will,YOU WILL BE BLAMED!  I almost hope you would get your wish to repeal only cause it would finish GOP
"Replace" at later date makes no sense.It could leave us with nothing or something much worse.Repeal only is politically motivated.Shameful!
So let me get this straight: You want to take away ACA & then at some point in the future the GOP will come up w/a better healthcare plan?
Your party can't govern. Just admit you don't care about anyone. If you could kill us all, and keep your seat, you would. Be honest, please.

Bipartisan would be smartest move. Utah is thriving on ACA and to undo their rights with healthcare protection would hurt Utah big time!
Your weak excuse on @FaceTheNation for @realDonaldTrump's  horribly juvenile behavior - he's "unique?" Please - upbraid your leader.
NO trumpcare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Please stand strong and #KeepThePromise for #FullRepeal!  We want a #FreeMarket system,  my choice!!  #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom Thank you!
Don't let such trash even see a vote. Trump was enough garbage for one decade. We are 6 months into the most incompetent US gov in history!

CBO/JCT on REPEAL bill without REPLACE:
+32M uninsured
+*100%* premiums 
Fix the ACA tell McConnell and Ryan to stop childish behavior .
The GOP needs to grow up and fix the ACA. There's a lot good and stop trying to kill it because it's attached to Obama.
If the GOP buys you off with opioid $$, I will work hard to see you are voted out next election!
statement sounds fine. Now work with the whole Senate and pull country together. Be inclusive and change this ugly tone.
The POTUS said today - Just REPEAL - perfect !!!
Where is your statement regarding the Presidents disgusting tweets regarding someone from the media? #utpol Is that how you talk?
Strengthen ACA, screw Trumpcare.  Why try & fix a shitty bill no one supports & will hurt millions of citizens?  Why?  Why?  Why?
Vote No!!! on Healthcare bill.
@SenMikeLee People will need it for catastrophic health care conditions. That they would normally not be able to afford.
TrumpCare is a tax cut for the super-rich pretending to be healthcare and comes at the expense of those who need it most.
Sadly Senator this bill leaves the poor behind as well. Bipartisanship collaboration is the key, not working w/the embarrassment in the WH.
Working fams, ppl w/ #preexistingconditions: TY for remembering who #ACA protects. And TY for recognizing #BCRA screws us all. #SaveOurCare
Everything is a nonstarter w/o promised #FullRepeal of #Obamacare NO entitlements! NO subsidies! NO Medicare expansion! #FreeMarket #Debt
Insurance that serves people well needs no mandates. Get gov regs out & subsidies won't be needed either. #FullRepeal @AAPSonline #TCOT #DPC
Senator Mike Lee we must fight on the Mitchcare and Ryancare healthcare proposal is no different than Obamacare. We need change.
Full repeal. Nothing less. Yes to free markets - No to socialized medicine
what's wrong with "socialized medicine"? we already have a "socialized military"... why do you trust the free market so much?
It leads to death panels, high costs, and poor healthcare. Free mrkts lead to competition, solutions, lower costs, and better healrhcare
What R U smoking?
women,kids,disabled,older deserve respect and protection NO cuts on Medicaid NOOOOO trumpcare
do your job serve and protect the +90% American people NO On Trump-cara NO cuts on Medicaid
#TrumpCare = 98% ACA, Hippocratic Oath: 1st, Do no harm!
#Bible #Truth #Constitution #Liberty #FreeEnterprise #UnitedForFreedom #FullRepeal
How about giving us insurance at a fraction of the cost with low deductibles that covers preexisting conditions w/ no caps?  FOR ALL!
Demand healthcare freedom!
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
Both political parties are responsible for healthcare disaster
http://medicaleconomics.modernmedicine.com/medical-economics/news/both-political-parties-are-responsible-healthcare-disaster …
People w pre exist condition should be eligible to buy from Medicare at market price lowering cost to co and lowering Heath prem. Sub w fee
We don't want Obama care light. Repeal would be best then deregulate and allow insurance companies to compete .
Make it right but get it done
#FullRepeal  fed govt has zero jurisdiction over hc! We were promised repeal every root & branch!  Make 10th amdnt relevant again!
Republicans can pls Conservatives who FOUGHT for Trump's agenda, or pass something else w/Healthcare & pls no one.
What are you bringing to the table?!? #RepealAndReplace Do your job. You can not just say no. You actually need ideas. #HillStaycation
Why are is the senate breaking for the 4th?? When you have a real job you have to stay and complete your work. #TaxReform #RepealAndReplace
You are wrong if you think we (the ppl who made the mistake of voting for you) will forget that you failed to repeal OCare.... UR wrong
Thank you for standing strong against socialized healthcare. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #KeepYourPromise
what's wrong with "socialized healthcare" again? all civilized nations implement this. also, we already have other "socialzed" programs..
Get on board. U don't live in perfect world. What you want can't happen in Senate. Reality! Don't blow opportunity -Stop OC! Base upset-2018
Senator Stop acting like you live in utopia. You got to compromise to more forward! Improve in phase 2/3. Don't blow this opportunity!! 2018
Here is my statement..WHAT did you do for 7 years. Now you all need a recess??? Give me a break . fix the bill and get it done! #TRUMP
You have the house, senate, WH and still can't pass a bill that was promised for 7 years! Drain the swamp.
This is exactly why we never get things done in congress & why we need Trump. I support Trump 100% & want term limits for congress!
Repeal this albatross in it's entirety as promised. No government healthcare. #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
You think you have the right to do nothing on the HC BILL? Thank god you can be replaced. Can't wait for Trump to run an alternative!!
Stand with WE THE PEOPLE to the end! Thank YOU! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom! NO trumpcare!
what's your solution for the millions that would be left uninsured?
Government control stifles competition, innovation, and quality in health care. Please stand strong for #FullRepeal! #UnitedForFreedom
that's why we spend so much on healthcare, yet costs are higher, right?
We haven't had real competition in health care for many years. Insurance is not health care
a single payer system would allow competition among providers to provide the best healthcare at the lowest cost to all americans
. Pass healthcare bill Country voted for trump
Don't vote for this bill. It does not do what Conservatives want. We want ACA gone, gone, gone - not watered down.
what is your alternative?
Drain the swamp of self serving political thieves
2/ or Healthcare Companies/ Healthcare Execs. LEGIT! People want a straight up honest deal, no scams, bribes, threats. Honesty, Integrity
Trump's Scamcare isn't what we need. Start with a legitimate base and move foreword. No tax cuts for the wealthy, no tax breaks for Pharm/1
Repeal Ocare
Open up the free market for insurance
Work on lowering actual cost of drugs and care
The bill as it stands would kill hard working, Americans such as myself and my family. preexisting conditions + low wages=death
what are you saying?
Surprised at you Mike, tax cuts for the wealthy??? Who's money is it?? Who worked for it? Who pays the lion's share of taxes. A cut? Hardly!
Year half over and still nothing on the agenda accomplished.
Thank you for being a principled conservative willing to stand strong against this tragic healthcare bill. We support you! #UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom  Thank you!!
how do you cover everyone then? magic?
Thank you
Thank you @SenMikeLee.  I am proud to have you as my senator. Don't give up on liberty. #FreeOurHealthcare
Thank you for standing up to a significantly worse bill than what we have today.
Thank you sir. If a reasonable healthcare law isn't passed, one that hurts the lower and middle class, I will NEVER vote republican again!
TY for saying no. But what happened to Repeal NO Replace.? We want Free Market HC..easy smeasy
Thank you Senator for choosing the well being of all Americans including those most in need over giving select few an unnecessary tax cut
Help! I'm suffering the brunt of having healthcare for the first time in my adulthood. Please take that away for the sake of your ideology.
What SIDE DEALS Are making your Decisions4U?Kids W CANCER
Will suffer needlessly w CAPS BACK ON! UR GREEDY LIAR!
Thank you for saying No.. you are wonderful. President Trump even thinks this a Mean bill.
Middle class needs help All if you should watch VP Pence YouTube video from yesterday That's where millions are YALL HAVE TI DO THIS
Thank you Sen Lee for your leadership and standing for conservative principles and the middle class! Stand firm!
I would like 2 see you eliminate tax cuts for wealth. 84121. @fox13
Wait...
Are you for a federal healthcare solution now?
I thought you were all about giving the states the chance to compete in that arena.
Where is your statement on this change of mission?
How can we trust your words when you abandon them without explanation?
Stay strong Senator! #FullRepeal! Stand #UnitedForFreedom! Don't let them coerce you. We've got your back!
what is your alternative to ensure everyone is covered?
Go to work and pay for it! Too many abuse the system. We already cover disabled, elderly, Vets, and children in need. Improve that!
Thank you for remembering and caring about all Americans! 
So you don't oppose tax cuts for the wealthy and bailouts for insurance companies or throwing millions of Americans off healthcare?
Proud of your stand, Patriot!
Please stop this garbage. Why would the Republicans want to be as bad as the Democrats? #fullrepeal
Sentator Lee, you are one of the few who give me hope. You stick to yr principles & the Constitution. We're lucky to have you in the Senate.
Mike, repeal first, then talk about replacement.
Your book is poor history, & your stated goals are unchristian.
Its arguments are non-representative of the documents/history available because you only ignored any facts that you disagreed with.
The people were promised a #FullRepeal in exchange for votes. Anything less is unacceptable.
If you think government shouldn't be involved on healthcare & are basing it on the thesis of your book you're misguided.
This is the the president you & the Republicans elected. It's clear you don't want to help anyone who has less power than you.
As usual your premise is a lie. The ACA taxed rich people, & it helped millions get insurance. The Republican plans are a tax cut for rich.
Full repeal.  You can do it.
Wish we had a senator as conservative as you, keep  up the great work you do
1/2 Why do insurance companies need subsidies? They raked in billions last year and paid CEOs millions. Scrap health care bills completely
2/2 and just write bills requiring insurance companies cover things like pre-existing conditions.
Yes!  Full repeal please!  We don't want Obamacare lite!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Mike, but I know you, Ted, & Paul had to do a lot of compromising on your part. PLEASE don't give up on #FullRepeal.
This is the one big promise of the last 7 years & to have @GOP turn back on it results in more distrust than we already have. #HCDisaster

Full REPEAL!!!! Gosh how many more times do we the people have to say it??!!!
PASS a healthcare bill before you go home. Voters expect you to negotiate and pass healthcare.  I vote!!
Thank you. Stand strong.
Thanks Senator.  Keep working hard.
A great way to take care of working people would be to drop the part about big tax cuts for the wealthy.
keep your chin up little mikey lee. you'll eventually be able to take away healthcare from millions of Americans.
Cover those w/pre-existing conditions, but please don't call that "insurance".
Seems extricating big govt from our lives is a pipe dream now
sorry you didn't get to take healthcare away from 22 million Americans in order to give a tax break to 400 households. better luck next time
You do not want this to just wither away and die, I think the dems plan along, was to go to a single payer system.  NOT GOOD FOR US.
If you look at the data. America would benefit in every measurable metric of health if America went to universal healthcare.

Thanks, Senator. I'm curious to learn what specific proposals you would include/replace to provide relief to the middle class.
Liar and cheat. Reps are liars
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#FullRepealACA
Called your office today. No one answered, not able to leave message, voicemail full. Oppose this bill for so many reasons. Unamerican!
Sen. Lee, fight as long as u can but in the end u have to vote to move this to conference, otherwise u sacrificed progress for idealism.
All we hear about is health insurance and coverage. We should be focused on how to drastically bend the cost curve of care down.
other nations have lower healthcare cost as a result of central negotiation for their universal healthcare. high cost are a symptom of
little government intervention.
VA is gov't run and a nightmare. Medicaid is a disaster and can't pay doctors so care rationed. Medicare will bankrupt us. need less govt
The VA out performs private hospitals on all kinds of patient care standard and outcomes. On average a patient is better off at the VA.
You must be high to say that. VA outperforms private hospitals? That is crazy talk.  Many vets pay to go to private hospitals
You are referring to the long waiting list in some areas w/ more vets. This is a budget issue GOP have blocked vet spending bills since 2010
when 3rd parties track healthcare indicators and compare VA to private hospitals. on average VA is clearly on top and have better care.
Great job Mike, stand fast. We want something that looks like repeal, not just an expansion into an already failing system.
coverage for pre-existing conditions should be a non-negotiable must have inclusion...but that drives up costs.
Don't worry with thus plan the insurance companies can not reject for pre existing conditions, but they can charge up to 5 times more.
Government out of health care now.
Please don't take health care away from millions of Americans.
Hey people. What these clowns aren't telling you is they can't repeal the ACA. They would get voted out of house and senate. It's all a sham
Thank you. . .lets get this one right. I hope common sense kicks in sometime soon . Middle class being eaten alive by Gov foolishness.
thank you
You blew it. Stop the BS.  How many yrs did you guys have? At this point leave it alone. I'm middle class and Im just fine with my insurance
Gop must do what it promised and fully repeal Ocare. If you don't you will save the dem party because we are fed up with b stabbed in back
There will be no good option until the globalist anti-Trump criminals @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr  are removed..get to work!
Lee is beginning to get into my nerves.
It is not a healthcare bill. It is a tax cut bill for the wealthy period. The healthcare portion is decimated to pay for it.
Awe, what is it? Repeal & super size health savings, after all of you got $ off us thru BOCARE? Hah
This healthcare bill written by a Republican? Looks like a Democrat wrote this one just like the one dusted off in Obamacare.
WHY re-write the bill? Just #FullRepeal as promised! #FreeMarket NO subsidies! NO entitlements! I can afford 2 pay 4 others healthcare.
so fuck the poor?
