BECAUSE OF PEOPLE LIKE U!!! Spreading hate and division -- that's not leadership!  #GOPPARTYB4COUNTRY
Our politicians have taught us not to trust. You screw us and lie to us at every turn.
An example would be the Republican healthcare bill the rich get a tax cut the rest get terrible health care
U jackass it's people like U should B strung up you're a coward & a gutless punk & the rest of you scumbag Republicans Trump 1 dumbass not U
tell us all how giving HUGE tax cuts to the richest & denying climate change will help the next gen in 50 yrs. Dirty air & water
Sen. Mike Lee is ONE of the best LAW MAKERS people have ever sent from UTAH to Washington DC. A real standout for small time America!!
MED SCHOOLS DON'T TEACH POLITICS, GOVERNANCE, PUBLIC SERVICE. THEY TEACH MEDICINE IS A BSNS 4 PROFIT INSTEAD OF HEALING NO MATTER WHAT!.
MAYBE IT WOULD BE PERTINENT FOR POLITICIANS TO STUDY SOME SOCIOLOGY & PSYCHOLOGY VS BUSINESS TO BETTER DEAL WITH TRUST, PARTICIPATION
anything to protect the mess in the WH & couldn't care less 4 Americans. Cowards! Every 1 of u. Shame on you!
deleted millions of emails & not 1   ( R) said squat!  No hearings, NOTHING. U (Rs) R all hypocrites & liars! U sir will say
The Gop wasted millions of dollars  having hearings abt a private server & Benghazi ONLY 2 smear HC. What abt Yemen? Bush admin
None of the Gop is willing to put country b4 party! Does Putin have to be sitting behind the Resolute desk b4 u stand up 2 him?
So why are Senate Republicans crafting healthcare legislation in the absence of clear invitations to Democratic colleagues to participate?
Is it because our senators are constantly trying to screw us over?
And you are one reason we trust less. You & your Nazi cronies have seen to that w/your lies, bigotry, racism, & misogyny! Wait until 2018!
BSNS SCHOOL IS NOT A VALID PREPARATION FOR POLITICS/GOVERNANCE/PUBLIC SERVICE; BSNS SCHOOL IS THE ANTITHESIS TO GOOD GOVERNANCE.
don't u dare talk abt restoring the constitution when 4 decades & since 1/20/17 it has been under assault by Trump!
Look out your window June 3: You'll see us participating again thanks to the fact we can't trust the GOP to address the Trump debacle.
Robert Putman referred to it as "Bowling Alone" ................................
Yay for reading!
The government has tried to think for us, take care of us, and decide what's best for us. The oath is to uphold the constitution.
You mean Republicans he try to give us terrible healthcare they have no regard for human life
Obama's admin was a key driver behind the deterioration of our culture
How did your day-to-day life get worse under Obama?
Yes mike lee, looking at the world around us in utter chaos, lets study social fabric of our lives.
Usless Senator
Let's address it. Stop electing evil Republicans who are the enemies of the American people, serving only wealthy donors.
POLS NEED TO QUIT PREACHING RUNNING GOV'T LIKE A BSNS SINCE GOV'T ISN'T A BSNS.  GOV'T DOESN'T PRODUCE GOODS & SERVICES TO SELL FOR PROFIT!
We don't trust most republicans as the have put party b4 country. If Obama did 1/3 You'd be yelling impeachment
With a government like yours, we, the people, will cooperate less and less. 
Isn't obvious?
Actually Senator I believe Trump has brought millions together around the idea that we have an existential threat we must fight- him.
Why not let us decide what we want and not government telling us how and when to participate
Reason & critical thinking are NOT encouraged in current curriculums - We seek "cogs" not free thinkers. Our progeny shall suffer the conseq
How about, repealing Obamacare, reducing taxes and quit spending for a start. We could afford to participate you damn moron.
What if citizens could trust their elected leaders? What if we could believe anything they say? Maybe they should lead by example!!!
Problem is in our homes. Govt sticking its nose in has only made it worse. Stick to your Constitutionally mandated job please.
We definitely don't trust you!
By resigning? You are an incredibly divisive person
What if you started voting in a way that helps regular people and the disenfranchised instead of the rich.
An acquaintance (techie) of mine believes it is all according to plan. Sew division. Sew fear. The communist playbook is working perfectly.
They are self obsorb, attached to their phones
Electronic Devises have broken down human interaction with family and friends. Intervention required
Please explain to me again how Mr Trump is going to fix all of this, let alone win the election? Treason and Collusion you say?
try not taking away our healthcare and totally screwing over the elderly. Then we'll talk trust!
What did u do 4 healthcare b4 Govmt over reached into our lives. Free Market works had great drs & health plan I liked.
I am happy. I am hopeful. But I don’t look to government for what  happiness. I look to one person, Jesus Christ.
People need to look to the author of creation for a true sense of hope and peace. If we look to God and depend on Him, we'd be happier.
Perhaps if you heard more about the good that’s happening amongst all the negative you’d see there are people with hope.
I have friends that meet every other Friday. There’s more community than you realize. Social media has created a false sense of it.
Perhaps next year when the country settles down and people aren’t so angry (waste of time) Congress could talk to their communities
And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without his notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid? Benjamin Franklin
I have lived, Sir a long time, and the longer I live, the more convincing proofs I see of this truth- that God Governs in the affairs of men
Amén!
The church has changed its message. They're entertaining the senses and they refuse to talk about the decline of culture/ social issues.
The church has become complacent and the mega churches with the hip pastors and skinny jeans have watered down the gospel.
These 63 million people  would have contributed to society. We've accepted man's opinion on marriage and that's chipped away at the family.
Since Roe v Wade we've killed off generations of American families. 63 million people who would have paid into the system.
I appreciate what you are saying and trying to do. You're an honorable man. I believe the core is falling apart at the foundation.
Circa Report today proves Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. What are you doing about this!
Need to go all the way back to school when indoctrination of youth starts.An entire generation is unable to think. Only chant at riots.
Yes , does Lock Her Up ring a bell!
You need to stay the hell out of our lives! Everything the government touches turns to crap! #MAGA Limit government now @realDonaldTrump!
How about we ban social engineering by "well meaning" govt and return to  personal responsibility & liberty as intended by Constitution?
We trust you less, trust government less! That's for sure! Time to start producing, limit the size of gov to what Constitution tells you2 do
Y'all got some chutzpah
The lure of personal technology that is entertainment focused
Why would I want to participate with progressive butt wipes!
I wonder why? The govt pits one person against the other. The govt aims to intentionally harm it's citizens. The govt is terrifying.
Cuz of people like you. You pander to the hateful side of america. Most in your party do. You are too blinded by hate to see out of the mess
First step, get government out of dictating who people can freely associate with and quit demonizing people for those choices.
Thank you Sir.
I'm Norma Civilian lifestyle  I know a lot  What Happens to We The people
They should have more potlucks
You have to know about We The people Civilians  lifestyle and Suffering all of about Health problems Jobs problem education problem all
Sen. Mike Lee, Thank you sir for all of your support for President Trump. Sadly there are too many GOP and Dems that can not see that light
It's probably because you hide behind "freedom" when passing hurtful legislation. Mike, you're part of the problem.
POINT OUT & REPORT the Payroll tax Limit is a $200 Billion Shortfall on GOV PAY EVERY YEAR,thats $2T not collected in 10Ys Mike its #THEFT
Politicians cannot dictate morals & values 2 their citizenry! Values start @ hm! Schools can help in furtherance!
They could get colds and lose their healthcare because You, Hatch, Chaeffetz, Trump, GOP do not want people to succeed, live, or be happy!!
It's called "Bowling Alone", an interesting book.
It would be NICE if politicians kept their noses OUT of such things. For a start. Just saying.
iPhone 
I spent a good bit of time concerned over penalties because of pets I had. Part of the family structure. Something to think about.
All good and interesting points. Alas, your party (the @GOP ) will never go for these ideas. Look at Jeff Sessions as an example.
I would say we participate more. It is politicians who ignore that input.
Well said
Thanks Senator! The more government does, the less we do ourselves and through our communities.
The gutless GOP cutting insurance coverage from those who really needed. You n your party R PATHETIC
I believe that the line "give us your tired, hungry and poor" was a societal call-to-action involving everything you just mentioned.
