Other than weed and asset forfeiture which is a big one, I agree.
Guess the racism's cool tho
At least try to come with facts next time. All that was was a stupid narrative Dems/left stirred up to try to keep him from being AG.
Sure, guess Coretta Scott King made it up. Google it.
Yeah, one persons opinion makes him a racist. Try harder. Now scram with this bullshit!
one person? so why did he get denied a judgeship in 1986? he said he liked the KKK until he learned they smoked pot. Truth hurts, Joe.
Oh, stop! If the left/Dems had any brains (which they don't) they would've gone after him fro asset forfeiture instead of the racism lie!
the left had enough brains to know Trump was a nightmare from the get-go
He LIED 3 times to Senate. Banned from judgeship in 80s for being too racist. How dare you pretend he's a man of integrity.
He foolishly recused himself, Mike. As a taxpayer, I'm enraged. Done w the circus B'S. 2018 HERE WE COME, BABAY.
but you have no problem with his racism or benefiting from private prisons or declaring war on weed or lying to Congress...
If going back to the 40's is what you think is good you will be one of many unseated in the midterms
in·teg·ri·ty
noun
1.the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles; moral uprightness.
Something Sessions is not. #utpol
Mike Lee has come out criticizing Trump and Sessions. He's the most honest and conservative person on the senate. He has this Utahan's vote.
He may make mistakes but he's not part of the swamp& Never Trumpers. There are too many who oppose us. We don't need to tear apart our team
His "integrity" is stuck in the 50's as are his views of civil rights.  He never should have been appointed Reecusal is what he did right.
Really? Expand asset forfeitures? Not good!
I don't know Lee's position on that issue. As you probably know, I'm against civil asset forfeitures.
Lee made a big public statement against civil asset forfeitures when Sessions came out in favor of enforcing it last week.
And Lee expressed his opposition to it in the video. A video that's less than a minute long... #EducateYourself
That's no surprise. I'm glad to hear it.
When are we going to see arrests of Hillary and Obama???
Amen Mike!
You a part of the show, Mike?.
You bought?
knowing that @realDonaldTrump is part of DC Fishbowl now &his libertarian votes started hurling rocks - Trump shuffles cards > Reverse  play
Prosecute the Clintons.
A little obsessed are we?
You realize the election is over and the only person under FBI investigation is the trump team.
If by 'integrity' you mean Sessions *honestly* believes white people are a superior race. Oh, and he lied – under oath – to Congress. So no.
Yes, thank you.
You can say a lot of things about Sessions like being bullied..etc. but a man of integrity shows how misguided you are.. please shut up!







You senators are all two faced do nothing hypocrites who promise to repeal obamacare among other things then fail miserably. LOSER.
Sessions should be fired for "asset forfeiture" and drug-warmongering-- both of which are constitutional violations.
 #NoBenczkowski or other political appointees to key positions. Don't aid in criminalizing gov't & deconstructing US democratic processes.
That isn't true and we don't want him or his policy's here
No one has asked him why he isnt going after Hillary and her 33,000 illegal e-mails
Because trump said he wouldn't/couldn't?
Well one of those times has to be when he bowed to the Democrats when the howled for a recusal and special prosecutor for ill intent.
In many ways, yes, yet he continues to hold the door for $$$$ wasted on embarrassing witch hunters. $$$$. How much is enuf for #TheBought ?
Utter rubbish - that man is a critter little devil
Investigate the clinton foundation and DWS wasserman-schultz now!
For what Craig? Talk about a nothing burger
Could POTUS move Sessions to DHS, then nominate new AG who could stop Mueller investigation?  Your thoughts?  TY for your integrity!
If you as a senator does not have more common sense to see the real people from fake, you should not be in politics
Lying under oath takes some real integrity apparently...
He and POTUS 45 are making America MEAN again. Reasonable people must step up to stop their agenda!
He's not loyal though -
Bullshit!  He's allowing the persecution of the Bundy's to continue.
Can't believe I am arguing FOR Sessions but the manner in which this is being conducted is wrong. Follow procedure
Jeff Sessions is a rock star. Get the criminals off the street. Secure our boarders. #BuildThatWall
They like asset forfeiture too much.
Guess that property rights aren't as fundamental to you?
You can not be trusted with information
You are irresponsible with information
Your security clearance should be reviewed
@realDonaldTrump
You are CARELESS, RECKLESS, and IRRESPONSIBLE enough to let people read your texts on an airliner?!  Embarrassing!

http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/25/republicans-obamacare-repeal-vote-mccain-240956 …
Rosenstein chose Mueller as special counsel. Is that who Trump wants to be A.G.?
What's it like being addicted to Kool-Aid?
TOO TIMID...... been in the pompous do nothing Senate for too long.....#21TRILLION DEBT.......on Sessions watch as Senator
Yessir.....he's gearing the #DOJ up to be the best oppressors they can be!

Yes. But Trump is asking for toughness and not self righteousness as exemplified by his recusal. Democrats are dirty. Fight fire with fire
Integtity? Maybe when compared to @realDonaldTrump, but I ask you to look at Sessions history some time...Wow people elect morons
But he does not respect the constitution. Especially the 10th Amendment. He also likes eminent domain. Serious issues for an AG.
Comey exceeded position FBI assumed AttyGeneral duty #Prosecution let Clinton slide #Justice claims no #Intent #DefiesEvidence evade #FOIA
And yet Trump and his entire life is under investigation,and HRC and Lynch are not! Not how your own DOJ is supposed to work.Something wrong
Mike why are Republicans so bad at messaging? Every increase in obamacare is a decrease in spending where you work. Less $ available
Why don't you come out and say it?:  The president is an awful person.
...and nomone has said differently. He made a mistake by recusing himself. He needs to unrecuse immediately.
Way to play to both sides.
He is pro civil asset forfeiture which is enough to keep him from any gov office.  Obey the #Constitution and the oath to it.
Integrity?! FOH

@SenMikeLee , I respect you thoroughly, but the AG's priorities are off base. The criminality in the government must be addressed first!
No doubt Sessions is a good guy, but we have a corrupt Swamp to Drain and an agenda the President needs to accomplish.
And yet, like all losers, YOU back the charlatan in the WH as if he were the answer to it all. GOP...worshipping at the Trump Tower of LIES.
Room for Sessions elsewhere in DOJ, WE NEED a new AG.. Ted Cruz or Trey Gowdy
Do you know any patriotic Republicans? 
If so please name them
He's making the DOJ more mobster. Cops have become just another gang citizens have 2 worry about.
Integrity involves Civil Asset Forfeiture? Where are those term limits, you've been in DC too long.
Not!
Nope, he's just another old school racist. Loosening the civil forfeiture laws are just a money grab, victimizing citizens.
Is this a joke?
I love Jeff Sessions we need to convimce DTrump to keep him he is a very honest man and the left would win then PLEASE
I don't think affirming the taking of property without due process as being the right direction, Sir.
The problem is deputy AG he needs to go very bad judgment  and should have known about Muller interviewing for FBI director the day before.
Let's protect states rights please
More obstruction if Trump forces Sessions out or fires. AG is doing his job as was Comey, Yates.

I agree. Now can we get Rudy?
Y'all better start fighting like Dems. They would have never recused themselves and let this Democrat witch hunt continue
A man of integrity, living in the 1920's.
SESSIONS NEEDS TO INVESTIGATE THIS..
https://twitter.com/Kimjord40496251/status/889992336440266752 …
You and your colleagues need to issue statement to @realDonaldTrump that Senate will not confirm a replacement if Sessions is fired.
Too much integrity, doesn't want to get his hands dirty combating political corruption.  Still talking 1950's
Do you think he should resign? Or be fired by POTUS? Curious in Indiana. Andy's Dad
But he's proving to be his own man instead of a Trump toady-Trump only wants "yes men" around him-will be his downfall-his massive ego
Fine. I am a utah person, glad you like Sessions.
TIME to get behind our president . Consider the money being squeezed from ud. Get on it.
Be honest about what you're upset by; Trump's autocratic rule and disrespect for separation of powers.
Except for civil forfeiture.  Which congress should step in on.  It's loophole that allows the govt to act extra Constitutionally. End it.
Sessions should order Special Prosecutor to look at Clinton Foundation FIRST!!!
But nothing has been done regarding all of the Clinton shenanigans. Why has he addressed this ? Why isn't not being looked at??
Trump, get off Sessions. You've got bigger problems and fish to fry. Get focused!#stayontarget
The question is not of his integrity but of his resolve.
Goes to show that if you're always kissing ass eventually you'll be shit on
So with Peter principle integrity?
so you stand behind his recent re-ignition of the failed war on drugs, 3 strikes & eminent domain?  I thought you loved individual liberty!
Integrity?  I'm on his side against trump but please, integrity!
Why do you allow this witch hunt to continue at taxpayer money. How much is this costing the American taxpayer? Enough already.
Yeah we need money to investigate if elections are rigged...even when we know they aren't..
yes by the AG has said tougher laws on pot, but maintaining double standard laws for government and citizens
Where r the investigations on money laundering etc on Obama admin.We've gotta bring those items to the forefront. Do your job Sessions!
The DEMS HAVE BEEN INVESTIGATED FOR YEARS.HILLary EVEN why running for pres .U HAVE A LOT OF BALLS
Sessions has led DOJ in no direction, what does he do all day in his office ?
Just pussied out on bringing real charges to the corrupt clintons
Yes I agree 
GREAT! But Y NOT EQUAL JUSTICE 4ALL? Y Clinton corruption NOT investigated? What does #demssoroscartel has on ALL of U? @tedcruz @LouDobbs
I'm voting democratic from here on out. To continue to support this president and YOUR HC plan is despicable!  2018 & 2020 for CHANGE!!
As a rebulican myself, I am in total dismay at this president and how you republican congress people continue to support this man!  
NOT!!!  Sessions is a sneaky snake and I feel he WRONGLY helped "little t" trump FIRE COMEY!  What a bunch if LOSERS the Republican Party is
He lied under oath and wants to legalize theft by law enforcement! Some integrity!
he folded like a cheap suit.  you guys are so scared of dems you do exactly what they tell you to do. why bother having a gop
Playing fast and loose with the word *positive*
I can't stand Sessions but wish the senate rep's would say no vote until the prez stops his threats. No one deserves this bullying. #standup
Got to see you out there tweeting for a change.
True but after Holder & Lynch anyone would lead in a more positive direction.
Mr Lee,we have laws for 2 class of people. AG needs to reopen Hillary case, IRS, Behgazi etc., to show no one is above the law. Where is it?
Don threw it out because it didn't exist..remember when he was like oh I don't want to do anything "mean", meaning he really had nada
Indeed He is a great man,however it is very understanding of the frustrations we see.He needs to get onboard.There is a job to do.Do it.
Is chasing ones own tail a direction now?
Not looking into HRC, CF, Loretta Lynch unmasking.....thought he was a warrior, not a wimp.
Agreed
What has Sessions got right besides immigration?
Why does every coward preface their statement with a rebuke? Just say he's a man of integrity otherwise you run the risk of not being one.
From your vote today it will do everything to make sure you and Hatch never see another term. You committed political suicide today!
Going after citizen's property without legal due process is NOT integrity. It's against the constitution!
Stop it. Congress cares more about Jeff sessions then the American people and the agenda they voted for. Stop it.
Blah blah blah!
I believe that you are one of the good ones, alas the swamp needs drained and you're in it. Incumbent is a bad word.
No racist can b referred to as a person of integrity! You are surely not of integrity blasting REPEAL but then voting AYE u lying wimp!
Sessions is a RACIST!
His leader ship has not addressed the Corruption of the Democrats.
So you want to bring back slavery too? You republicuck snowflakes are funny. Not funny Ha Ha. More funny peculiar. GOP are terrorist enemies
Yeah violating the 4th Amendment is fantastic. Very positive @SenMikeLee. Asset Seizures are not a minor "difference of opinion".
yeah  jump on   Sessions.... u do and i hope the trump goes after u next... unf'n real... great man like Jeff Sessions 1st to support trump
Integrity --yes. Effectiveness--don't c any results yet.
Mr Lee why do you republicans let the dems do this to our president?? You guys always blame the other guy
He is a liar and anti-Christian demon. #LockHimUp
'We're all friends here..'

People often use Christianity as a justification for themselves,
for actions against others, in word & deed.
Um nope. Sessions is a snake. But he shouldn't be fired. Both things can be true.
No he hasn't. Very disappointed in this tweet. Sessions is ramping up civil forfeiture! He's super ignorant on MMJ. Get rid of #Sessions!
Shame on Senator Lee for voting to proceed with this mess of a healthcare bill. Your constituents will remember this!
Stand by your convictions.
That's right and it is cheap and tacky to publicly chastise him. He is s true gentleman, full of honor! @Scaramucci @POTUS
EQUAL JUSTICE 4ALL! We DEMAND AG Session 4investigate HC scandals NOW! Enough w politician as HC 2B FREE 2devour taxpayers $$! @VP @LouDobbs
WE LUV #AG_Sessions Integrity BUT 2PERMIT CRIMNALS #OPEN_LAWLESSNESS 2RIP APART #VotersLEGAL_Elect_VICTORY is CONSENT 2 USURP USA! @LouDobbs
I agree Mr. Sessions is an ethical person, BUT Clinton should be in the hot seat for her connection to Russia.  Double Standard
while all of this is true he still hasnt opened an investigation into the hillary foundation or the miss handled emails or benghozi
CTrue but civil forfeiture is a nonstarter in a free society.
He committed perjury.  #BackwardsNotPositive  #LongLive1864
Jeff is fine but he can't help Trump because Rosenstein let Mueller run a separate counsel to investigate Trump without a crime.
Tough on gangs and illegal aliens BUT nothing on #HillaryUkraineCollusion #HillaryEmailServer #PayForPlay or  #DNC and #AwanBrothers
No he hasn't ...
Poor joe can not tell  truth. 
Issues are he is not following up on Hillary Crimes.  You know, the ones you helped cover up. 
Comey Immunity
With the shape it was in, there was no other direction to go.
We need a Yes vote on ACA replacement.
A positive direction is not what it looks like from the outside. Leaks, investigations to nowhere, IA corruption...what a mess.
Sen. Lee: I've seen no evidence of action from AG Sessions.  He's silent on the Hillary Clinton crimes, and not supportive of the president.
Trump’s attack on AG is a warning to impeachment hungry Dems, not Sessions
Nothing more positive than taking assets of those SUSPECTED but not proven to have committed a crime or re-upping failed war on drugs.
I think a man of integrity would not lie under oath. #perjury
IF America has #ONE_JUSTICE_4ALL #HillaryClinton WOULD B in JAIL as ANY American w her CRIMES will & in NO WAY PROTECTED by @TheJusticeDept
Why is his integrity preventing him from doing his job?
This is business.
What like seeking the highest penalties to lock up more minorities or robbing American citizens through civil forfeiture? What's positive?
Why? Are you part of the sewer?
Republicans WON, because of one very important promise.  Repeal the #Obamacare DISASTER ... like you PROMISED THE VOTERS!
Ok Now Say That With A Straight Face...
Men of integrity do not lie and mislead during confirmation hearing & filling out security forms.
Conviction? Except for that time he blatantly lied to the US Senate?
Why aren't we hearing about Clinton investigation?
@seanhannity @TeamCavuto The DOJ is still bloated with thousands of socialist leaning lawyer/admin appointees who hate all things Trump.
@TheJusticeDept @realDonaldTrump @JudicialWatch 
So AG Sessions must "un-recuse" himself & go after Hillary Clinton.
No you are incorrect where is the investigation into the Clinton foundation, the emails, collaboration with the Ukrainian government.
Seems like a positive direction backwards 4 or 5 decades.
Deflection statement for not voting for Repeal of Obamacare.  As a Utah citizen, it is time we Repeal and Replace Mike Lee.
Healthcare: vote NO. Use your vote to do the right thing for all of us.
Jeff Sessions has no integrity that how he got to be AG. He remember that he can go to jail if he doesn't follow the rule of law!
Ya but on the low side he needed to start from the top and go down there the cause of all the other
The AG needs to fire Muller and the fool who hired him. He needs to investigate the entire past Administration & the #ClintonCrimeFamily
And investigate ALL conspiracy theories since the beginning of time.  Is God real?  Where is Nessy?  Let's do this right & expensive.
If AG Sessions is so good why hasn't he gone after ,Clinton,Holder,Lynch and Obama and the DNC
For what?
Mike Lee is D with an R after his name! 
He is a traitor to america!
Mike, I was & am a Sessions fan but he has NOT tackled the big issues & has done a terrible job with the Travel Ban. Time for a change #MAGA
Senator Lee maybe he is a man of integrity but he needs to lead against visible injustices we've seen out there
I agree.  He has been an outstanding Attorney General.  Just look at all his accomplishments.
I heard the same thing about Comey when he was investigating Hillarys emails
This coming from the Sen who wont repeal and replace Obamacare.  Excuse us for not trusting all that you say
@realDonaldTrump and @jeffsessions are pretending to fight so he can step down during recess
Just make sure you vote yes on the upcoming bills to repeal.
He's an ass wipe racist appointed by a gangster.  Fuck Jeff Sessions.
