GOP had 7 years to come up with a doable plan; blew it on the first pass. People don't trust GOP to do ANYTHING better than Dems
, at the same time,I am hopeful full thought will be put into whatever it is and done correctly.#obamacare passing was shameful
Whatever healthcare plan is proposed, it better provide healthcare rather than just high HC insurance premiums & insanely high deductibles!
Guess our Pres had to pull out early! U able to screw those 24 million people! Such a shame!
Too bad we have the internet to fact-check #GOP lies.
How about letting people have the heath care they had before
How about Medicare for All? Good plan! I love my Medicare. All Americans have a right to Medicare.
@HouseGOP @potus @PRyan Sen Lee & GOP Nays...lets see your healthcare plan...
G Will is right about that.
May G-d! BLESS!/ THAT'S WHY! / IT FAILED/ IT WASN'T REPEAL & REPLACE! / PROMISE!  FOR OVER/  1 YEAR! OMG
rattle the saber on schumer he needs to work for all Americans not the party
watched interview on NBC. Wonder how you get dressed in morning. You need to meet w some employers get out of ideological bubble
Of course it will! I'm not sure why the FreeCauc circular group thinks American can't do what other countries do better.
Freedom Caucas aka " Let them Die Caucas"
@realDonaldTrump Venezuela needs your help as soon as possible. Humanitarian Emergency, No Food. PLEASE
Your ideology of no govt involvement in health care hurts Utahns. Blind ideology is the enemy of real people.   Negotiate!
Can't wait for your next election, too bad it's so far off.  But I will be ready to get you out.
President Trump has the voice of the silent majority work with him or your gone.
The days of the same old same old are over you will be held accountable on election day.
GOP should compromise & work together with the president & help him fulfill his promises to the American people! Be loyal!
leave Obamacare alone. Improve it. It's right and decent for the country
I can't believe all the Rs who ran and won on repeal of ACA and now so afraid to do it.
You're gonna be a no in '18 also!
oh geez. Well it's all out in the open now.
ACA has a 60% approval rating.  Better than WH and Congress
Mike Russian supported Taliban are killing US troops what are you doing about it?
Thank you for standing against this bill.
You embarrassed the party, you spit in the face of voters, and we will remember with our vote - AGAIN.
Just bummed out. Frustrated with all my Republican representatives. Only new bill will have to include Democrats now.
So Freedom caucus wins Americans lose. REPUBLICANS will lose both house & senate in 2018. Thanks for destroying your Party
George will despises President Trump why in the world would you quote him he didn't support him and neither are you grow a pair compromise
if true-then against. But, if mandates and Fund of Plan Parenthd are out, and the Senate continues work-then ?
We don't care. Suck it up and vote YES!!
You want a hint on why healthcare cost (not insurance) is outrageous, this is Parkland "Medicaid" Hospital, $2 billion expansion
Let the people go back to what they use to have before fraud care came in
stupid statement considering your only in phase 1. Republicans were given a golden egg and still u f it up.
@funEbone2u #@SpeakerRyan bill is bad deal for Americans #NoRINOcare
Looks like it. I thought we voted to get rid of anything remotely related to Obama.
Just repeal only!!!
vote for the bill koch bros r evil
say hell no to Trump-care.
Don't give up! Full repeal or no deal!!!!
Not if you completely repeal it and start over.
Anyone who understands Pool Size governing risk and costs knows AHCA is insane.  Fix ACA
Lee is a senator that seems to hate America. He believes we can't do as well as all other developed countries w/ health care.
Please hold fast and vote AGAINST Ryan care...   More and worse bureauocracy !!!

NO! Babysteps away from ObamaCare is bettter than what I have. Which is ONE provider in my State. $440 mo to $987 mo. PLEASE
@CruzControl2016 It is not Obama Care and starts the process to unwind it Conservs cant ignore this opportunity & leave us as is
Only #FullRepeal will work.  Repeal it completely then take time & pass new correct bill.
George Will has obviously become an old senile fool. Support the healthcare bill Mike... or we will come after you. #MAGA
JUST SAW YOU ON T.V. STAY THE COURSE I AGREE WITH YOU! FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT!
George Will.Really?the man is a dweeb
George Will???. Are you FREAKING NUTZ!!
LETS REPEAL Your HEALTH CARE AND REPLACE U WITH AN AMERICAN WHO LOVES OUR COUNTRY SAVE USA FROM THE GOP SAVE UR FAMILIES
How can GOP leadership be soooo STOUPID?!!!!!
Senator please DO NOT vote for anything Paul Ryan puts forth. His is a traitor to the people.
PLEASE GET RAND PAUL's healthcare plan.  Paul Ryan make people a little leery of the health plan they are working on.
Did our most conservative senator go to work for the democrats?! Don't be a fool mike! #aca is the first step to GOP domination!
Mike, please vote for the Bill , it's not perfect, but allowing the Dems power is worse . You must unite.
please fix it!
#Trumpcare will kill healthcare in Utah!
@abc4utah @KUTV2News @KSL5TV @sltrib
so, why are the Democrats so against the replacement?
F%#k George Will. He is telling the truth though.
We are praying that Speaker Ryan and President Trump will cooperate w Freedom Caucus on new healthcare Bill
in the end Trump will"give in" to the freedom caucus.  Which was Trump's Master Negotiator plan in the first place
We need a victory! Support Pres Trump. Pure cnsrv'ism never wins, never can win, nationally. Like Reagan: take the half loaf!!!
please tell your counterparts that 2017 is almost done in 2018 will be here before they know it. Thank you for standing fast.
George Will is the same guy who said Republicans must lose the election to get stronger. He is always a defeatist.
I've listened to @lanheechen @KQED_CalReport discussion yestrdy. There are remnants, but significantly different.
they are twins
Why do Republicans hate poor people?
.  LOL! Yeah, that's why Democrat controlled districts are shitholes!
http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/opinion/zorn/ct-minnesota-mark-dayton-kansas-brownback-liberal-perspe-0506-jm-20150505-column.html …
It is the Insurance lobbiests threatening the swamp to take away their campaign money. Clean out those who take money from them.
can we just leave Obamacare, and "Make the States responsible for funding their indigent and undocumented?"
@POTUS if GOP healthcare won't pass. Can we pass the expenses to the states for their indigent and undocumented
new flash.. you can't just repeal without essential giving up on replacement. It has to be done through reconciliation.
get government completely out, what an obamanation!
The vector of reforming health care laws is entirely wrong...
...BTW, being a sleazy insurance salesman is unbecoming. I know.
IF THAT IS TRUE--WE Rs ARE SUNK AND THE COUNTRY TOO
Why don't you ever suggest an alternative? ACA isn't an option so are you proposing or just intransigent?
HFC has no realistic option. This is all just grandstanding. They know it can't be repealed/ replaced separately.
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Senator--grow up and pass a bill. Quit grandstanding so you win 2018.
repeal it and get the government out of our healthcare completely. I know of nothing the government does well except military.
Demand independent investigation of trump/Russia ties. The trail is there.
Vote against it. Utah voter here.
Repeal it and get rid of this nonsense !  
There is no reason not to try and build a thriving free market health system parallel to Obamacare.  Nothing in ACA will stop it
Not acceptable-Only #FullRepeal is acceptable. That is what we were promised-Thank you for your good work! @SenTedCruz @RandPaul
It's amazing to me that the R congress has had 7 years to come up with a plan to repeal and replace the ACA...and here we are.
