Representatives are elected to represent the people not to bow down to the president. @LiberalsareIcky @SenMikeLee
No he isn't and no I won't. I'm not a Republican. I'm an American. @LiberalsareIcky @SenMikeLee
My vote. My choice. I vote for those to earn it. Not some sleazy grifter. @LiberalsareIcky @SenMikeLee
So what? It's my vote. I don't vote for corrupt people. It's an integrity thing.  @LiberalsareIcky @SenMikeLee
What is criminally wrong with you Mike Lee?
We just fired our TOP COP!
Why do you hate law enforcement so much?
You better get your buddies together and stop Sessions' return to mandatory sentencing. Stop worrying about who gets the credit.
Please get this right!!! #FreeTheHammonds #FreeOurPoliticalPrisoners #WeAreLaVoy #DefundBLM
The only conservative issue in the last five years is “what will upset liberals the most?”

You have no platform other than this.
Liberals have no platform at all - resist! Right...
Social safety net, police reform, medicare/medicaid, environmental concerns, minimum wage, civil rights and so on.

Now you go.
Those are shared planks of both platforms
If dems have one at all it would be abortion free birth control + BLM Hillary lost BC no platform
I’d tweet back more but I’m personally aborting a baby right now. Can you wait a few mins?
It should be everyone's issue. Why don't you introduce legislation similar to HR64 currently in committee in the house?  #supportHR64
We seriously need to stop appeasing the left. We won! This taking the high road has failed over and over! Time to go low when they do!
Where does Obstruction of Justice figure into your reform?
Please introduce and pass a bill similar to HR64 & get older inmates out. I have some suggestions if you are interested #CJReform
Republicans love beatings,tortures and murder. FL AG Bondi said the children tortured and murdered in Bible Belt Republican Florida happened
to death for wetting the bed, his original offense truancy, Conservative Evangelical Christian Guards executed him.
Tough on Crime you say? What did you & other RINOs do about Sale 20% US Uranium and $ Deposits to Clinton Fdn? NotEven an Outcry from u RINO
BECAUSE criminal justice reform IS a conservative issue that I know Jeff Sessions is REALLY doing #VoterSuppression
Great. Start with your own party.
The reason our streets have been so much safer is we locked up violent habitual offenders. I remember when there were 2,000 murders in NYC
to be tough on crime you have to follow the law, the Constitution...

CJR sounds like liberal code phrase for loosening standards & penalties
I completely agree. Please look at HR64 in the house and introduce similar legislation in the senate. Let's get something passed #CJreform
That's rich, considering how the "conservative" Congress is being so "tough" and "smart" regarding to the criminal in the Whitehouse.
Hmmm...no mention of white collar crime.  Back to pursuing the poor.
Please work with the AG to reverse his decision today.  Sending all people to prison as long as possible is not justice or fiscally wise.
Tell that to Jeff Sessions. He didn't get the memo.
You voted for Sessions, man.
Then treat the cold, not the symptoms. Instead of throwing more dealers in jail, help addicts get clean. It's supply and demand Senator.
Your speech is riddled with snarky insults to democrats. As an independent, you and the party you represent have lost my vote.
WHAT ABOUT THE PRESIDENT WHO JUST THREATENED JAMES #COMEY OVER TWITTER? You're a coward & history will acknowledge ur inaction.
How can you say that when you voted him in?
Ok this goes on my evening reading list, Thank you
Senator, allow me to answer what I hope is M Garland's response to your suggestion: Take this job & shove it! GTFOH w/ur BS! #messyWH&FBI
Taking my lunch break you let you know America thinks you suck donkey balls
Here's an issue where it looked like we were making real bipartisan progress until the new AG took a dump on it. Hope both parties act.
Mike Lee is brilliant wants to give Nancy Pelosi the FBI and now this soft on crime crap
It's everyone's issue. Please sponsor legislation in the senate like HR64 (in the House). Let's get people home. #supportHR64 #CJReform
A speech, but no content about what the change will be. And how will it jive with @AGJeffSessons focus on dinosaur policies that don't work?
How about being tough on supporting a special prosecutor to investigate Trump. He's such an embarrassment and you know it.
#ChicagoViolence up for third year 1013 injured by gunfire 186 #Homicides. Police impaired by poor public policy, state law, and  #CJReform
YOU BLEW THAT WHEN YOU RECOMMEND MERRICK GARLAND TO REPLACE COMEY - FORGETTING JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA!
Conceding to TRAITORS is NOT the way!
#EndMandatoryMinimums
Stop legislating morality
So are you going to push for reform, or just be all talk as usual?
Considering that fact ur state has the highest #rape, and the most any of them get is 6 months to a year for destroying a person's life #wtf
So how does appointing Merrick Garland to FBI director equal smart and tough on crime?
To be tough on crime you need to make sure your agencies turn over all facts and interview all witnesses before it goes to prosecutor.
So does this mean you are opposed to Attorney General Sessions' policy changes?
Constitutional Conservatives put the US 1st, 2nd, last, and ARE NOT tools or sellouts to another country, bcs of their "friends," Senator...
Are you going to stand against Sessions and his new policy of telling prosecutors to seek maximum sentences for drug crimes? -A constituent
I couldn’t help but notice that your tweet didn’t include the phrase “Jeff Sessions.” Why not, today?
Mike just get tuff please. Follow @POTUS lead and enforce the laws as written. Let the snowflakes melt. Adults are back in charge #maga
Get a special prosecutor, you partisan hack
how does this square up with the recent order from Sessions for judges to give maximum sentences?
Tough on crime, except cronies in your party.
Then prosecute @realDonaldTrump !
Tougher sentencing is not the answer. Rehabilitation not incarceration is a better option.
Oh God. Until a rehabilitated criminal hurts someone in your family. Typical liberal.
There is more evidence that rehabilitation is more of a deterrent to repeat offenses than incarceration. Plenty of other nations use...
This model and have seen their crime rates drop dramatically, especially among repeat offenders.
If we were to rehabilitate and give those in prisons a chance to integrate back into normal society then repeat offenses would drop.
There are exceptions to this of course (like with extreme violent offenders) but the vast majority of those in our prison system
Are non violent offenders. We could end that endless cycle of criminal offenses with rehabilitation.
Then you should be pursuing your criminal in the WH .
Get tough on the criminal in the white house.  Mike call for an independent special prosecutor!
Locking people up longer is not reform and it's not tough on crime. You are your party are despicable.
Perhaps we should take a step back and reconsider what we've deemed criminal before we determine we have to be tough on crime...
Legalize Marijuana at the federal level at let the states decide.
All evidence to the contrary.
See, e.g., http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/attorney-general-sessions-orders-tougher-drug-crime-prosecutions-n758111 …
The Criminal Clintons get away with anything.
I'm sure Utah won't get rid of your representation,  but to be sure, you will have substantially less (R) company come 2018. So you know.
Hey lets work on getting the dam RUSSIAN SPIES out of OUR WHITE HOUSE. THIS History will not be kind to those who are on the wrong side.
