What would you put in it's place?
no govt free market
But how does that work? It hasn't in the past.
it did work. I had insurance. I haven't since 2013...
You had affordable individual insurance before the ACA? You were fortunate to have enough $ to do so.
after Obamacare kicked in my premiums went up to where it was more than my rent. Deductible doubled from 5 to 10 k
I wish my #Georgia legislators were as principled as you are.
If they were as "principled" as Lee, Hillary's liberal SCOTUS would be up for confirmation! THANK GOD 4 our POTUS!
I see you're one of those who thought God wasn't powerful enough to protect us from Hillary without our voting for a God-mocker.
I am 1 of those that knows God has chosen Trump to bring His grace & mercy on this country! God uses forgiven sinners, even U.
God calls sinners to repentance. If we say we have no sin, we lie, & the truth is not in us. Trump claims not to need forgiveness.
I personally know those close 2 Trump & confirm he is a Christian. Stop w/UR self-righteous loftiness,U will be measured by it.
Try confirming it biblically.
If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved
Couldn't y'all just fix it i stead of repealing and taking away insurance? Jus Sayin.
it took away my insurance. Now I pay over dbl but can't afford to go to the dr. Insurance poor, that's me.
What state do you live in? Believe me...it matters.
nobody cares that we get sick & inured too. We're paying 4 others but costs so much  we get shit for ourselves.
I can't disagree. That's why I wish we had a system like the UK,Canada or Sweden. Healthcare for all.
to do that, citizens in those countries pay extraordinary taxes. You willing to pay more taxes?
If it means Healthcare FOR EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN...ABSOFUCKINGLUTELY!
My daughter is 22. Has a job. And is a type 1 diabetic. She doesn't qualify for medicade anymore
We have traitors in the GOP! All should focus on common goals with president Trump & work together to help the American people!
Healthcare should be compromises with GOP to get the best plan to replace Obamacare! Help Trump fulfill his promises!
@FreedomWorks You got to work with the House & President-compromise. Don't be the reason we're stuck with Obamacare.
You ARE confused. Trump, & the RINOs are why we are stuck with O'care, not cuz #FreedomCaucus
Give it some time. It took 7 years to create this disaster. It'll take time to undo the damage.
Won't be undone when Trump & the RINOs are pushing something even worse
We got Gorsuch which is huge. We put the world on notice in Syria & Xi visit was successful. Good week.
Ryan made changes in the middle of the night to satisfy tea party by removing these things? What's the point if true?
Good for you! Since Paul Ryan tacked on tax subsidies for illegal aliens, & limited benefits to many veterans, his plan needed to be axed!
#UnitedWithFreedomCaucus #FullRepeal 
#ReplaceLyinRyan
Thank you Senator Lee! I think ppl will support a free market solution.
free market didn't work b4. Why will it now? Will nvr work when it is profits over people.
If health ins was portable &could buy across state lines free mkt competition would decrease cost for all
Actually you are working for u and insurance companies. Obama care helps people and can be strengthened. Sad you are in this position.
Explain where you get the votes for a full repeal? Where not buying it, this is a ploy for more seats in 18 & we can't wait
gotta take insurance coverage away from even more citizens. You guys are just cruel.
You're in the Senate, you don't vote on ahouse bill? Also, the ACA is better than anything you & your GOP colleagues can invent.
I bet your people really love you. Wait until midterm elections. We are working 24 hour days all across USA to flip your District to a D.
so you're a no because EVERYTHING means oh like not really.
That's why WE stand with you!
Free market does not work with health insurance. You know that. You just want to make sure no one is helped.
Utah doesn't represent me so don't speak for all of us. I'm drowning in ACA in AL. Senate will re-do it anyway, so get it to them ASAP!
You have been loosing for so ling you dont know what winning is
Weirdo
YAY!!! Keep up the good work! #FullRepeal #UnitedWithFreedomCaucus
facts facts facts
But, are you a YES for @realDonaldTrump's promises to make affordable healthcare available to all US citizens??
Stand firm. Stay strong! The GOP is losing ppl like me in droves AND @SpeakerRyan / Establishment R erasing our hope & optimism
@KSLcom voting no is good but we need to fix the ACA, not get rid of it.
SO MUCH to fix! Is it fixable?
@JoeNBC Do you really think most of Mike Lee's voters care about Obama care repeal????
I don't!!! Doubt if most voters care!!!!
I care.
@MorganMcComb Yoi had 7 years to get it right what happened? #Obamacare #FullRepeal
instead of always complaining and bashing Pres Trump, why don't you actually do something meaningful. Utah needs to get you out
THANK U FOR ALL OF US, AMERICANS!  REPEAL & REPLACE NO CACA! NO GUN CONTROL/ ETC./ NO FREE HC 4 ALIENS!
Maybe if you came up with something good, people would support. $600 Billion tax cuts for the rich is not a good bill. Think!
I still haven't heard who the 8 Senate Democrats are who you've convinced to vote with you to be able to repeal. Names please???
How exactly does stopping the bill, injuring Trump & the GOP and keeping the ACA alive do that? Time to F'ing govern goddammit!
yeah, well now nothing will happen and you can promise empty promises until you turn blue. Learn some strategy
U all sat on your laurels. You are all part of the problem.
Enjoy Obamacare! Oh wait, you don't have to use it, do you? 
Governing requires compromise in a 50/50 nation. See you at the next Utah republican convention supporting your challenger.
PLEASE keep in mind there are A LOT of your voters, LIKE ME, who love the ACA.
Look at the big head on this Swamp Gator>>@SenMikeLee 
You're #NeverTrump and the biggest threat to our country at this moment.
#OnToYou
Thanks for publicly betraying the agenda everyone voted for scumbag.
UT never even implemented ACA. U want 2repeal ACA from who? @SenMikeLee is a #FakeChristian #MTP @MeetThePress @MSNBC
@potus @vp Lee needs 2 just go away.He has been trying 2 hurt Trump 4 months now.We don't like or support you Lee.
God Bless you and guide you in all you do. Hard to read all the hate/ignorant comments. Prayers for all our leaders.
you had your chance, where's your plan
As did @POTUS 
Thank you Senator for keeping your promise
Hope he does too :)

Thank u for educating people on the disastrous effects of Obamacare.  It should be repealed. I wish we had more reps like u.
Tell Rubio keep his hands out of the risk corridor guarantees and ACA will survive but sabotaging it will lose 2018 elections
Thank u 4 ur vote. Get full repeal. OC is nuts. My ded is $10k. My brother, wife, 3 kids were quoted $6kded $33kper year-NUTS
you are not true to the people,no excuses you are otta here and many others with you, start a club  the cuda bins
-
You killed a process because you say didn't trust our system..
F politicians....
U good at complaining....how about a solution? You costing me by voting for Obamacare today. beginning to think u with her
Sen Mike Lee is listening to what the people the real taxpayers of American want. Full repeal of O/care. Gov needs to get out of Medical biz
@Mike_Beacham so instead you do nothing. GOVERN! No break in April. Stay in DC and get some damn work done!
THANK YOU WE LOVE YOU! LOVE FROM TEXAS!
thank you for holding the line, please work with @realDonaldTrump on a conservative repeal/replace bill
Your misplaced free market trust caused you to do right for the wrong reason. Thanks for being confused in just the right way!
Thank You
As one of your constituents, I would like to let you know that I believe in COMPROMISE. You can't compromise, get out!
Eveyone knows Ryans bill will be changed again and again in the Senate.  Vote YES!!!!!!!
Grrr you cannot repeal what was multifaceted in the law; learn to work as a team
We don't get this done today I  WILL FIGHT to RELACE U; Sit on the Supreme Court if u want to be all knowing GOD, but not my REP
Taking away and entitlement once given is impossible learn to compromise
How to vote today there is no free market solution again vote yes
If all held out for what u want we would never get anything through your type replacement will cancel out more votes and who loses America!
You r WRONG! NO ONE NO ONE NO ONE gets everything they want. Compromise or maybe I WILL vote for the transgender or dem next time
Although I no longer live in Utah, thank you for representing me and my values. Stay strong!
bad choice. Get on board, Senator. You know how D.C. works(oxymoron). Act while you can.
.@SenMikeLee #DrainTheSwamp begins w/ #FullRepeal & Replace w/common sense #HealthInsurance regulation, competition + HSA's @freedomcaucus
THANK YOU SIR for keeping you word. Something the @GOP & @SpeakerRyan can't seem to do!! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @VP @POTUS
Thank you!
@jazz1294u I get that, but when were you ever a "yes" on anything that has to do with @POTUS? 
Nothing is perfect! Suck it up buttercup and vote YES!!
pass the bill only chance to kill Obamacare. Not perfect but can be tweaked as it progresses. We need UN-ACA GONE!
@NatShupe Ok. But repeal it even if no replacement. Let markets work and they will. We don't need government coverage mandates.
@NatShupe Well genius if you can figure a way to undo 2200 pages in one phase let us know .
@LeslieMarshall Just not cruel enough, huh?  7 years to come up with a replacement and nothing. Just a tax cut for rich.
Good for you.
thanks for being one of the only honest politicians left in washington.
@Sammie_Snickers Not from Utah but am from America. Thank you for all of US.
Have you checked with them lately, you may not be listening to them now, it's not 7 yrs ago...& ppl are seeing #RepublicansLie
deleting tweets, BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
if y'all don't pass his bill... kiss the congress GOODBYE in 2018.
Agree.
Glad it is a NO, but your NO is for the wrong reason. How about we take away YOUR health insurance!
there are so many Utahns that need ACA. Think of your constituents, not your ridiculous party.
Your party has had 8 years to figure this out. You better have a solution that is affordable and accessible for all Americans.
then you promised the people of #Utah that you would help them die,due to no healthcare.Tell them #Obamacare & #ACA are the same
@housegop @MSNBC STOP YOUR LIES Sen.mike lee did any republicans fight to keep premiums low&the insured with their doctors? #ACA
the people of Utah like parts of Obamacare. Right vote. Wrong reaaon. You know you represent all of us, right?
And why the people of Utah don't give a damn about the life or death of their neighbor is another interesting thought.
Free market solution please get the government out of the health care business and stay out!!!
Stop acting as if you are Trump's opposition.  Looks as if some GOP's love being in the opposition.  Half is better than none.
not to mention, they have to satisfy both sides of R party. Why make this so difficult? Makin R's look disfunctional
they explained how this has to be done cause of byrd rule. We do repeal by itself then we wont have 60 for replace. Wat then?
Trump want credit so he do not care in new healthcare bill
The promise U made to us in Utah on ACA was made with GOP lies!  Improving the ACA is the answer not this joke AHCA A mess
So then we are stuck with Obamacare and no tax cuts?  Thanks a lot.
TY. A promise kept is true representation of constituents instead of commitment to party leadership and D.C. Ideology.
The free market system has already failed on health care! Repair #Obamacare with Democrats  don't replace!
@Dserayes Thank you Senator Lee
Option 1: pass flawed improvement w 51 votes, HHS makes even better. 2018, GOP wins 60 senate seats, removes flaws. 2: GOP loses
@ggeett37aaa and how do you propose to get the 60 votes needed in the senate to do it your way? You guys all live in fantasy
Even if @realDonaldTrump loses first time he will win another time. You have lost my vote.
so YOU will screw up a PLAN when you don't HAVE ONE! #Moronic @ggeett37aaa
You said "repeal and replace", Remember? Now you say "repeal & we'll see what happens next".
Thank you. And please include Health Sharing in the next version.
Stand w/President Trump & vote yes. U consistently seem to ignorantly be on the wrong side of what is best 4 the country!
vote yes
If passes House it will be up to Senate to make necessary changes or present their own Bill.
Instead of blabbering "NO"-get to work on changing it! THAT is how the process is SUPPOSED to work!!!!
That won't  happen right now. If you vote no, there won't be another chance. @realDonaldTrump needs to move on to other reforms.
Your a No. Full repeal not an option with 52 votes, neither is replace. Reconcile is all you have. Miss being opposition party?
thank you
@hoosiergirl71 Adonis, it works if we are allowed to cross state lines
Exactly why our govt doesn't function! Fools like you refusing to compromise. GOP will have a short life as majority party!
@lkaneshiki Thank you Senator. Please convince your colleagues to join you.
I think you're part of the swamp!
we need to do it in steps! Please we need this now!
Had Repubs worked with the Dems back when they were working on HC, maybe we wouldn't be in this mess! PEOPLE b-4 party!! 
U detested POTUS since beginning. U had gleeful smirk on ur face when interviewed. 4 U it is personal. U lost ur perspective.
This is bigger than just you, Mike. Don't kill the People's Movement. Stay up all night and find a way!!!!! PLEASE!
pt1 I voted for u @ the UT State Rep convention & now I'm so disappointed with u. I don't believe I can support u going forward.
Awesome job, govt should have little to do with health care in general.
thank you Senator.  You are a brilliant spokesman for liberty and constitutional principles.  #FullRepeal
America stands with you, Mike Lee. Americans spoke and want nothing short of #FullRepeal of #obamacare which is not about care.
Another unrealistic conservative who rather leave ObamaCare in force. What an idiot to be in a no win philosophy.
Good for you. Stick to what you promised your constituents.
@POTUS if #GOP don't do #FULLREPEAL FiRST=the #DEMS have NO MOTIVATION to support the REPLACEMENT bill which REALLY NEEDS TO BE Bi-Partisan
you're not in The House. Fix it when you get it and send it back!
Keep fighting the good fight against Paul Ryan's health bill. Full repeal of OC is the only way then start over!
thank you for your integrity!
please vote NO!  The bill doesn't do what Trump promised!
Think like a businessman. Say yes then work on phase 2 and 3. Don't blow this only chance.
@WashingtonDCTea Thank You! Please FULL REPEAL!!
wrong move Mike. You're not as bright as us Tea Party members made you out to be. You will fall right into a trap with no vote
please stick to your guns to do the best for all Americans
.@SenMikeLee Well, I'm glad you're in the Senate. You don't get a chance to vote on the house bill.  Fix in Senate.
Only thing in Utah are Mormons and morons. How they gonna feel when there is NO ins, good or bad? ACA collapses,I wouldn't support ur plans
Missing the MARK!
well I'm your constituent too and I didnt ask 4 a full repeal.  Guess It's more work to compromise
@exfkaty an enemy of my enemy is my friend, or something like that.
#FullRepeal is the promise made and what drove me in #MI8  100's of hours...  In vain?  Thank you.
what's bizarre is that you're not happy only 23m Americans will lose coverage - you want ALL of them to.
.@SenMikeLee #TrumpCare is a disaster & a tax giveaway to billionaire insurance CEOs. We demand single-payer Medicare for all. #utpol #utleg
@kleegrubaugh thank you for standing for principles - again. You can always be counted on to do the right thing. #FullRepeal
good job!  Why are so many hung up on installing a replacement??  Just kill O'care and let the free market reign!
Please vote NO on the health care plan tomorrow. #HealthCareReform
Is there really a need for #FullRepeal, when fixing #Obamacare achieves same? Will GOP effort die on semantics?
#MAGA @HouseGOP
Thank you. Get it right the first time. Repeal, no mandate, lower premiums.
thank you senator Lee!
Would it pass the Senate if there was a full repeal though
repeal with NO replace. I know your game.
thank you and keep standing strong! #FullRepeal #noexcuses
Too bad.
Thank you!!!!!!
Do you have the 60 votes for full repeal ?
Hold your nose and vote for the bill. Don't deny good waiting for perfection
Repeal: Don't replace. Let the free market insurers do their jobs. The gov should not be in the health care business--or any business.
@Ps5725 Thanks
Freedom Caucus just says no. U r never Trumper #whatsyourrealmotive
No one gers 100% of what they want in legislation.  You are proving @GOP still can't lead. Sad. Why do I vote for you?
Did everyone in other states???  Reps are becoming an embarrassment .
Your "NO" could cause our Great Country to go over the EDGE! WORK TOGETHER and help Pres Trump to make AMERICA Great Again!
I will address this with you because I heard you speak on Fox today. We voted for Trump in Nov, not you I suggest you support it
