@oak523 @SenMikeLee let's repeal trump and his bs repugnant ugliness behavior and lies after lies not meeting w/Russians sick
projection.
his son did there's the connection
rudy, it's getting old.. like not seeing anyone from obama/clinton on down not even being prosecuted.
No. You've had 8 yrs to figure out a replacement. UNIVERSAL CARE mandate w basic services for all. Want more; pay more. States to implement
Hell no! That puts the taxpayers on the hook subsidizing others healthcare. Govt does not make money! They take in money from taxpayers.
It's in your favor for your neighbors and fellow countrymen to be healthy. Do you support paying for your neighbor kids to go to school?
Not when they are illegals or have no intention of ever working and paying their share.
If it's repealed, then maybe both sides can come to the table for America.  Maybe even discuss why ACA was a tax and not really a right.
Because healthcare is NOT a right! We are NOT a socialist country!
It should be a RIGHT! Lower the cost! Insurance & drug companies are making a killing,
not the Poor! Most of us have insurance we hardly touch & we are paying an arm & a leg.
Stupidest idea known to man. Throw 32 million off health insurance while you figure it out? You had 8 YEARS. It's now clear you had no clue
I would prefer to see it implode and not subsidize the healthcare of others. I can only afford care for my family.
I have no idea what that means. Uninsured used emergency rooms for basic health care prior to Obamacare. WE paid for that under a Reagan sig

Kick millions off access to healthcare with no replacement ready? Brilliant.
But it is fair to make millions of others pay more than we can afford to subsidize those that pay little to nothing? Hell NO!
More tax cuts for the 1%? Decreasing Medicaid by 35% within 10 years? Hell, NO! Why don't you just change the US motto to 'I've got mine?'
This is just chaos. Do your job. Start by standing up to the traitors in this administration. Stand up or be complicit.  America First.
Took my wife 2 the Doc yesterday our copay has jumped from $25.00 to $180.00 because of you fellows messing with our Medicare + AARP-UHC.

#FullRepeal, that is exactly what we need. Thank you Senator Lee.
Senator, You MUST repeal and replace ACA now! It is time. Dems don't have solutions, so don't make it bipartisan.
with all focus on Trump Jr & Russia it wld be so delicious if @SenTedCruz & @SenMikeLee cld get a straight obamacare repeal passed right now
REPEAL.  FORGET REPLACE.  FREE MARKET WILL FILL VACUUM.  REMOVE BARRIERS TO COMPETITION & PURCHASING ASSOCIATIONS, HSAs, REPLACE IS INHUMANE

No, #FullRepeal & get #government OUT of #Healthcare!
#Congress believed in #Obamacare's worthiness so much that they exempted themselves.
Do United States elected Senators @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr have president's back? #BetterCare #BillWithHeart #BCRA Better 4 all Americans
Lee needs to get off his high horse and get this done. I am sorry but the perfect is the enemy of the good.
Got a better idea?
Give voters some relief here in UT by getting rid of  Obamacare. The costs are killing us on a daily basis while you all fight about it.
Here is how the Senate plan will affect Pennsylvanians:
Yeah! Let's become the only first world country without HC, decent social welfare and the most unfit president since time immemorial. Fun!
Socialized medicine works so well. Where do those that want the best medicine go to? Hint 
There is no trust for this government. So your idea of repeal first, is no good. Work with Dems.
@SenSasse Fix, don't politicize it. We're paying for YOU and your family's healthcare. #socializedmedicine is good for you but not America?
1 page bill Obamacare Repealed, pre existing is covered, states are in charge, Insurance can be sold across state lines!! Done deal! #Simple
PS fuck Cruz
You're gonna fuck it all up!  Fix what we have don't start from scratch with some fucked up shit.  #dumbasdirt
You should have been working on this for the past seven years.what the hell are you getting paid for?
RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.  REPEAL O'CARE.  SIGNING ON TO TED CRUZ IS WRONG-SICK & OLD WILL DIE.  RAND PAUL IS RIGHT; OTHERWISE WE ARE EUROPE
@SenSasse Hey idiots— NO repeal without a significantly improved replacement over the ACA, not just an improvement over the odious GOP bill.
NO! Just #FullRepeal We want govt out of our #healthcare #FreeMarket NO subsidies! NO entitlements! NO Medicaid expansion!
Congress should cancel the recess or DJT should call them back into session.  They need to get things done or quit!
get real doctors Not board members like obama did Doctors who have their business not living off gov't  like VA
not 1 politician have brought in healthcare professionals not their donor crony friends I'm talking about
Single Payer health care is the only way to make ObamaCare better. Insurance companies have been taking too big of a bite for too long.
Public health systems are cheaper and more effective. Time for Medicare 4 all.
Bad move
hopefully u will grab trumps ear & convince him to take this route
Hypocrites....#SaveACA #DoNotKillUs
Democracy dies in their darkness....#KochEvil

GOP = Greed Over People. #SaveACA #ACHAKills #Koch$Whores
ABSOLUTELY....!!!
what you are really saying is: lets shut down our rural hospitals, cut medicare, and medicaid.for the poor.
what you are really sayings is lets have tax cuts for the wealthy
You better do better. trumpcare is going to hurry my mother $
Cuts to Medicare/Medicaid equals increased charity care burden on hospitals. Which means EVERYBODY gets crappy care in the ER - EVEN YOU!
you have no moral courage

15 Nations get better health care for half the price. Why can't we just copy their success? Why? Because of greed and donors owning Repubs
Sorry Mike kicking 32 million off insurance and then promising to fix it is something we just don't trust you people to do. You don't care
As long as we can take away health care from all elected officials that our tax payer money goes to pay for their health care. Go for it
Repealing #ACA will repeal the tax on the affluent and remove all the health insurance coverage.  
How will this help Americans?
#BadIdea
So we lose pre-existing condition protection & bring back annual/lifetime caps? This is better? How? My coverage will be worse off
Your "pro-federalism" is one-sided: Fed. will tax you just as much/more but states are "free" to do anything on state $. #twistedfederalism
So disingenuous Mike.
I support this 100%.  Repeal Obamacare now and figure out a new bill later.  Get the work done for the American People that elected you.
Stock Market highs only temporary!!! My Suppliers telling me they need Tax Reform passed by Labor Day in order to forecast next quarter.
Full repeal of ACA as promised and no replacement. Following the #tenthamendment will show that the State's can do it better than the Fed's.
@POTUS Better Idea, make bill that if ur Dem u stay on Obamacare & if ur Rep u go on open market, indepen gets choice.
Only a Moron would trust the GOP to follow through on a promise.  GOP has demonstrated that, under the notorious, Trump-master.
How would he know the "small print taketh away" if he hasn't READ the bill?!? 

#DOYOURJOB #REPUBLICANS @GOP 
@SenMikeLee
Yes Repeal first!  Replace "later" *wink* *nod* Lower income Trump voters should get exactly what they voted for. HAHAHA!!
Got those 60 votes all lined up do ya
Yeah just dump families out of insurance- let them go I'll or bankrupt. Class
Let's repeal Congress now, come up with a better tyranny later.  Let KIng Trump ignore all rules of decorum & decency.
If you haven't come up with a plan in 7 years of whining, you're never going to come up with one. Just call it a tax cut for billionaires.
No need to accept #LeftistBS ("MM will lose insurance") as premise - with #ConsumerFreedomAct NOBODY will - but MM can get #LowerHCprices.
Rip it off, quickly, like a band aid. Then, let us buy ins across state lines. Done!
Can this be done under reconciliation?  Thanks Mike.
Repeal and walk away: 
“The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the federal government are few and defined..." - Madison
No these Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a replacement, what the hell is going on.
Because they ignore root causes of high costs. For profit insurance companies, TV drug advertisements are healthcare money pits.
Clearly you can't write a good healthcare bill. Your committee iced out most of the GOP & wrote an appalling bill. Stop destroying & create.
So let's see, Rs can't get HC done. Meaning they're not as smart as tough or as disciplined as Obama and the dems. Cannot govern. LMAO
Thanks for be on the faux news -
That is probably the most stupid thing you, Trump, and Repubs can do.  That will really hurt your party down the road.
Sure! Become even more popular than you already are. Can't believe your hitching your wagon to this shit train. Enjoy the short ride
My thoughts exactly. We voted for these guys to repeal. After that, they can try and replace.
@Dbacks Did you really enable #Wealthcare by giving this guy $56,000?
Complete the job at hand.
Must be nice to have so much in front of yall, can't agree to disagree but your vacation is secured on taxpayer dime. Wish I got paid to not
NO! ACA works, 
if the GOP has a workable alternative, that is better, open debate then a vote.
repealing without a replacement risks lives
@tedcruz @SpeakerRyan @JohnCornyn
Making a statement means nothing. Prove your case or join the rank and file of the propaganda machine.
Prove the Article V method to correct federal government is not what the Founders intended? Constitution is a limit on government powers.
And tell Senate and Congress, etc. that they have to take the same insurance they are trying to push on us.
This is the best decision.  Pray that you will have some influence.  Good luck.
This is not a good idea. Please work with a bipartisan group  on health care - you all can work together for the good of our country. 
Another Trump promise broken to his base. Sad
meh.
People will go without healthy care, incur large burdensome costs, and perhaps even die BC they don’t go to a hospital. Do you want that?
Fix Medicaid, fiddle w/Medicare gradually.  Get the Fed'l gov out of the health care/ins business. Free Market!!
What an idiot! Loudoun and mike just likes the sound of his own voice. He is saying nothing intelligent.
Lee's response is that of a typical GOP Weasel. Would U; or, anyone, trust the GOP to come up with something as good - - or better than ACA?
GOP are destroyers - - not creators.  Can't run the risk of 32 million being without Insurance; because GOP can't get their Shit together.
Today's GOP...Screw you I got mine..
Go for it:
1.  Vote on full repeal.  
2.  Lose.  
3.  Figure out that the aca is here to stay.
4.  Improve the aca.
Why not ask OMB 2 prepare a report on Univ Medicare alternative first. How is InsCo welfare better than plain welfare 4 people legally here?
Undo it step by step by undoing each part as they were added.
Government out of healthcare and health insurance. Let the doctors treat patients without the red tape. Reform medicaid where fraud exits.
Or don't do any of that, because it's a terrible idea, not to mention heartless and cruel.
I live in your district. You are not taking a logical course on this one. #sad
Yeah
Let's demand Insurance companies cut their corrupt expense budgets - contract to only purchase $15 pens for example is transfer of wealth
Investigate insurance companies corrupt budgets
You've had how long to come up with a plan?
It is the replacement part that I worry about
Love Mike Lee
8 years to come up with a replacement, and the best you can come up with is get rid of what's in place? I'm embarrassed you represent me.
Let's take everything away for a while then they will be happy with whatever we give them.. that's Your governing strategy?
Ya , that sounds like Trump & Rep, no plan of their own,so 32 mill. Americans can F%^k off & Die ,its about destroying Obama legacy, so STHU
Full repeal. Gov't run/pay Medicare/Medicaid. Open+regulate HCProvider/InsCo markets - competition = reduce cost of care = lower premiums.
Obamacare COSTS lives!
based on mortality inc. since ACA, especially  in states that expanded Medicaid.  https://www.facebook.com/mbopenshaw/posts/10213875026138601?pnref=story …
How about them doing their job and repeal AND replace Obamacare.
Why are Republicans touching this?Let this continue to fail.Would rather prove socialism fails this way than vote one in.
Trump cant be stupid enough to deliver a crappy HC He will 100% lose the presidency But I've seen alot of stupidity things lately
Fuckin do it then!!
@SandraSandlc52 @SenMikeLee We are tired of the BS from the GOP Rinks lying about Obamacare. It's not rocket science.
Ha...lying like, if we like our ins. & dr. we can keep them? Or how about your ins. will go down $2,500 yr? #ObamacareHouseOfCards
Let's just repeal...period
what a jerk you are.  Won't comment on Trump because you know he's a bully and you just want to take healthcare away from millions.
Yes. Thank you.
They're realizing that you can't replace Obamacare with anything except for Obamacare because of the regulatory nature of Obamacare....
...I also think they're starting to realize that there's only two options to reform health care in a beneficial way: tear down the entire...
...structure and rebuild the whole thing from the ground up or divide it up into its various aspects and renovate or rebuild each aspect...
...separately then reattach it or meticulously rebuild it without detaching it. 

Health care in the US is structured according to...
...old world/European architecture. It's been built up that way and has problems inherent to old world thinking/design. American health...
...care must be rebuilt and modernized according to enlightenment(natural law, autonomy, and individuality) to function properly in a...
...country founded upon such principles with a people culturally aligned with such principles. The goal is synergy through freedom of choice
Health care as a right means one being able to help themselves autonomously. It does not mean others are forced to service.
What they want is repeal of a tax on wealthy investor income and to go back to the day of insurance companies selling sham policies.
Sociopath. You would send people to die if you could save 10$ on your tax bill.
Evertime the government gets involved in something the price goes up and quality goes down, every... single... time...
Yes, yes
Sounds good! Too bad we will never forget how u acted like a turd towards #trump at the convention! Were u drunk?
Why replace? Get govt out of healthcare entirely!
That's what we voted for! #Repeal AND #replace @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @RepJoeWilson
no people voted for lower prem; you're an idiot if you think this will do it, it will raise prem when people drop out. Figure it out
Figured it out long ago @BlairWeddings. Fed govt shouldn't be in healthcare or healthcare insurance business. I like my freedoms w/o strings
Who has the balls to stand with Senator Lee.
GOP and Sen Lee are coin operated. 
He votes in favor of his donors, big insurance, not us
they donate to get GOP re-elected. use your brain
Let's repeal and NOT REPLACE!
Private market competition drives cost down which improves acces and quality...no polticians needed
Shocked.
How about you repeal it and then get the hell out of the way?
Because single payer health systems are cheaper and less to better health outcomes. Repeal alone means higher costs + less healthy country
Ok
The GOP in Congress has no clue what they are doing on health care.  I could have come up with a better plan in a couple of hours.
Only difference between uninsured and Medicaid is that Medicaid generates much more expense and drains system of resources with utilization
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Koch Bros Puppets
Health outcomes for Medicaid are the same as uninsured
Do it!
They need to just flat out repeal it.
respectfully susan, repeal why? and replace it with what?
our previous big insurance failed us
look at other countries healthcare, do that
@ABC #FoxNews #GMA #foxandfriends #PBSNews #CNN #TheView Repeal of the oppressive Obamacare Tax Bill is a must, try
Replace the politicians holding up the replacement.
Proposal is simply an expansion of Medicaid
You only say that because you can't really accomplish the replace part. If it's repealed, then we're stuck with whatever you come up with.
That might work. But don't let be an excuse to then sit back on your laurels. Get to work replacing it with the best ever health care plan!
I know that sounds appetizing to the masses, but think about the impact for a minute. This analysis is fairly thorough. Granted it's an...
...opinion piece and the numbers can probably be argued. But it appears accurate on face value.
The only stakeholders benefitting from proposal are politicians
Another stupid idea courtesy of Mike Lee! He's generally not considered a very bright light
Once again, this is a clueless statement. The left calls honest people, "not too smart."  We call them patriots. This is why you lost! Haha!
Mike Lee has no ideas. No plan.
And not even worry about people having healthcare? Sorry no.
Someone's dying to make vet's lose coverage... freedom!
What are you talking about?!
Taking healthcare from vet's, especially the mental/addiction services... It shows how much Trump loves vet's, only way America can be great
You have no idea what you are talking about. Trump is increasing access to healthcare via the VA. You can lie all you want, nobody believes.
Good morning Happy independent day 
Agreed!!!!
Only if they promise to actually produce work
Someone tells these bozos on Fox about the Byrd rule.
no I am afriad not , that would not do so many people would be in so much trouble, shame for  even suggesting!
Taking the name Obama off of it would be a major improvement.....
Not a lot of faith in the replace part which kind of kills the repeal part.
If you want to commit political suicide.
Let's impeach and replace
