Continued embarrassment for Utah
This means your complicit with obstruction.  You will pay dearly - VOTE HIM OUT!
@SenMikeLee 
Sounds like a reasonable position. Q? why was SPENDING included in a sanctions bill?
Bot
Several bots supporting comrade Lee here. Lookin at you Nate Randolph.
Comrade?Lee? You should sue whoever educated you. Govt. Schooled? Too bad. Can't sue them. They take your $ and tell you how to live. Sucks
Loud Mike pulling the wool over his voters' eyes.
Utahn's deserve people in office who will stand up to Trump. If you can't, someone else will.
Thank you Mike!
Comrade Lee = Trump Puppet
There is no greater threat to our country than Russ.
Can you tell me why? Did Russia do 9/11? Is Russia a direct threat to me?
The Senate approved (98/2) new sanctions to punish Russia because they believe there is no threat!
Thanks, but I asked for an argument or explanation. I know they voted for sanctions. I don't know why Russia our "greatest enemy".
Threatens NATO Pro isis w/bombs killing thousands of civilians invading Uk Ge jailing &  murdering their own Thy're everything we're not TG
And our military doesn't kill thousands with bombs? You can take your oversimplified talking points somewhere else.
You are just a fool
I don't agree with Congress voting against Trump & sanctions. Ridiculous!
Short sale Mike Lee wrote the book on how to get out of things that are "too costly".
This freakin traitor thinks its just fine 2 not sanction Russia

Let that sink in.

This has to be one of the very lowest points in #utpol
This kind of rhetoric is dangerous. Senator Lee is a patriot, just because you disagree on policy doesn't mean he's a traitor.
U know what's dangerous? Letting Putin ruin USA. Lees vote said "go ahead"

So stop with rhetoric talk. 
Lee"s in power 2 do harm, I'm not
excellent comments Senator Lee.   You are a great man.
Sure thing, Comrade.
So you and Rand Paul think you know more than the other 97 Senators. That just does not compute, Senator! Shameful!!! Russia meddled!!!
Why aren't the Republicans backing our President?
Because he's mentally unstable, and he stinks of Russia. The @GOP are finally getting a clue, except the ones who aren't #Complicit
@NadineNardine @jslr @SenMikeLee @GOP even the Dems say there is no evidence. Your so very wrong on this.
Your priorities are wrong, Senator.
No Ryan they are not/ read educate yourself instead of listening 2 Dems propaganda
Read and educate myself? Seriously?
Aw, it's a brand-new baby bot! Welcome to Twitter, Brittany. Please tell Putin that despite .@SenMikeLee's loyalty, he can go screw himself.
Why are bots helping .@SenMikeLee, anyway?
I don't agree with what you are wanting POTUS to sign on his part with Russia/sanctions. Ridiculous!
Not going to feel the same love driving though your state as long as you are in office. What is your game here besides playing the fool?
So you have been bought by Moscow! Glad to have you on board, Comrade Lee! There's a special place in Siberia for you!
You sound crazy as hell!!
Dear Sen. Lee please move to Russia.
AMERICA SHOULD KEEP HER MONEY, STOP AIDE/CHARITY TO ANTI AM. COUNTRIES, WHICH IS ANYONE THE VAT. CANUSE AGAINST US TO CONTROL US. KEEP R OW$
Russian intelligence agencies went after Hillary and American intelligence agencies went after Trump how ironic and evil we're f*****
@marcorubio @SenBillNelson BTW I support your reason and vote. Wish my Senators were as fiscally responsible.
Suck up and traitor?  Sounds about right. Still think letting the severely mentally ill buy guns is a good idea? Taking away our healthcare?
What has been the cost in the past for the defense of our democracy and voting rights? Who payed this price and with what? Why let go now?
If you love Russia so much then you should just MOVE THERE.  Scram, buddy.  Beat it.  Adios!
This "reason" is nonsense"  You were declaring the #TrumpRussia thing is done now, all wrapped up, and nothing to see.  Wrooong
Don't you find it really strange that the other 97 senators who voted FOR the legislation didn't see it your way? Odd, right?
You're acting like a Russian pawn! No excuse is good enough for you voting against it. Are you Russian paid also?
Did they not let mike in on the first round of collusion so he's making sure he doesn't get left out again? @lotsofuss
Senator Lee, you're a dummy
You may as well be voted out in the next election.
Wow! Mike Lee is the winner of the most chickens**t Senator of the decade!
This is only horrifying excuses, Lee's support of Trump & extreme right-wing ideology is shameful. A history major should know better.
You are such a tool
No $ to groups who spend "on politically divisive projects" not in our best interest? So you're cutting all Congressppl's salaries to 0?
You have done nothing to hold Trump accountable, Mike. Zero. We've had our democratic election hacked by Russia yet you won't sanction them
Traitor.  You should be ashamed.
Good on you Mike and Rand for your bravery. The only two senators with a brain!
Which organizations and how have they spent the money that you don't approve of?
Shameful.
Not voting against sanctions won't help you sell your awful book.  We'll remember this
Could you give us specifics on exactly what these orgs have done that would lead you to vote against tough action against Russia?
There aren't any specifics. Bet he's got Rubles in his bank account. This is the guy who defaulted on his mortgage, lost his house.
Did you clear that with your orange Putin Puppet?
Mealy-mouth. Name the NGOs you have a problem with and why.
I appreciate your explanation.  So who safeguards our country from Mr. trump?  He is so clearly not protecting us from Russian leaders.
Shame on you! We will remember! #HeberCityUT #resist #YourConstituent
I agree, however if we would've given the 250 mil to the Russians, then that would've been a bill to vote yes for!
Thank you for paying attention and looking out for us.  I want the sanctions, as I'm sure you do, but not at THIS cost!
You know what's not in interests of American people? Almost everything you do. Highly divisive. 
Also--calls at rush hour? 
I am embarrassed, appalled and ashamed that a Senator from my state would be 1 of the 2 who voted against this. Smh
Can all senators be required to do this quick explanation? Simple language and to the point. Thank you!
I agree. Good vote. Russia IS our geopolitical foe. Let them know they can't mess with us
"Don't mess with USA, Russia! We WON'T sanction you!"
As a Utah resident, I am embarrassed by your unwillingness to stand up to Trump and his agenda.
Plus the Russians may be able to help you out in the future
I like mike Lee/ smart, patriotic, honorable my prayers are with him & his family/ God please heal our loving friend in Jesus name/ 
Wow, Brittany-bot. Born barely a month ago & one of Lee's bestest fans already.
What organizations are these??
Who are these unruly organizations you speak of?  What exactly do you object to?
Lame excuse. Enjoy the time you have remaining in the senate.
wake up alway be careful sir. Thank you
sorry i did not hear you before i said anything...
Thanks senator for your service
Too much Money better Stop God Bless you Sir
Why didn't @SenMikeLee run for president? Smartest guy on the Hill.
Traitor
Ryan megyn an ignorant ass/ disappear
Brittany-bot love Mike Lee true love/ into sunset.
what you want another 20 years of wars based on no proof if you have some please share.
We need you to help TRUMP build the wall
What's in it for Russia?
Thank you.   I wish more would be like you.
God bless
Lol. I hope right now there is a god, and I hope he is not as stupid as you think he is.
