He was groomed, bought and paid for. He is problematic for women's rights and the middle class
Should have been Merrick Garland. Also eminently qualified.
Too bad the GOP had to steal this #SCOTUS pick. History will always note it as an asterisk on every 5/4 decision. Blocking Obama started it.

U.S. Strikes in Syria Are an Illegal Response to Atrocity |   via @aclu
https://www.aclu.org/blog/speak-freely/us-strikes-syria-are-illegal-response-atrocity …
He will be an excellent Justice. Thank you for voting to confirm him.
Thank you, Senator. 
Don't forget we are counting on you, @SenTedCruz, and @freedomcaucus to lead the way in #FullRepeal of Obamacare.
May god have mercy on your soul. Have you taken dark money too?
FU
Angry that you confirmed a justice who believes in a Constitution that didn't include women. You have slapped us in the face.
An ideologue to tip the scales towards big business, Big Church and big billionaires.  Well played, Mike.
#SCOTUS
No he is not. Try listening to your constituents for a change.
Garland is by far more qualified
Depends on one's intent. Support or degrade the Constitution. Gorsuch supports the Constitution as it was written where Garland does not
Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. Your betrayal of the people will harm USA for generations to come. @SenateGOP
He will corrupt the intent? Wrong jerk you liberals corrupted by interpreting it as to its current mean. Not living document
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
What a blatant lie. He is a corporate shill and anti-civil rights. You're both on the wrong side of history. Shame ino n you.
The way you went about getting your way was wrong.
And his appointment is the opposite of restoring constitutional leadership in Washington.
You're going to be oneof the many reasons this country is destroyed by that narcissistic asstrumpet @realDonaldTrump 
#Utahdeservesbetter

@realDonaldTrump The DonCon-op: Warn enemies in advance. Launch expensive but worthless attack. Claim greatest Victory since WWII. #Winning
Didn't you just 'sell' our privacy to the highest ISP bidder?
Republican Sens. Want Info From DHS After It Requested Twitter User's Info http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/cory-gardner-mike-lee-homeland-security-letter-twitter-alt-uscis … via @TPM
Gorsuch is a sociopath.
Shameful, putting politics before Democracy. Next you'll be asking us to vote for you. Fat chance. We won't forget.
Just imagine if Bush nominated A replacement for Ginsberg that was not a liberal. You LIBTARDS Would demand her exact replacement. Sod off
Abortion is the moral equivalent of Assad's use of chemicals on children.  Gorsuch is the cruise missile!
Thank you, Senator Lee. I admire you! You would make a great SC Justice, but we need you in the Senate to make/replace laws that help us! 
High praise from you Mr Lee.
So much for that Constitutional Leadership you pretend to be so committed to!  When you can't win w/ current rules...no prob...change rules!
You sir are a fool! Why don't you think about your constituents? Not all of us believe in you!
Hey loser Lee, you wanted Hillary for POTUS. Remember that? You would have been voting for her appointees.
So was Merrick Garland. Why didn't you let him even have a hearing? #PeopleNotPolitics
Never in history as the nominee been seated in the last year of a presidential term. Never. Sod off
Stop watching Fox News and get your history right. It has happened multiple times http://www.scotusblog.com/2016/02/supreme-court-vacancies-in-presidential-election-years/amp/ …
I really don't think your party should be bragging about a candidate being " qualified". Tragic nomination.
no Sir.... he ruled against the disability community.
All by himself???   Do you even have the slightest clue what you're rambling about?  Of course not.  You just puke up the words of R. MadCow
Justice Gorsuch.
What great news today. Congratulations Supreme Court Justice Gorsuch
@DrSueDVM 
Every SCOTUS justice should be an originalist
Thank Y'all for voting for Judge Gorsuch he is truly the right man for the job. Balance of power is necessary in all of government.
Looks like a decent guy.  Good luck to you and him.
Merrick Garland.
Is that what they mean by "honor among thieves"?
It's going to be epic if Gorsuch ends up being more constitutional and politically conservative than pseudocons like...
I loved him on America's Funniest Home Videos.
Great job ,dang the Sore loser 
regressives and full speed ahead .
The Conservative agenda is rolling us back into the 1950's.  You are on the wrong side of history with this confirmation and support of *45
your party will be defeated and you'll regret this shady robbery
so was Garland.
too bad there wasn't a constitutional test for a constitutionally created position.
Congratulations We Love  you  all  God Bless you  and  God bless  American people.  
Awesome!
note: when the law isn't clear, SCOTUS cannot interpret it or rule on it. Don't let them continue their tyranny.
Plagiarism be damned, you still voted for him. #shameful
Too bad you had to fundamentally break the way our legislature works to do it
