Dems didn't get anything so they will continue their witch hunt.
The purpose of a witch hunt is to find a witch.......
We have a Witch, but no one cared. Especially the FBI.
Except literally none of that is true.
The FBI said it was ALL TRUE! BUT SHE HAD NO INTENT JUST EXTREMELY CARELESS!
GET OVER HRC....SHE IS NOT THE PRESIDENT. FOCUS ON THE PRESENT. Russians attacked our political process. Next time they may attack the Repub
Did Trump have anything to do with that???????????
Proof please.
Maybe, let's find out, shall we?
Investigate Lynch, Rice, Huma, and Hillary
Fix ACA and raise taxes and balance the budget. DO YOUR JOB do not borrow money
#LockHerUp
I hope they get the truth finally and trump gets impeached
The  truth is that the dems made up all this  crap about Russia.
I'm sorry where you been The moon you need to clear your head of all the B/S that he's been filling your heads with wake up
If you followed you would know that he is lifting sanctions that Obama put in place and giving back the 2 houses that was seized check your
I  got to say, Congress  is the  one who puts sanctions  on  countries. Obama has no authority  without Congress.
I know so many volunteers for PP who have worked all their lives to educate the underprivileged. You and the DT sycophants find bad in good.
The impeachment proceedings needs to get underway and his tax returns & team need to be subpoenaed. He's a liar and cannot be trusted.
What's the offense?  Unusual nobody knows the Criminal statue. Taxes not an impeachable offense. Only T/left use it 4 politcal gain.
Obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense & if he has nothing to hide why not put it to rest? U must enjoy being lied too every day.
@POTUS44  began surveillance on 20 million Americans,Politicians,Journalist& unmasking increased 300% in2years. Using intell against a PARTY
My hope comes from Truth, something your boyfriend Trump doesn't know anything about & obviously you don't either. I respect any American
A) Trump is President 
B) Dems aren't morally upstanding
C) You are being duped.
D) Praise Trump w/good
E) Voice against Trump when wrong
Trump will be impeached, his supporters can continue in their moms basement, The American people prevail.
U sound like a kid? How old RU?
I am not confident that you would never mislead someone or misstate something - never mind the Nazi elf!
Get rid of not-independent, Comey friend special prosecutor, Muellar
 NOW. END THIS CIRCUS!!!
Congress should abolish special counsel after Comey's testimony. GOP should never allow this to continue. Wrong
Senator Lee is a DISGRACE and SHAME to Utah. His Lenin style of communism seems to be against all American and Mormon values,
You do not care we were attacked by  Russia ? GOP  all traitors  & complicit ? We need to see this never happens again! We are fed up with u
Support our Potus. The circus needs to stop.
#Complicit

Unbelievable Lee, a lawyer, has blinders on. Should go back to lawschool, missed obstruction of justice and accumulation of evidence.
We support our President Mr Lee. We appreciate y supporting him today on ABC
Mike Lee? Of course, Utah. Messed up state. Should have known. Your pretty quick to sweep this under the rug. Got something to hide too?
#Complicit
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
This is NOT OK. Medical Care is not a partisan issue, it is a #HumanRights issue. @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #wethepeople #createdequal
When are we going to investigate Obama for spying on private citizens?  When will Lynch be investigated? When will Hillary be investigated?
The Senate needs to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump..Free Speech does not have to CLASSLESS Bias..
Sen, U R doing pretty good. Now get healthcare & taxes done before summer break! Also work on "Term Limit" & for sure, punish "Leakers"!
Sad Lee is transparent seeing him lie or he's truly as naive and shall I say ignorant & knows he will lose next election
Should  be the end. No need for special counsel,  waste of money.
Way to toe the party line and go after Comey, a person YOU said had a lot of integrity.  So much for yours ... can't wait until you're out.
U want to shut down investigation. Investigations determine outcomes, not partisan shills like U. Shame u are now lapdog to Buffoon POTUS.
#Comey wasn't FBI Dir. at time.
Given to friend AFTER Trump tweet.
#Comey was private citizen.
Thou shall not bear false witness

Trump and folks: if you get an anonymous tip that a bank is being robbed, the problem isn't the tip, it is the bank robbery.
You act like a person who has something to hide....care to share?
Mr. Lee you are a hypocrite and a traitor. Please tell us would the law matter if a Democrat were in the White House?
No kidding right?  If this was a Democrat - any Democrat they would be calling for a public beheading!  Party over country - disgusting!
Sessions is a close personal friend of mine , hmmm no wonder he's kissing ass
wimp much, Mike?
Do you even care that Russia invaded the election process?
invaded like they have every yrear even during obamas elections???????
Party loyalty first: @SenMikeLee says "wrap this up" as if the investigations were complete. His defense of Jeff Sessions also questionable.
Senator Mike "party before country" Lee.  History watches! "Truth to Power"
Don't forget this along w/Comey testimony.

NYT: Trump brags to Russians about firing 'nut job' Comey
#WANNABDICKTRAITOR #TrumpCartel #TrumpRussia #AbuseofPower #SCRUPLES4RUBLES #ObstructionofJustice
What planet is Sen Lee on?
@Sen_JoeManchin I'm a conservative that has a lot of respect for you. Don't fall into the trap.Much of what Comey said should be scrutinized
What's next? Flynn goes to jail, Apprentice President impeached for obstruction, Dems sweep 2018, and back to normalcy.
Yawn. Maybe the liberal dims will get to work?  Hahaha. I made a joke!
Millions are LEAVING the Democrat party due to the focus of obstruction  and opposition. obstruction/opposition does not = progressive
Say hi to Vlad for us.
Tell him yourself, you seem on nick name buddy basis w/ him, lol
For refreshing change_ publish the non biased facts. Leave the Democrat's witch hunt alone!
#LOOKATMECOMEY, #HOLYCOMEY, #MEMEMECOMEY, #LEAKYJIMMY
What's next is to pull t/covers on Trump non investigation put it to bed forever
#comeyforprison2017 #comeythefixer #comeyisaclintonoperative #commrythelieralways #priebusforprison #congressforprison2017
Comey = the one telling the truth.  Don the Con = lies all the time.
#Libtards wouldn't know truth if it grabbed them by the #pussy
Ahhhh real classy!!
More waste of taxpayer money!
I believe what comey said about trump like to bully and control
This is the only good Dem in Congress..
All those two faced hacks need to 
go back to work!!! Shows over!!!
There will be NO IMPEACHMENT Assholes!!!
All those two faced hacks need to go back to work
Hillary?Lynch?Let's see the "untouchables"get caught!
I usually have a witty retort, but I've been drinking so my guess is...

wait for it

Nothing

#Trump is still @POTUS 

oh & hahaha liberals
I don't know fake news ABC you tell us you're awful good running your mouth
Should be interesting to see if they answer any questions or just keep repeating themselves as always defending Trumps actions
Can't find anything? Keep digging. Pathetic. TAKE THE L!!!  Put up a real candidate.
What did Pence know and when?  Hmm?
I need a vacation
RUSSIAN RATS Running The REPUBLICAN PARTY Pence Sessions Ryan McConnell Paul Nunes Gowdy Cruz
American rats running lose in our capital. Pelosi, Waters, Wasserman, Schiff, Warner.
Why did the DNC refuse to give the FBI their computers after the election. Sounds shady
Liberal legal experts...
I still want to know why was it televised if he wasn't going to say everything publicly lol got us again.
Why only Trump supporters tomorrow?
http://trump2017.weebly.com/ 
