TY Mike Lee for exposing the #netneutrality scheme ~We must repeal it.  http://dailysign.al/2p929uG  via @SenMikeLee @DailySignal
Legislators must create a net neutrality law that protects it w/o thwarting freedom of speech, competition, and the free and open Internet
But GOP deregulation will just allow the big companies to collude and create an oligopoly where the small players are freezed out.
No, It protects consumers, which YOU obviously have no concern for.
Disinformation as usual.  When are you going to tell the truth straight up?  In this case, regulation protects consumers.
If you support it, let me see YOUR search history!
What net neutrality really does; IT ELIMINATES THE BIG INTERNET PROVIDERS FROM CONTROLLING  THE SPEED OF FLOW. THE BIG GET A JET VS A JALOPY
You're shifting few balance of power away from startups. Established companies can pay extra to hurt competition. This concept is simple
Agreed! Simple and dangerous! We need #NetNeutrality to protect free market!
You vile human being! You are failing to represent me as your constituent! Either Protect #NetNeutrality or resign from office!!!
Net neutrality protects the freedom of the internet. By threatening net neutrality you're taking away the thing that makes internet so great
Please get this done !!
Where have you been Mike Lee. Now that Republicans own it all, is when we need to see you more. Keel down the dogs of Liberalism.
This has been an issue for awhile ass clown. Why are you people so slow?
Prove that removing #NetNeutrality will benefit your consituents, not big business. Competition breeds innovation and this will eliminate competition, blocking new players from competing, allowing the big companies to decide who they want, not the people.
What could possibly be a "scheme" in net neutrality? It only benefits citizens, but undoing it benefits corporations.
you obviously do no understand net neutrality or are somehow poised to profit from its demise.
it's not that easy. This is America. I am allowed to not like things and still be here! #freedom
Do you even understand what #netneutrality is?
This is completely wrong. I work at a small internet business. Removal of net neutrality threatens my livelihood, helps telecom monopolies
No it doesn't. It puts the Internet on an even playing field for the non-rich
Oh you mean that ISPs not favoring content is bad???
Lol, he's wrong, but yeah, that is what he is saying.
#NetNeutrality is NOT a threat. It is protection. I am a constituent and you are choosing big business over Utahns like me!
Amen to that
It's nothing but control for his way
Sen Lee, that is a Great Idea!! Love It.
Stop tweeting. You have no idea what you are talking about.
Actually, Title II protects innovation. Scrapping it would let big companies pick winners and losers online. That's not putting people first
Private companies GET to pick Winners,  it's called Free Enterprise; the Gov picking them is Socialism
Net Neutrality is holding back some Co.s, by mis use of Regs That's not Free Mkt, its nepotism
#NetNeutrality increases Innovation and grants small businesses the ability to compete with large corporations. Educate yourself you hack!!!
No it doesn't that's bullshit
AMEN to some common sense & someone with a brain!  Thank you Chairman Pai.
You obviously don't have to count pennies. These companies already are criminal in billing practices NOW you want to free them up more?!!!!
Wow!! Thank you!!
Dear Mike, FWIW the internet was built on #netneutrality.  You've got so many other challenges why spend effort on this?
Excellent news!
@mschlapp FINALLY!Since 10/16 conservatives r fighting Communist China style censorship!@SenTedCruz warned we'd lose 1stA right!
Matt this is just flat out incorrect. I respect you but I do not respect with this says. I hope you had a good time in Rome with your family
It's almost as if you don't understand what #netneutrality actual does for consumers. That, or you're a shill for giant comms corporations.
He can be dumb and corrupt
@mschlapp and who the hell didn't know that would happen Barry's goal was to destroy America 
How come US internet was 100s of times slower than best in world before that regulation then? Innovation happened, US failed to adopt.
Liar. I live in your district. #voteutah #holdaccountable #mikelee
Really, Mr. Lee? How does allowing ALL traffic to move unrestricted and without favoritism through the 'net a "regulatory threat?"
Um. No. You have that backwards there. Net neutrality is how innovation is preserved. Otherwise it turns into an oligopoly. Monopoly+
Really. NN actually levels the playing field, something I thought you conservatives were for. The only thing it 'regulates' is predators.
Netneutrality protects consumers.  It keeps corporations from arbitrarily changing rates on services provided.  It protects consumers
Explain how.
Noticed how the only people defending this move are paid shills.
Just another example of the many ways that you fail to represent your constituents. You are a disappointment.
I hope you are primaried and never work again. See what it's like to actually have earn a living instead of stealing.
how? Seriously, how?
Lol what a bunch of bullshit!
doesn't like or support Utahns. Internet speeds in rural Utah will plummet - only 1.5Mbps now. Antarctica internet is faster.
Stop making it sound better than it is. We know it will screw over the poor and middle class.
Do you believe the horseshit pouring from your mouth? Can't you at least admit to being bought and paid for by big corporations?
It threatens to secularize any specific country at any time. At governments will
I envy you. Life would be so much simpler if I too were incapable of feeling shame.
Good luck explaining #netneutrality to rural middle America. That's what they count on using "Obama" and "scheme" and voter check the R.
Good. Next step, dismantle the FCC.
Nice Orwellian spin on #netneutrality to kill free speech.
Deregulating a.k.a. corporate/government control of the Internet.
Yes
You have either no personal experience here or you are disinterested to a dangerous degree. Pai is simply enhancing monopoly.#netneutrality
Unfortunately it's much worse. He's an evil genius. He knows exactly what he's doing and doesn't GAF about anyone who doesn't give him $$$$$

No it didn't you tool.
You're just against it b/c he was for it.
Shame on you, sir. You're putting party and power before country and the people you represent.
..Senator Lee quit lying..
No, you are threatening tech innovation by allowing ISPs to act as gatekeepers to the internet. Go learn something about technology.
On a roll today aren't you? Paying more for certain kinds of web traffic: just what your constituents are clamoring for. Such innovation.
Another example of morons electing morons to run the country.Who educated you people? A can of soup?
Willful misrepresentation of the facts on full display. You should be ashamed of yourself. Just another corporate crony cuck
You've got to be kidding me! Net neutrality was not Obama's idea - it's about freedom and maintaining an free speech and consumer rights.
It most certainly does not threaten innovation. It was poorly written though. We must not allow big biz to control regulation.
Don't you think that open market competition would bring down prices, just as Verizon competing with T-Mobile dropped cell phone pricing?
Prove it.
If you're so excited about net neutrality than make Trump release his tax forms.
No it doesn't you complete and utter intentional fool. You can't say the opposite of a thing and then call it that thing. You're terrible.
LIES
Spoken like a man made delusional from Verizon corporate money.
Sad!
The actual innovators say the opposite you fucking crony
@benshapiro Internet providers have no right to block websites they might not like(Excluding ones that promote unlawful content)
Bullshit. This is one thing I completely disagree with my fellow Reps, you shouldn't be charged more to access certain content.
Net neutrality is VITAL to the functioning of the internet. From commerce to free speech it is a necessity.
So instead you take money from Corporates that hurt your constituents? Tell the truth Senator! #netneutrality
http://www.fec.gov/fecviewer/CandCmteTransaction.do …
No, it protects internet innovation. YOU are threatening small and emerging business.
I call bullshit sir. This is a step to censor the people
You are completely wrong. Removing net neutrality will kill Internet innovation in the country.
It's good to know that someone is FINALLY standing up for the big corporations. Bravo! You truly are a champion of the people!
Tell me, how did the Internet develop into an engine of free expression, creativity and commerce in the complete absence of net neutrality?
<sigh> no
Wouldn't it be something if our "representatives" actually represented the us instead of big companies to sell out us and our personal data?
No, without #Netneutrality there will be no more privacy. Priority check infrastructure will be used for censorship sooner or later, too.
'threatens internet innovation'???  you're a threat to democracy.
Hope Utah Primaries you taking dirty money from lobbyists  you dont care how much it hurts your own constituents. Run back to the Kremlin
it's fun taking a page out of Trump's book and just flat out lying on Twitter, isn't it? 

SO much easier than actually legislating
Read 1 Corinthians 6:9-12..Luke 13..Revelation 22:15.
It isn't so much that liberals are ignorant. It's just that they know so many things that aren't so.
There is no innovation when a few ISPs have complete control of the market. How much did you get paid to tweet this?
Sen. Lee, do you know what the internet is?  You have this exactly backward.
What a joke.  Can we please get this guy out of office?
Jesus, are you doing ANYTHING to help regular people in the face of industry??
(I know the answer: No.)
You seem to have it backwards
This is a false statement and you know it.
You are clueless . Commerce is a BONUS from tHe internet, but INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION is its reason to exist. #NetNeutrality
Was is obama still walking this Earth?
@sltrib Yeah, the internet has really struggled with innovation. Get ready for website packages like cable TV.
Man do you politicians ever stop lying? You're a freaking clown 
Okay yeah. It's not like Utah's known for tech. Silicon Slopes? The Utah tea kettle? Phong shaders? Let's forget them ALL so Mike can get 
It does? I thought it actually protected small companies from being gamed out of the system. Explain how it threatens innovation please?
You had it right. @SenMikeLee is either lying or dangerously ignorant given his position.
"Chairman" Pai is owned by Verizon & does NOT have the interest of the American people at heart (AKA his job). Sad you're on the wrong side
Do you not understand how net neutrality works and how it benefits consumers?
Tell me how net neutrality benefits consumers?  What was the problem it solved?
Would you like to tell me again how #NetNeutrality helps my internet-based livelihood flourish?  @sltrib
The very companies the Chairman mentions, Google, Facebook, and Netflix, would not exist without #NetNeutrality. Explain why you oppose.
You make #ZERO sense @SenMikeLee
Soo explain to me the legislation allowing ISP's to sell internet history? Is our privacy important?
You're the worst
A question you will NEVER answer: will this increase costs to consumers?
Yes, you will have to pay to access websites.  Just like you pay for cable TV packages.
I know it will. I also know he's not honest enough to admit that this will benefit businesses at the expense of consumers.
No it doesn't. You're lying to people for Comcast and AT+T. Shameful.
You seem to know fuckall about Net Neutrality or your purposely covering for Comncast or whoever funds your campaign.
No it doesn't.... come on dude... complicit and blame Obama
BS
Thats propaganda and horse shit
paid shill
I'm just a conservative and Computer Science major but it's pretty clear that very few in the GOP understand what #NetNeutrality means.
They understand how it can used for profit and control. That's all they actually care about.
How about getting people to speak at Berkeley Safely
Good there has to be one bastion of free speech and innovation
How does Comcast being allowed to charge you more because you use Netflix instead of their service help innovation or free speech?
Repeal Obamacare!
