Didn't Cruz fight against ICANN moving out of the US Government's control?
Yes. As opposed to control by other govts that don't respect free speech, etc. Cruz is a great senator.
So wait, he does or doesn't want the feeral government to control the internet? Which is it?
Read more about ICANN, which oversees basics functions. Different from govt regulation.
I read about it, right from Cruz's piehole. Explicitly argues for govt regulation. https://www.cruz.senate.gov/?p=press_release&id=2810 …
Oversee infrastructure, not regulate companies.
ICANN is a company, and oversight of it affects all companies participating in the internet.
If only you morons knew how things actually work.
Because your corporate buddies want to charge a fortune. You already sold us out w our info & Ins.
Because then you couldn't get kickbacks from big Telecom to line your sleazy pockets.
I reject the idea that government can sell the internet to big business which killing #netneutrality will. Keep your hands off my internet
GET THE INTERNET BACK FROM ICANN & GIVE IT BACK TO THE PEOPLE
However, UN should not control Internet either! Better US than UN to whom Obama gave the Internet.
Utah voter here. The government is "we the people" which is Americans in charge. You want to put corporations in charge and call it freedom
We know there was a time when the regulation didn't exist. We know because we fought for that regulation. #NetNeutrality
Why not? You control women's rights, gay rights, our environment's right....why the hell not one more??
As a UT state delegate, having spoken to many constituents. We implore you to NOT vote for the healthcare bill. Medicare 4 All=better option
SHHHHH
I'm a constituent from your state(84070) and I am LIVID that you threatening #NetNeutrality You WILL destroy ecommerce & innovation. STOP.
Interesting how the internet cos you are fighting for think net neutrality is good and want it. Hmmm.
@senorrinhatch @RandPaul - The Net is important, but if the GOP flubs the Obamacare repeal, they will lose elections for decades to come.
A BIG THANK YOU to the three of you!!! God Bless You All!
Republicans are truly going to suffer in 2018 & 2020. There won't be any left in gov
I agree. Government control on Internet is restrictive by definition.
Good, we can't wait to get into your emails and your personal business.
Work for small government bureaucracy.
You want giant corporations to control the internet. So much better.
Thank you! Less govt regulation is necessary to restore our Republic
THe Federal Government is controlled by zionism. it shld try to liberate itself not impose rules on the public.
Hey...we GET it!!! Keep on keepin on!
This is ridiculous. Government is supposed to do what the people can't. We CANNOT stand up to big business without you! The government can!
Is there any chance to give the people of Utah back the land that was taken by the last administration?
But you are ok telling a woman what she can do with her body. #liar
the internet should ALWAYS be controlled and regulated by the government. Profiteers will narrow its availability and neutrality.
The internets scope, quality & availability has only increased (and greatly) over time, in the complete absence of net neutrality regs.
prove it.
I reject your rejection. We need #netneutrality and you thinking there is no problem so no law isn't going to keep the ISP from implementing
This article does not attempt to explain how killing net neutrality would be good for consumers. It's just GOP scare words and garbage.
Because @SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz and @SenRonJohnson took $60k, $40k, and $123k from telecom companies.
Read why @SenTedCruz, @SenRonJohnson, and I reject the idea that the federal government should control the Internet: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/get-government-out-of-the-internets-business/2017/05/04/7e07fcda-3039-11e7-8674-437ddb6e813e_story.html?utm_term=.8fe73173a101 …
Yep, putting their personal gain above the betterment of the people.
By all means, let's let unfettered capitalism take care of everything.
(Works well for you comfortable, powerful white guys, I know.)
Yes, please. The government can't do what it is suppose to do. Stop doing what it has no need to do.
When we pay for internet access we actually want to be able to access all of it. Why are you attacking ability to access the internet?
Please do better research before legislating. You are so far off base on this topic it's insane. Will vote against you if this passes.
You can't even say this with a straight face.
What will your response be when every point in your article is refuted?
You'll be silent.
The Feds should be no where near the internet just look at #Google and you see what info in the hands of power does #AHCA House Republicans
You are threatening e-commerce. Innovation. Small business. Major players in tech.
Ted has proven time and again that his knowledge is limited to slogans and Dr. Suess. Net neutrality way past his abilities.
I fundamentally disagree. If gov't does not regulate and enforce net neutrality, large ISPs will exert unfair pressure in their favor.
and above all, the internet is increasingly becoming an imperative for work and daily life.
By not classifying the internet as a utility you push the poor further into poverty. The internet is the greatest equalizer of our time
And so you want the government to come in and screw it up?  Still use your land line and watch broadcast TV, do ya?
Those are false equivalencies. When the telephone was invented few could afford it. When it was made a utility Bell had to wire every house
All I want is for the same thing to happen to internet. 
Also, there is too much $$ in the internet for it to stagnate like wired phones did
And I object to Gov't takeover of my healthcare... too late huh?
it's an essential utility and SHOULD be regulated by fair, equal means NOT corporate.
Wait...wait...I know this one.  Is it because telecoms give you a bunch of money?
easy answer, big business benefits, you get campaign donations.  Screw the tax payer if it doesn't benefit you.  No reason to read.
I reject the idea that corporations should control it! Better than people control it than the 1%.
I know why. Comcast gave you money. Now they own you.
This is a moronic argument and false equivalency.
you 3 better stand firm against taking ownership of obamacare
Your better reject Trumpcare - shameful disgrace on repubs
