Lee looking forward to working to destroy America
No ACA, no DACA, tax reform. Time to get er done, or go home. We are sick of it!
Defend ACA.
There is every reason to help them.
No reason whatsoever to deport them
Get rid of the Nazi in the WH - Thanks America.  Trump is a bigot - most want him gone - do your duty to your country #ImpeachTrump #impeach
Now is your chance. Trump is flipping on #DACA. Get rid of it! Its unconstitutional! Stay conservative. #UnitedForFreedom
NO MORE.. It will not be "business as usual" It is your job as a leader to protect your citizens from Danger #ImpeachTrump NOW no more wait
First order - #ImpeachTrump #RemoveTrump Otherwise no go.  THis is a disgrace what you are allowing to happen to this country
Wall, PLEASE!
Border security yes.
Wall no.
Wall doesn't solve anything.
Ladders. Tunnels. Boats. Planes. Oh and canada
3 priorities need to come before any vote on tax reform: 
1. Harvey relief
2. Debt ceiling
3. DREAM Act/BRIDGE Act
Just do your job!!! And  for big corporations
Hey! So do we believe in global warming yet? Or is Mother Earth just going through some preexisting PMS conditions?
Please #RescindDACA   We don't want any more Amnesty.
Now that @POTUS has unashamedly signalled his racism multiple times, it will be interesting to see how you refuse to #DefendDREAMers
##REPEALOBAMACARE, #RecindDACA! #FreeMarketOnly! STAND for WE THE PEOPLE! #UnitedforFreedom!
Mike, love you my friend but Congress is useless.
Not happy with senates progress no heathcare reform no tax reform you people have no intentions on doing either so your fired nex election
#keepDACA.  Love is of God. Forgiveness is for you
GOP Strategist...
Republicans should be thinking long & hard about the message that's been sent to Hispanics w/ Arpaio pardon & now DACA. Big problem.
Just do it Job  and quit patting urself on the back
We, American citizens, are sic and tire of U gov. employees Not Doing Ur Job and then taking a break and acting like u deserve it.
Sometimes the right thing to do, is a very hard thing to do. It takes courage. But you can do it. You will.  #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45 
Mike when you get back, you will be given the opportunity to do the right thing. Remember to look ahead but remember History's past #Impeach
Behold YOUR child king. Most of America does not want him anymore. Fulfille the will of the majority of US #ImpeachTrump #Impeach45
It is highly disturbing that you are carrying on like everything is NORMAL . Your only duty when you get back is to #ImpeachTrump Racist
Two main reasons I voted for Donald Trump was Congress & the Senate are working for themselves and not the American people.
Its unfortunate that trump cant do it by himself i dont blame him for GOP short comings  but one thing for sure they can be fired
Have you personally asked him to meet with you?
We need to help rebuild #Houston after this terrible flood. We don't need a Wall & we will not pay for it w/taxpayer money. #utpol
If we remove illegals & Sanctuary cities (will get them off welfare), we could pay for a wall AND rebuild Houston.
Why would we build a wall? We tore down the wall in Germany so why would we repeat such a mistake here? We really don't need a wall.
Bring the decisions made back to the Americans benefits and away from the "k street" gangs
It is time to #RescindDACA Put  Americans first now. #UnitedForFreedom
Senator Lee,
The People demand Legislation restoring Rule of Law, nullifying Obama's DACA Executive Order.  #RescindDACA  #UnitedForFreedom
#fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom thank you!
Do the right thing when you get back.  Make that right decision. You won't regret it in the long run.  Don't be bullied #ImpeachTrump
Nothing will get done. McCain's Tumor and his girl friend Graham will work with the Democrats to make sure of that
Dear Senator, we beg of you, PLEASE be the HERO that starts the conversation to remove Speaker Ryan & replace him with @RandPaul!!
What?!? You're not disapproving of raising debt ceiling? Which Sanctuary city can we boot, first?
Repubs should not continue DACA - its treachery. You haven't  delivered on health care or tax cuts but giving work permits to illegals ?
We don't need a WALL.  Let's rebuild our infrastructure.  The weather won't improve and we must be prepared for all kinds of problems.
We DO want a wall as do majority of Trump base. Bldg a wall will save $ in long run+cut down on crime. Mexico doesn't let US there illegally
MIKE LEE is a HUGE TRUMP FAN  who voted to take away healthcare to give huge tax cuts to wealthy.  We get to wash therir limos.
How about NOTHING except approving more spending and creating more welfare
We know what's to come NOTHING except lies and more lies. DO YOUR JOB! #BLUTAH2018
Maybe should work on your cops learning the laws and stop roughing up nurses
Get back to work and do your job.  Tax reform, 12 budgets, Obamacare, debt ceiling, border wall.
Why do we want more debt? This should not even be on a Republican agenda. Remove funding from Sanctuary cities, first.
Haha, tell us another joke.
Priorities, priorities, priorities.  First help the hurricane  and flood victims of Texas and the S.E.
Very disappointed in you Mr. Lee! Start representing your people!
Time for new, conservative, principled leadership in the Senate!
Amen!!!
If congress will be back next week, congress will probably get as much done as they did this week!
U need to work with others to protect US values and country from POTUS. This is not about party or policy.
Wait, congress is working 12 days in one month!  What happened to the labor laws?
For what, six hours? Or just until leadership wants to go hide again?
After another month off, they are "working" 12 days out of 30?
No compromise - end DACA!
We are growing GDP. Can congress stay home?
When did YOU become the go to Republican spokesperson??? Be sure that you are honest and remember you are working for UTAH, not yourself!!!
I wish I only had to work that many days!
While your at it, how bout killing that Net Neutrality bill.
We should still be helping people in Texas..not looking for tax breaks for corporations that don't benefit average Americans
Is there some reason you never appear on news shows other than Fox?
Congress does nothing...time for all of you to go! Don't act like you represent #Americans you only represent #ANTIFA and #BLM
Only agenda I want to hear about is #ImpeachTrump. Get to work Congress!
Nope 
.@FoxNews is not a reference for sane Americans.
Mike get off your butt and do something...
The proof is in the pudding as the saying goes. Hope ya'll make it to election day
.blank stares, closed doors, lying  in front of mirror till it's believable @realDonaldTrump
Did you really vote against Relief for Sandy?   FYI Hurricanes are not partisan.
Never should have been out of session...
What we need to be talking about is FEMA, public hearings on Russia, and Republicans not undermining the rule of law.
Well Mike if I don't sound excited; Why should I u all have done NOTHING for US Except go on holiday breaks & collect a check ! For What ?
Congres is a club where member cite principles to derail the people's work and benefit & some deranged ones continually attacking @POTUS
Is @SenJohnMcCain going to have the knives ready for your collective backs?
I hope congress will actually work and not just bicker. Get to work congress
Congress back in session means, nothing gets done. American voters get screwed. Establishment politicians getting fat bank accounts.
Zzzzz......zzzzzzz.......zzzzz!?! Eh?, the people's work?  Who are they?  Oh, please!  Zzzzz .....zzzzzz.....zzzzzzzz.....zzzzz......
Average day in Congress: talk, call someone a bigot or racist, Russia, peaceful antifa, blame Trump for everything. Exhausting.
Congress take more vacations than they do working and us tax payers are paying for this!! This is one of the reasons why nothing gets done!!
And a pension for life with premium health insurance !!!!
@FoxNews whoever runs the feed at bottom of screen need to learn abbreviations for Alaska AK & Arkansas AR.
You all talk a lot and do nothing. Do storm relief, do healthcare, do tax relief. Congress needs to work. Or who needs you.
Sen Lee, as a Utah voter, I remind you that President Trump won the election. We want Obamacare repealed,Tax cuts, term limits or you gone!
Get a real job
Who cares #today what one "campaigned" on in the past? What matters #now, is what gets done for #US, i.e., #AmericaFirst. #StepUP or away.
Nothing. The same lack of performance that has characterized the Republican Congress for many years. You have let the American public down.
These comments tho. Ppl need 2 dig a little deeper, do some research for yourself. Stop relying on a single news outlet for your information
Back in session after a month break, and then a 12 day work-month?? And I'm paying you HOW MUCH? #PartTimeSenate #PartTimePay #YoureFired
Soooooo true, they all suck .....
fixed this for you with a visual:
HR 1520 pass this let our children come here and have the birthright they deserve
More division.
More intolerance.
Get something done...
Less people business.
Probably nothing cause you are all awful
More drama.
Nothing? Less than nothing? Blank sheet of paper could answer that. #AlmostTotallyUseless
More chaos!!
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump #HR496
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Sir, when will a motion be made and carried to have majority leader McConnell removed.  I would like to see you or Cruz assume that position
Yesssss! >@RandPaul would also be great. We MUST boot Paul Ryan, as he is destroying GOP by supporting Dem agenda. He's a crook.
About time they get something done for America
Smartest man in the Senate right here.
Did not know you were out. Nothing while you are in session the same result as out. What are you going to do differently?
12 days?! Smdh. You people are so overpaid! CUT THAT SPENDING!
#PartTimeSenate deserves #PartTimePay
YOU GUYS ARE WORKING 12 DAYS IN SEPTEMBER!??? How do you keep up the pace?
That's after a month off. #PartTimeSenate
How DO they do it??
Shamelessly.
Well said!
... a bunch of hemming & hawing with nothing getting accomplished?
Taxes, taxes, taxes.  Tell the RINOs to get it done!
We want the WALL built. We want the GOP to do your JOB. We want America First policies. Very few like you guys, get to work.

Please support President Trump... save our country.. he needs you and you need to keep your promise to repeal obamacare
We need to save country from loonies like you.
