#CHIP is past due! Day 25!
But you taking away my 401k, state & local taxes, mortgage. You are giving a lot to your donors. This isn't 4 us. This is for them & we pay.
One flat tax for all should be the norm. Additional tax credits only increase spitting out kids by the lazy welfare recipients.
What about lower and middle-class individuals/single people?  Do they not exist in your world?
@SenMikeLee endorses #RoyMoore

Note for posterity
Some positions this "natural ally" of @SenMikeLee has taken

homosexuality=beastiality
Islam="false religion"
Bible over Constitution in gov
Please. What bs. You are supporting @realdonaldtrump all the way. Bringing in Roy Moore to our Senate. #Impeach45 most.corrupt.admin.evah.
ARE YOU KIDDING.  NYT CALLS 100K RICH.  THAT IS TWO $50K COUPLE.  WHAT A JOKE.  CANT BUY A HOUSE IN A SUBURB WITH THAT INCOME OR PAY RENT.
What about relief for people on fixed incomes?
Mueller &Rosenstein need to be under oath, investigated & indicted

@RandPaul @SenRonJohnson @tedcruz @ChuckGrassley
Do ur jobs. Stop covering for criminals & help drain the swamp
Bureaucrats have hijacked the election to cover up RICO crimes by Obama Admin
The future of our republic at stake
No longer can we look away&pardon the crimes of prior administrations & 'move on'
The crimes grow worse
The only consistent bi-partisan acts by Congress for decades is the continual policy of 'Looking away' to cover for each other. It must end!
We cannot even trust our Justice Dept b/c unfireable Bureaucrats have been plugged in that do not work 4 GOP or DNC but rather the uniparty
Our Alphabet agencies have been hijacked by Neo-Con/Neo-Lib Bureaucrats whose only loyalty lies in protecting their statist core & globalism
rather than accountability to the American people and the Constitution

This shows the inherent flaws in the Pendleton Act & CSRA1978
LOWER INCOME PEOPLE DON'T PAY INCOME TAX.  THEY GET REBATES.  IF YOU WANT TO HELP LOW INCOME PEOPLE, MANDATE A TAX FREE INCOME LEVEL.
Affordable health care would be even more helpful.  Dig deep and rediscover principled leadership.
Drain the swamp? The white house has more swamp people than ever.
But your taking my house mortgage that’s all I have to deduct in paying for the rich they don’t need it
NO ONE IS RICH AT 70k OR EVEN 150K.....Can't even afford a house or better yet healthcare for that kind of money!

From FORBES: Want A Better Economy? History Says Vote Democrat! #SarahLiesLiesLies
https://www.forbes.com/sites/adamhartung/2012/10/10/want-a-better-economy-history-says-vote-democrat/#150c4b29cb44 …
Did you READ the article? This a copied quote from it: As of Now, G.O.P.’s More Specific
Tax Policies Tend to Benefit the Rich  DUH
Only a F&#*^ Crook wants to steal more from those that work. A flat tax with no deductions is the fair thing to establish. Charity works.
QUIT GIVING OUT FREE MONEY TO FOREIGNERS AND OTHER COUNTRIES, THEN MAYBE WE CAN PAY OUR BILLS AS A COUNTRY.
Comey committed perjury
Must be prosecuted
Nope. As a mom of 4, I owe my fair share of taxes. Give relief by cutting taxes for low-middle incomes, not just those with kids.
hopefully #maga
Why should childless support?  End earned income too.  No welfare thru tax code.  If don’t pay tax should not get more than u payed in!!!
Wrong. Low income families have little tax burden so credits don't help like your rich donor friends. More brackets, more deductions please.
The best way is to do a flat tax.
And what about those of us that have kids living at home but are to old for us to receive a “child” tax credit
Wasn't the federal govt being defrauded of billions from people fraudulently claiming child tax credit? I may be confused
Glad to see you’re linking an article that clarifies your position: tax breaks for the rich.
Lower taxes, same rate for all (no representation w/o taxation) spend only what is gleaned & break off our chains of debt is the best way.
WE PAY FOR IT ILLEGALS TOO. DEPORT THEM. BUILD THE WALL.
MY GRANDCHILDREN, VICTIMS OF CPS IN TEXAS, CONTINUE TO BE ABUSED BECAUSE OF YOU, AND CONGRESSMAN BURGESS.
Define lower & middle incomes. Why do you support the rich?
my husband and I have no deductions. We are in our 60’s. We pay high rent both work and pay way too much in tax. What is our tax reform.
So I don’t get a tax break?   Thanks!
Does this mean more will get back in their returns than they ever paid?
C'mon......you can do better than this.  Tax relief for ALL!
Costs the Country money for them having kids?? Not sure that’s fair.
Just lower taxes on everyone who pays taxes
That's not very limited government of you Mr. Lee!
“And poor people without children don’t deserve tax relief.”
#gop #taxreform
Reforming and expanding child tax credit is best way to deliver tax relief to lower- and middle-income families: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/17/upshot/tax-reform-winners-losers-child-tax-credit.html?smid=tw-share …
No. You’re wrong and out of touch with most of Americans
Thanks for the share @SenMikeLee 
Good article w/ some enlightening charts. 
I hope you try to help the middle class despite WH priorities.
Sen. Lee, what are we talking about in when we say "Lower- and middle-income"?  We need to define that 1st off.
Actually, doing away with the Federal Income Tax altogether and going to a Usage Tax is the best way to deliver Tax Relief to lower Income..
Just not a VAT tax.
Furnish child care to working families by charging reasonable fee, nothing to people not working. Incentive is necessary
And what about those with no kids? We need help too?
@FairTaxOfficial somebody better tell him.
The best way to deliver tax relief is to drastically reduce govt spending, have simple tax code, eliminate waste and fraud
Great for families but what about those who are single who chose not to have kids?
Hey! I don't have kids and I work my ass off! How about not forgetting about us! Why no tax breaks for this sect of the population????
so the estate tax is being repealed for...??
Doesn't this encourage lower income families to have more children?
No, no, no! Cut out all deductions/tax credits & lower the tax rates farther than you propose.
The middle class doesn’t need a $300 bonus check/tax credit from the govt.  we need better job opportunities with real wage growth.
What about people not have Children or not want Children. 
We The people family and Then government take care it family working to hell give government tax it and Then you say government give 
true but your plan only give real cuts to the top 1%. GOP tax plans don’t work (cont) http://tl.gd/no6us3 
IT BETTER NOT PAY FAMILIES WHO DON'T PAY ANY INCOME TAXES! THEIR KIDS ARE NOT MY RESPONSIBILITY!
This is the man you endorsed who blatantly lies about what is and what IS NOT law. U ppl are nuts.
Yeah, let's make the childless subsides those that consume more government services to a higher degree than they already do.
Bull,  Flat tax and Federal value added Tax.  Come on @SenMikeLee be honest!!
Awesome charts from nytimes.  Really helps  you see who is benefiting from each piece of the proposal.  Why are we repealing estate tax?
Just admit you and the rest of the @GOP have no intention what so ever to reform the idiotic tax code. Your donors won’t let you. Admit it.
A lot of FRUAD IN This Program,IRS SAYS 6 BILLION so it's probably 16 Billion!! Claiming so called KIDS in Mexico, kids they don't have BS!!
If your children are GROWN? Forget us Old Farts did you?
what about those that do not have children? ie: The Elderly? You should be finding a solution for everyone not just the ones in your ward.
You can also add in Single People who pay at a Higher Rate than People that are Married
There should be an award for "Most Misleading Graph"

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
