America'a Poor beg you not to pass this..OMG Please no.
Why can't the Senate slow down and draft a good healthcare bill?  After all, you've had eight years to think about it.  #GOPWealthCare
Good God, this got my hopes up for a moment. Then I saw the date. Sad
I think we can thank the fine folks at Ozark Indivisible for this.   Where's Boozman??
YES...doing it fast was how we got in this mess to begin with
They are not doing it fast, everyone gets to see it and comment, it's even on line.
I agree with this, the Healthcare Bill from Congress needs significant work & change. The Ins, Co's are uneasy , not knowing...
how has house not gotten together over last 8 yrs n absolutely refined the bill perfectly to a T?!  Total failure!! #DoYourJob
@GarrettforVA 
I'm on the other side of the aisle from you but I do appreciate your thoughtfulness on this matter.
wait for the changes, this bill is not good, rushed!!
🖒Repeal, Repeal, Repeal, then replace with options for individuals, no government involvement
Replace with a Republican bill will not help the people who need it. Republicans are only for millionaires and billionaires my God people
Sad you people can't or won't open your eyes and ears and see what's going on working people don't get anything from Republican
They knew that, was willing to change it to get through the senate. How hard is that to understand
Amen.
Constructive approaches and compromises are the key approaches here. Please move demonstrate rapid decision making
This is what the GOP does. The GOP is incapable of doing anything good for the Middle class.
Sorry the ACA wrecked my middle class home budget to the point I decided I had to go without insurance and pay the penalty.
Better idea: FIX Obamacare, don't replace it.
Can you get 60 ? If not then claiming to represent is a farse that keeps us with Ocare. Reconcile/phase good idea. Options ?
GOP can't govern
the GOP made sure to block ANYTHING President Obama did, what should make you any better?
Or when legislative & executive branches entirely controlled by Obama/Reid/Pelosi triumvirate?
No Obamacare like
good job Tom. Let them take time to get it right.
You're not getting it.  The idea is to REPEAL Obamacare, NOT replace it.

What part of "repeal" do you not get?
Tom cotton you had over Seven years to fix Obama care You lied to the American taxpayers.
Do your job or get outs tired of giving you chances. President Trump  feel bad for you..keep fighting.
yes sir, you're right! @hectormorenco
Please vote NO on the health care plan tomorrow. #HealthCareReform
Right on!  We want full repeal, not a rebranding of Obamacare!
@suartcat4 This is only the FIRST THIRD, am I wrong?
It is waaaaaayyyyyy too late for you to change your tone to get reelected.
considering Trump carried Arkansas with a massive majority I doubt he is worried.
Considering 1/3 of Arkansas is on Medicaid/Medicare, I'd readjust your expectations.
considering Obamacare was one of his main points and won...I'll stand by it.
The Jesus is indeed strong in Arkansas. No surprise they take $1.62 per person from fed for every $1 paid in.
you don't get it do you. Less than half of voters actually vote so your 1/3 is actually less.
This seems a smarter plan @SenRonJohnson
thank you. Please get gov out of the equation.

FOLLOW @NickDeSenso He Has Heart & Passion! A Voice For Us All. RT@Gingrich_of_PA @JackPosobiec @Cernovich #MAGA https://www.pscp.tv/w/a5LIyTFYSlFrZHlSbVZQS0x8MU1ZeE5MTEJlZ3lHd87ywwKdDV6MQcemCQ3Xf-wj9VFgbGR7Y88R6WJh9EI- …
Repub's  promised to Repeal & replace.  Please do what yoy said you would do.
DO WHATS RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE WHO CAN'T AFFORD HEALTHCARE......IF MASSACHUSSETTS CAN DO IT SO CAN THE FEDS!!!!
thank you
I'M A healthcare worker from Arkansas, you guys get on board and get this passed.
This has got to go now, work on it over the next two years.  I'm warning every Republican stop whining
Its going to lower costs, eventually allow competition across state lines, if you lose this round, its over
Exactly @SenTomCotton . Slower down or you will have it more screwed up than it already is!!!
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY ADULT LIFE - I FULLY AGREE WITH COTTON. @SpeakerRyan #TRUMPCARE WORSE THAN TRUMP UNIVERSITY
@SenMikeLee use the #DebtCeiling to force a more conservative health care plan.
Hey Tom, how about providing your constituents, (you know, the people you represent) with the same health care you have.
& recognize that getting it right isn't black & white. Free the market to compete first. One page bill. Then work on the rest.
Finally a repukican who knows how to work for his people
DONT FUCK UP AGAIN
Thanks for thinking this through and having empathy for your constituents. Placing country before party matters.
Agree.  Once again RINO's don't know that majority agree with Rand and @freedomcaucus
@MissyJoM Truth
@SenMikeLee If U have a Pre-Ex Cond and no current coverage at work or individual
@SenMikeLee If People can buy insurance after their sick then that's not how insure works ask Allstate agents
@SenMikeLee To buy over states lines a new statute would need to passed. Just like selling toasters across state lines
@SenMikeLee Hmm Anthem Bl X said get rid of the 30% penalty, create a nightmare I. Accounting
it's nice to see you grow a set, I saw your town hall. Sold hlth in 10yrs,do better
I promise you the voters are watching all of you.
u guys need to get on board with this president and get some work done. He is asking for input and just gets resistance.
@fm_smalls no support for Paul Ryan's raid on Medicare
@CarriWeatherwax 
Single payer is only fix.
LOOK
your iike the dog that Chased the car you caught it now what?
tax credit and medical savings accounts do not help many
Like you give a crap about this country, traitor.
, by "getting it right" needs to translate to MEDICARE FOR ALL.
They can't hear you. Their heads are too far up their own asses.
@dave_usmc two words:

Free

Market

Make it happen and we all win.
@KatiePavlich no just give @POTUS the 2015 repeal bill they already passed!!!!
Who thought healthcare would be so complicated... Who? Well just about every GOP congressman, that's who.
@nedryun better yet scrap the entire thing and turn it over to the free market.
Ryan and McConnell won't get paid until it's pushed through!
This ws campaigning complaining from @realDonaldTrump. He hates anything that has Obama's name attached to it. He comes in 2nd!
Its as good as the toilet paper they wrote it on! I say they use it for themselves and their families. UnAffordableNoCareAct
@SaveTheJobs I can't believe I partially agree with you. There's hope for the nation. Keep The ACA and improve on it.
Sarcasm aside, that's a bold strategy Cotton, lets hope it pays off.
If we removed Insurance companies and their insane profits every citizen in this country could have excellent care.
SAVE THE NHS BEFORE IT'S LIKE THIS
Why aren't we offering a reward for anyone who can produce a feasible #Healthcare #Insurance plan.

Do you want real solutions?
Would it not be worth it to offer a 4 million for a rock solid plan. Why are some considered unworthy of decent #Healthcare
thanks for having courage to  publicly oppose bill. Voters may vote 4u again even though they hate new plan
We the people deserve same coverage as you! Fight for the people of Arkansas, you work for us! #samecoverage
! Senator Cotton Thank You for saying that! SLOW DOWN! GET IT RIGHT THIS TIME! This will make or break President Trump!
l stop trying to delay. It's time for welfare states like Arkansas to get off welfare and get a job.
Get with new Republicans.
We elected Trump because we like his decisions. You continue to oppose and you will no longer be a Senator...just sayin
.@TomCottonAR But @RandPaul you sure got a nice tan on your break!
Do we have a politician who *heard* his constituents. @RandPaul take note. U had 1 townhall where half  R not in UR district!
You Repubs are all wrong - any bill that takes away health care from us is not going to pass. You all lack compassion
also make the members of congress be forced to use the new health care bill. No special plans for Congress!!
You'll vote for it anyway, you liar!
@tedcruz Leverage the 60-vote phase 3 bills against reconciliation. "Pass 3 first, THEN we'll pass Rec." Otherwise, ph 3's DOA.
why are you taking the easy way out; if the Senate has changes make them
Good news. Thank you for putting your constituents first. Now fix the ACA. You already have millions covered. Improve it.
thank you! We want #FullRepeal not #RinoCare
REINSTATE MENTAL HEALTH PARITY! Otherwise sick people will simply be thrown in jail. A boon for the private prison industry....
Trumpcare has no chance of passage.  The House Repubs. can fiddle with it forever.  We like and want Obamacare.
...@GOP @SpeakerRyan need to cross aisle to work with Dems to improve existing ACA for American ppl...2018/2020 is coming.....
Wow there is a border-line sane person in politics.
exactly sir!  Thank you We were told we would not be forgotten again;  took < 2 months #healthcare new boss same as old boss
YES!  Thank you, sir.
Your party's common denominator is not fiscal conservatism, but racism. Your factions can't stick together economically.
They know the GOP will be busy with the impeachment soon, so best ram it through now!
@brennaculliton I think you mean the health-careful bill...
it's being pushed thru quickly w/out hearings BECAUSE it's pure shit- nothing but a dressed-up tax cut 4 the GOP's rich donors
Please get it right or I'm in Bigly trouble back home!
Tom, dare I hope that you are coming to your senses? Please don't let this horror pass
Good work Mr.Cotton.
Stop #TrumpCare and fix it, please.
I thought the 3 step process was very understandable.  Don't think you can get 60 votes for all at once.
Healthcare is a birthright and should no longer be run by greedy insurance companies. #SinglePayer is the answer.
Oh Tom. This is just one of your ploys to look like you "tried" when 2018 election rolls around. You know you'll vote for it.
@rootbeer06 
Did they get back to you? Did you push harder? Going to be interesting to watch your moves. But for now, thanks.
#resist
I greatly appreciate the logical outlook on this. Thank you for keeping a level head.
PLEASE. get it right, and get ANY incentives 2 hosp for owning dr practice, hospitalist OUTallows monopoly
Thanks for facing the crowd & listening. You're one of the few getting it right. My dad was from Forrest City & he'd be glad.
As per @seanspicer if the bill has less pages it's a good bill. @MSNBC reports this bill would only hurt sick & poor. @GOP=

#FullRepeal
The phrase you are looking for is "use a fresh sheet of paper", Tom, you traitor.
Thank you, @SenTomCotton !!    From a die hard Democrat!!   I have been impressed since your Town Hall Meetings!!  Thanks Again
he listens to the people
why can't self-employed, small business be free to choose a large group healthcare? That problem would be solved.
Ha! Good luck. Last time a Republican thought they got healthcare 'right' was Mitt Romney, which is what they modeled ACA on.
The only thing that'd fix or replace ACA is single-payer. Anything else will lead to a eugenicist's wet dream of death tolls.
Listen to your constituents, not Washington crew.
the RIGHT changes or none.
I agree
THANK YOU!!!!!!!  This was needed.
Yes! Slow down, we have waited eight years for this chance. Do not mess it up!
Applause!
Thank you for fighting for what's best for the American people   #CountryOverParty
@slone Full #repealobamacare can be done w/ reconciliation! Replace in stages!
thank you. This is too important of an issue to go straight party lines on. Please remember that if it comes to a vote.
@ezraklein yeah..they didn't listen #medicare4all
Good for you Senator Cotton.
@slone don't fix it don't revamp or replace just repeal the damn thing. Not constitutional by any measure.
they have had at least 6 years to come up with a plan and this is the best they can do? Hamsters
Looking ahead to 2018??  Don't worry ... You're out.
Just saw this on TRMS. I would like to believe you heard your people & that you thought about it all and came up w this. TY.
thank you for speaking out. You are listening to your constituents. Those who don't will be out of a job. cc @HouseGOP @GOP
Good for you!finally caring for the people you work for.Dont forget it if you want to be reelected.People will die if u get this wrong
Fix the current plan. Leave your ego at the door.
Save our healthcare!!!!!
THANK YOU. Have u noticed rich win&poor lose/millions will lose care.Plz talk sense2others.All MD/Rn/hospitals r against it.
ALL of you better figure it out if you guys want to stay in control
Wise advice. The country is not in a hurry. In the meantime, we can deport at least 13000000  illegal immigrants
amen.
Thank you, Senator!  This is horrible legislation.
Please help us convince the rest of AR delegation of this.  They are MIA!!!
I blame SEAN HANNITY. He was flipping out 2 weeks ago, telling Congress to hurry up and get Obamacare fixed!
.@TomCottonAR government needs to get out of the way (for sure and quickly) and let markets arise.  Repeal effective 9/30 and do it today.
thank you. Stand for what's right. #trumpcare is terrible. Don't let this bill pass. Push for a market based alternative
.@TomCottonAR Meh.  Fast.  Furious.  (Just not Fast and Furious).  #getitdone #keepyoupromises #repeal #filibustetisbollocks
@Deanofcomedy Tom Cotton is scared to death of his political future! All Hail Town Halls!!!
Repeal Replace the WHOLE thing or just let Obama Care Implode!
you clueless fool!
Only time I have agreed with you . Need to strengthen ACA .
@JaxDeeDee Tom you're surprising me,Must be that town hall exp.
@SenMikeLee from Utah, against this repeal! Your constituents want healthcare for all! Give us no less than what you receive!
the conservative plan would envoke the Byrd rule. Where are you going to find 60+ votes?
yes, people before party, people before revenge!
. I PRAY TO GOD THEY LISTEN TO YOU! IF NOT THERE WILL BE MANY LOOKING FOR ANOTHER GIG COME 2018 AND 2020! GET IT RIGHT!
. THANK GOD THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO STILL PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! REASON BEFORE PASSION! AND PEOPLE BEFORE ECONOMIC INTERESTS!!!
You have no idea how much I respect you for saying this. Now if you can convince your colleague @SenCoryGardner to follow suit.
They've had SEVEN YEARS, and the best they can come up with is crap. They have no interest in getting it right.
How can they expect to pass something no one has vetted or analyzed? Thx for taking a stand.
absolutely #get it right
Yes. Get the feds OUT of healthcare. Not in their expressed powers.  Send a message to the people that govt. is too big.
@ScotsFyre I rather a bill that is slow and gets it right than rushed. Listen to @RandPaul, @SenMikeLee, @SenTedCruz and others
LOL! If only there was someone who could have warned us that Health Care was a complicated 
@SenMikeLee
Is it true problem is Senate Dem #Resistance is forcing @SpeakerRyan to use reconciliation + HHS Admin + future Legsltn  @TomCottonAR
They don't care about getting it right, they just want to be able to say they repealed Obamacare.
Their bill keeps a lot of the rules of Obamacare intact.
Oh, speaking of which, what's #Trumpcare's CBO?
@ezraklein Ezra, you do know this means "make it worse?"
So all of you get together & make needed changes! This has to get done now! No more bs, have waited long enough!
please back the President this is the first step.
Amen !!!! Do it right, repeal and do it right otherwise you are just Democrats
