Have you read the constitution? There's a separation of religion and state. As a Senator I would figure you'd know that...
The Constitution prohibts religious tests 4 office precisely to protect religion FROM govt. But "separation of church & state"  isnt in it.
I have no problem with religious people. I have a problem with people who want *their* religion entwined with the US govt.
Name three.
Thanks but no thanks.
So you CAN'T. Thought so. Thanks for playing.
That must be it
Call out the bigots by name. The time for playing nice is over. The progressive war on people of faith has gone on for years. #FightBack
Progressives aren't at war w/Christians.  We just insist everyone follow Constitution, laws of USA.  There are MANY progressive Christians.
8 years of Obama DOJ attacking Christian bakeries, florists, & photographers says otherwise. Diane Frankenstein is just a continuation.
Oh BS.  Federal government is obligated to enforce laws of the land, including anti-discrimination laws.  If someone discriminated against you or your family/friends, I would be just as keen for you to get justice.
Liberal agenda include ,mocking,lying,removing core values,bibble out of school,promoting gay behaviorism. Basically destroy US.
That's a crock.  Separation of Church and State. read Constitution, follow it.  The mocking, lying is done by extremists on all sides.
Not to mock you. But the ban was intended to keep Congress from establishing a state religion. Not to keep people of faith out of government
That's twisting the letter and intent.  Separation of church and state is just that, no more, no less.  If one religion is favored all others lack.  We all get to decide, free from persecution.  People of faith can be in government, of course.
Understand the democrats want God out of everything, even their lives, no rules to live by, alright to lie, steal, cheat
Democrats do NOT believe in no rules, stealing, cheating. We believe in everyone following the law, Constitution, Bill of Rights. Stop lying
We are sick of religion being shoved down our throats. People's religious beliefs have no place in judicial decisions or in government.
Amen!  I wish you were Speaker of the House!  Ryan is a globalist.
Actually Ryan is in the House and Sen. Lee is in the Senate. We would rather Sen. Lee replace McConnell as Senate Majority Leader.  :)
You're so right. My mistake. Regardless, we love Mike Lee and we want McConnell & Ryan replaced.
Amen to that.
by a blk person but by a wht person when I was running for office.
I was told I was unfit for office because I belive in right to carry arms
of any religen. That protects people rights not gov rights.
This country was founded be people of diff faiths. They worked togeather.
There is a movement to stop this.
Outside of you  Ted Cruz  Rand Paul   our entire government is wrong.
This is great. Thank you Senator Lee.
No, it's more persecution of non-religious Americans and other religions.  There is NO persecution of Christians.  Only adhere to our laws.
Probably they shouldn't be trying to legislate their religion on everyone else. Jews don't try to ban you from buying ham!
I have been forbiden/threatened for saying merry Christmas
I was called a raciest for talking about poverty and crime not
Thank you for addressing this disturbing pattern exhibited by elected government officials.
The hostility towards people of faith is really hostility towards the 'privilege' of people's faith. Pretending otherwise is dishonest.
IRONICALLY THE SAME ILK FORMED OUT REPUBLIC!!! #FaithlessCriminals
As is the long-established pattern of hostility shown by people of faith towards the non-religious. Let's all be kinder.
Bot
Nope, I just don't tweet often because arguing with strangers is unproductive. Have a peaceful day.

My understanding of const is seperation of church and state being necessary congress shall not make any laws prohib free praticinng
Justice is a double edge sword. It depends on who is swinging it.
This tweet..... SMH
Also, that article is a straw man. The concern is that that judge intends to enforce bible law & not constitutional law.
The growing pattern of hostility toward people who aren't Christian is worse.
Let's hear your best example of hostility toward non-Christians.
But hey, you keep on believing that Christians are all persecuted in this country there, fella.
I could link to many stories of Christians being persecuted for their faith, but I don't think it would matter to you.
I can go on and on but I will close for now, and just add thank you for your hard work. And fight for what we belive in . Vance
Our whole const. country, and us are all under attack and it is comming from within.
To all those, John 3:16 God loves you whether you love him or not so your hatred is heaping coals on your own heads, and you are true bigots
Reason:  Evangelicals turned out to be among the World's Greatest Hypocrites in their un - Christ-like support of Trump;  a Perp of 7 Sins.
Loud Mike forgetting that Jefferson reminds us all that there is SUPPOSED TO BE A WALL BETWEEN CHURCH AND STATE! Repeal and replace Mike.
You mean like Muslim and Jewish people?
1.  Name them and Shame Them.
2.  See #1.
3.  See #2

Thought better of Mrs. Feinstein, though.  Disappointed.
Very concerning!
Not right people are attack for their religion. @SenFeinstein went way too far.
By faith you mean Christian, right? Bigot.
There is no place for religion in the progressive planed U.S.

Who would think that only ISIS hates a Christian ?
OMG you are an embarrassment to the people if Utah. You and your buddy Palin are equally insane. Leave religion out of our politics
When wicked eternal hell demons literally embody your colleagues there is not much you can do to stop them
I would agree.  There is no religious litmus test!!
Lee lies as he supports the racist supremacist ideals of tRump/Pence. He follows the discrimination hidden in "religeous freedom"
Missing the boat here. Attacks are on people of color, not religion. Racism coming from WH.
Leave your faith at home and in your church where it belongs when you enter public office.
Thank you--well said
Great answer to  @SenFeinstein
and Bernie Sanders and all who are crawling on religious rights. Thank you.
You are spot on.
🕇🕇🕇
Mike lee is an embarrassment to Utah voting against aid to hurricane victims. Time for him to go!
Religious belief do not belong in government. Separation of church and state is what you need to learn.
So do something about it.

Maybe those ppl of faith should stop being assholes. White evangelical 'christians' give Jesus a bad name. I think u confuse him w/ Lucifer.
Bot
Yes it is, but then I'm sure 99% of those questioning claim to be devoted christians each time their asked.
Dude, are you still tripping over the make-believe #waronChristmas? It never happened. Time to get a grip, Mike.
First Sanders, now Feinstein and Durbin.  Progressives are really the intolerant ones. Thanks for all you do in the Senate.
Leftists further degrading the fabric of our society from within....fight it and stop it. Thanks for all you do!
Christian religious zealots are constantly trying to codify their religious beliefs into law! This line of questioning is appropriate!
It's your job to confirm that nominees understand separation of church and state. Their faith is irrelevant.
And why did u vote against aid for Harvey victims? When Utah gets its big earthquake, do u not want us to get an aid package?
#SpendingNazi
In one post people can discriminate based on beliefs  (cake shop), on this one don't discriminate on beliefs (nomination). 
Speaking of hostility.
Address gun violence.
Your right to have and bear arms does not override my right to live safely.
Freedom of religion means I don't force my beliefs on  you. And you don't force yours on me.
Including pro choice.
Hi Mike Lee.
Please come to Sandy Ut for a town hall.
We'd like to discuss religious intolerance, relating to pro choice and not christian
I just had a Trump supporter on Twitter who threatened myself and others that he was going to shoot us within 48 hours, now that's Violence.
And against the law, when law makers break the law as ours do there is not much hope for our country, God will not favor their actions
I thought there was not supposed to be a religious test? Right!  Only if you want to work for Trump
Support our PRESIDENT!
Then do something about it-you all say a lot of great stuff but never act-hard to take the GOP seriously anymore.
Cuz it's not a theocracy there boss man
What's next? Deny a gov job 2 anyone that DOESN'T worship gov? Feinstein & Durbin R what's wrong w/DC, they pretend high moral righteousness
Imagine the hostility an atheist would face.
This is incredibly #ignorant and selfishly #biased. Embarassed that you rep my state 
They think they're sooo inclusive - until it matters
Absolutely!!!
Yes it is
Yes it is
Senator, why is Dan Barker of the Freedom From Religion Foundation repeatedly denied a chance to give a secular invocation?
Anti-Christ libs hate Christians
Seems like an important question to me. We need to know that fact above believe is followed.
People have "faith" in certain philosophies like Communism which is total bull shit yet use those ideas in their decision and law making
So much in the country is wrong now.I feel bullied as a conservative, as a woman, as a white woman, as a worker.I'm tired of putting up w/it
And is not consistent with Article VI of the document every Senator swore, or affirmed to support and defend.
Separation of church and state. Besides only fools believe in God.  I believe in science.
Not only wrong but unconstitutional. But democrats don't know what that means.
agree
Any senator who attacks a christian for their faith should be censored and removed from the panel. Disgusting.
Amen to that
wake up @realDonaldTrump is our last chance to save our country.
Is Scientology faith? Voodoo? Astrology? Tea leaves & chicken bones? Magic? Mysticism? Gaia? Surely you can see what the concern is.
Bot
Seperation, bud!
Let's keep track of these Congressmen. They are no good.
So Mike stand up for the truth!
Sir Control The Money and Balance The Money Sir We Love you. 
If you weren't all hypocrites and liars who continue to try and push your religious beliefs on us through government maybe it'd be different
God will make a way!!!!!!
Do something about the problem and stop just talking about it. We the people are tired of this crap. That's why Trump got elected.
Balance power and project Sir God Bless you all 
well it's more than wrong, it's unconstitutional. There can never be a religious test for office, Article VI. For or against.
solve fair equal together one family
Do Team Work together Sir We Love you too 
Well in all honesty I have found that the "people of faith" are most often the biggest liars and hypocrites. #GOP
cuts
Now please Sir all of your it's very important to all citizens together and Country all lives Matter what please get tax reform done and tax
Imagine if GOP attacked someone for being too queer
The reverse is more likely. Those who don't wear God on their sleeve are denigrated/destroyed by so called "believers". Religious wars-bad
Your def of religious tolerance (i.e. letting people discriminate) is un-American. Religions get a LOT of breaks (no taxes!) that I pay for.
.its separation of church(or people of faith)& state u should applaud Senate 4upholding constitution hostile? Judgywudgy
So a person with a religious belief should be disqualified from working in government?
You would probably be surprised to learn that they used to use the capitol building as a Church.
I don't need to know someone's religious beliefs for 99% of senate confirmation hearings and neither do you.  Don't ask, don't tell
One of the most important issues facing the country!! 
Let's dress them all to look like Karl Marx and their confirmation will fly right thru the senate with complete Dem support
Woe unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! ...[ye] outwardly appear righteous unto men but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity
The epitome of enlightened thought has been discovered!
The growing pattern of people of faith cherry picking their religious beliefs is sickening.
Grow up. Nobody is persecuting you. They may call you a hypocrite but far from persecution
Democratic Party is the party of religious bigotry
PART OF JEWISH NWO.
Thank you, and Godspeed!
To be expected, no?!
Like the republicans against muslims?
And as @SenateGOP Why don't you do something about it? It's prejudicious and I thought that was illegal? No wonder @POTUS working with dims
You'll have to call out your colleagues by name and go after them at the time of the infraction.  Bitching abt it on twitter solves nothing
Then what are the rest of us doing here lol?
I agree 100% Senator
Bowing to liberal culture is an act of anti - Christian ideology. They fear Pres Trump & any Christians in the White house. Truth & justice
#FAKECHRISTIANS
The Progressivist mime against Christians is pure hypocrisy. 99% of Christians are honest and peaceful, yet hated more than Muslims.
Which is exactly what Jesus prophisized.  Stay strong in your FAITH!
There is no way Jesus would be standing beside @gop or @SenMikeLee
And you base that assumption on.... what?
He told us to make peace, love sinners, forgive those who do us wrong. Note I didn't say he'd be a democrat. But they sure seem closer to me
Also said to not fellowship with unrepentant sinners.  The DNC's love of LGBQ and abortion makes them God's enemies.
And besides that, we are to love sinners by leading them AWAY from Sin into God's loving Grace.
Welp, I guess you've got it all figured out. Say hi to god for me!
I don't think is hostility towards religion People demand separation of church & state No religion should be allowed to influence politics
Personal religious beliefs do not degrade the separation - they haven't in almost 230 years. Personal beliefs define political positions,no?
wha? how about their inability to do the job they're up for?
Let me remind everyone what Hillary & DEMs say re Christian Catholics...@Pontifex @cnalive @USCCB @CatholicNewsSvc @catholicEW @DNC
At least we've got Mike lee in congress.  Him and a handful of others.
It's also unconstitutional
Scary
Especially Muslims
How many muslims are seeking confirmation lol?
