this is why I will never vote for you. I am one of your constituents and I am watching you.
Why is it a problem for a Senator to meet with an Ambassador?
Because he was using the visit to try and get Trump elected and undermine US security. He's a traitor.
As a constituent of yours, I expect a much more robust response to this Dem attack.  You guys need to quit being mealy-mouthed.
You better start investigating Trump. He's nuts,  c'mon... You want to be associated with a loony tune?
shocking to see "so called" conservatives bowing to libs & giving them exactly what they want. who's words will they twist next?
Trusting a liar not a good way to reach your stated goal of "Please help me restore constitutional leadership to Washington!"
You should demand AG Sessions resignation for lying under oath.
No reason to.  Please defend him against this partisan witch hunt.
Senator Lee - This is a FIGHT worth having  AG Sessions NEEDS to oversee this Tainted Department #lockstockbarrel
do you know Sessions? Are you from the South?! Do you know one of his fellow AL SENATORS voted against him to become a judge???
Twice #Sessions said he would recuse himself, which was not necessary. The AG needs a stift backbone, no Dem would do the same!
Sessions is a Traitor!! If you support him, you are too!!
This is a partisan witch hunt!
Federalism isn't working as it shud. States like Fla deprive ppl's due process & equal protection rights under law @USAGSessions
Really disappointed Chaffetz, I thought he was on our side.  Quick to cover his own ass & not defend Trump on trumped up charge.
Not only should you asked that he recused himself. If guilty of perjury, you must ask him to resign. Nation over party sir.
he should not have done this as it only adds to the false allegations.
I trust you to be a a RINO backstabber!!
#resign
. Recusing himself is not taking responsibility for his own non disclosure during senate hearing. Must be accountable
you better find a way to shut Obama and his planted minions down or nothing will ever get done. Everyday it's just more dem crap
STAND UP THEN AGAINST DEMS!Fight on behalf of Sessions and everyone the Dems are going after,please
@wsheeder @YouTube well he has so it must be warranted.
I forgot,  he holds himself to a much higher standard than the  buffoons we've had for the last 8 years.
yea,I know the country has been absolutely destroyed,chaos were getting taken over by Russia and Goldman Sachs!
You trust him, have full confidence in him, just like so-called potus hours before he fired him?  Your words mean nothing
Did Loretta Lynch?
-why are you allowing those trying to carry out this coup to perpetuate this bogus Russia lie!  Tell them NO!
Your response = lame, lamer, lamest.
That's the best you can do? This was an easy way to show that you can put country ahead of party, and you failed.
Senator Lee: You are putting partisanship above the interests of your nation. Period.
PEOPLE THIS IS FAKE CALL THEM OUT ON IT. JEFF HAS DONE NOTHING WRONG........
Be bold-when 4 people in the Trump camp have lied about ties to Russia, it's time for you to stand up ask that he recuse himself
Stop playing party politics. The man lied under oath. He needs to be removed not trusted. Come on Senator!!
You have "full confidence" in someone who just committed perjury? He should resign.
Sessions should recuse himself now without delay.
News Flash: It's Warranted!
If Democrats get back into power, we will have one party rule for the next century.... don't give up power to them.
If you guys want to let Democrats trick you out of power then go ahead.  They didn't call for Loretta Lynch or Holder to recuse.
I hope u don't fall for democrats tricks ...they'll investigate for the next 4 year if you allow them and nothing get done.
Fox and hen house.
@POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  @SpeakerRyan dems dictating your policy with media,give them something to do,full repeal obamacare
Country over party, Mike. This Russian stuff becoming more and more clear. Jump ship before it's too late.
#Sessions I support AG Sessions. Shumer and his ilk are vile sore losers and hate true patriots.
Would you trust him if he was a Democrat who had lied under oath to Congress? You are the walking, talking embodiment of jello.
you are going to stand by someone who has lied under oath??
I rescind my comment. Sessions was professional and reasonable in his press conference announcing his decision to recuse himself
And his explanation of his answer to the question of Russian contact during his confirmation hearings was understandable.
you are trusting a liar? Can't wait to grill you abt this at a townhall Mtg. 84121.
#ThankYou #LunchTime #AmericaUnited #AmericaFirst
 We #Trust #DOJ @jeffsessions 100% to do what is right and #true for #America.
As much as you trusted him not to lie under oath?
So "when warranted" now means "when publicly exposed?" Ethics are internal @SenMikeLee - not a function of 'when the press comes calling'
wow.trusting someone who openly lied under oath to congress that is recorded in the media. wrong side of history.
you need to verbally support enforcement of that if needed
Partisan witch hunt by desperate Dems Sen McKaskell met some Russians too in course of Sen duties, forgot Resign too?
Not enough - it is a felony and punishable by law to lie under oath!!  @SenMikeLee @YouTube
Which he didn't....

Context is everything
stupid #sessions
Another graduate of Trump University that majored in Ethics.
So, your position as a Senator is that the executive branch can check itself because you 'trust them' to make the right call?
it's a bit of a stretch to draw that conclusion.
trust is a funny word to use for someone who just committed perjury.
Look up the meaning ...Hillary Clinton, Loretta Lynch committed perjury ... Holder censured by Congress for lying.
The latest smear campaign and targeted attack by the failing Democrat party.
