You literally hid in a locked room, wrote a bill on a napkin and voted on it without letting anyone read it.  We won't forget.
I'm guessing your anger was the same when ObamaCare passed without allowing time to read it.
Considerably less. You know, with the over a year it was debated and worked on, the Republican additions and all.
I think you must have flunked history class.  Reps put up a ton of ammendment but Dems never brought them forward for debate.
This WAS debated for over a year.
And it was still a miserable failure.
Could you be more specific? I agree it has a long way to go to be perfect. Do you have examples of HOW to improve healthcare?
Repeal the whole thing and focus on changes that lower cost of delivery.   It's health care not insurance.   We put a man on the moon.
Only people who think they are a political tool.  I'm sure that if you read their reports you would understand how they come to their number
Since they are quite far off in most cases, how can they be taken seriously by anyone?
Please provide citations and sources for this claim.
I had to show my work when doing math.  Why not CBO?
You mean like how republicans showed their work on healthcare? #hypocrite #hypocrisy
How do you think we got the ocare disaster ? Look back to 2010 and see if you can honestly make that statement.
I seriously doubt that tweeter fellow was a member of Congress in 2009-2010. So he most definitely can make that statement.
Like Trump shows his taxes? Like the GOP allows debate and input on their "health" bill? Sure, the CBO is the problem...
Can't throw the health bill card because already played by BHO and dims to create disaster ocare
I dont know what BHO is, but there was plenty of transparency,  HEARINGS, and debate, not to mention REPS amendments on ACA.
Barrack Hussein Obama! Geesh! There was no debate in public between both parties.  Passed using parliamentary trickery in dark of night!
No debate? https://www.c-span.org/video/?288323-1/presidential-town-hall-meeting-health-care …
No debate? https://www.c-span.org/video/?292260-1/white-house-health-care-summit-part-1 …
Conference not debate
"no debate in public between both parties"

I posted videos showing literal public debate between parties.
It's the Congressional Budget Office. It's how congress shows ITS work. The GOP whines every time they get an answer they don't like.
They should still see the guts behind the numbers.
Do something now. The President is UnfitToRule - He should have been removed ages ago. Never been chosen. You know it. #TrumpResign #Unfit
Yes, so we can see the errors, biases and stupid assumptions in their work.  So wrong on Obamacare.  Probably in all past work too.
Who else can't find your Charlottesville statement on Twitter?
who else thinks a supreme court justice has no business speaking at trump's hotel ?
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
the cbo needs to be abolished...BIG waste of money...no longer objective
Who else thinks the Republican Party should call out @realDonaldTrump for his continued vitriolic rhetoric that gave life to #Charlotsville?

the CBO HAS shown its work.
the GOP has not
.@realDonaldTrump Superiority & Antagonism was bred in you.
#Move2Remove
#NoSalute45 @POTUS enemy of conscious & compassionate evolution 
The CBO stands for Corrupt Bullshit Opinions
I love it when trailer trash uses foul language!
I love it when bot account pretend to be real people.
I love it when people from foreign countries try to write in English.
Do you ever advocate policy that would help the poor and the middle-class? 
Why? It was all wrong, quit using them to decide policy. Their predictions are like throwing duplicate! I understand what Lee is saying????
You mean it doesn't?  Hire me and I'll sort it
Who else thinks #POTUS should have to take a mental evaluation? Who else thinks #Trump should finally show his tax returns? And Russia?
Who else thinks republicans are enabling a Racist Russian sympathizer in the White House  Republicans and Confederates not much difference
Investigate Soros funding Antifa!
Mr Senator I'm surprised, you've not mention anything about Charlottesville!!
Let's trust Trump's math instead.  That's funny Mike.
CBO to show it's work? 
Is this math class?
Paranoia is scary I know,however facts/numbers do not lie
Why is the GOP afraid of factual data?
I trust the CBO. They offer good estimates + projections 4 bills.  As they r not crystal balls, they r not 100%accurate. U just try 2 doubt
The CBO is useless. They are ALWAYS wrong.
You probably believe Fox news and Trump tv.
And what did republicans finally come up with; less Coverage for higher cost and nice big tax cut for the money people. Genius!
The 8th round to correct the disaster of Obamacare.  #DumpObamaCare is about the only solution.  Not appropriate in USA, or any free nation.
You mean when you show which lobbyist is paying to give it tax breaks? They're honest. You are the liar.
CBO should be eliminated!! All GOP establishment that keep raising spend and debt need to be replaced. Mike please lead the big issues!
It's like Common Core Math--the answer may be wrong, but if you can show your work....
CBO provides a transparent look at assumptions used for modeling.
In the report's secret appendixes?  CBO has yet to be accurate on anything... go figure.  Use Junk Logic, get Junk Reports. @WarrenDavidson
ouch my side hahaha... have you convinced your boy to give up his tax returns yet... then we'll work on the non-partisan career staff
Why are you silent on Trump's dangerous racist rhetoric?
Further as a Christian why no response to Nazi White Supremacy
It wouldn't matter to you if they did show their work. You would still claim alternative facts!
Of course.  I thought they had to.
YES! Show US citizens a weekly report published in PDF download form for EVERY SINGLE BIT of business Congress oversees: plus votes on each!
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/897066356738228225 …
Nazis, Russia, Fox & The GOP: Some Assembly Required. #RealNews (Threads within Threads)
https://twitter.com/ahamiltonspirit/status/896804367319302144 …
"Supporting Trump at this point does not indicate a difference of opinions. It indicates a difference of values." Harper's Bazaar 8/11/17
Screw the CBO! A bunch of twits who sit around all day "scoring" crap with unrealistic numbers.

We pay for CBO, we should have the right to see its data.
RT -
you sir are the definition of swamp.
"You have to pass it to know what's in it"  Do all you (resisters) remember who said it and what the subject was about?
Do they use CommonCore math? Showing the work is half the credit but the wrong answer is still accepted!
Wait....they currently don't have to? Who's the brilliant one who made it so they *don't* have to show their work?
Now you are really on to something. For years we have been told the CBO is the guru of every DC economic issue known yet are they really?
Absolutely- particularly because they have been so wrong!
Transparency with all math and algorithms online
CBO has proven in error too much, time for review of its standards.
Absolutely!
Get back to work. You left unfinished business : Health Ins., tax reform, balanced budget, wall, infrastructure... remember?!
Damn right they should..... don't they work for the Legislature???? If no open data, then FIRE them...
Will the CBO have to score this bill?  
How does it feel to know you will have taken part in the decimation of the planet by doing nothing to stop 45. You should start repenting!
I hope ppl will wake up see you for what you are, party over country person who still supports a POTUS that's mentally deranged.
I'm so sorry and I apologize to my friends family and god for voting for you. I thought you were smarter than to support a bill that kills
Thanks for your continued fight for #TaxReform17.  Flat tax-yes.  Death  tax, Ocare tax-no. Downsize IRS-yes.  With you, we #FightForLiberty
PEOPLE VOTED & ELECTED CONGRESS & SENATE GOP 2 WORK 4 FORGOTTEN MAN
1 MILLION VOICES & + IN DC MALL
WORLD WITNESS IT
Sounds like a plan; but, only if Congress agrees to do the same thing with their Legislative Proposals; like it's recent Health Care Bill.
Why can't this information be shared on your site so more Americans can better understand how Washington works http://opensecrets.com 
Obamacare figures put out by the CBO Proves they are hacks tied in with the Democrat Party.
@freedomcaucus - reintroduce House Bill of 2016 - HR 1777 - saves tax payers $2 million a year per CBO ! just do it !
Flat tax for singles and business, eliminate ACA taxes, eliminate the IRS, eliminate death tax. 
#TaxReform17 #FightForLiberty
Right after this is done http://www.humortimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Boehner-logos-TalkRadioNewsService1.jpg …
u wouldn't understand it anyway.
Automatic F if they don't!
The tax code is a political weapon, unfit for a free people and impossible to understand. We demand REAL #TaxReform. #FightForLiberty
So should the freedom caucus. Just a bunch of pork.
@freedomcaucus @dcexaminer Show your work or you won't get credit. Just like every math class you ever took.
Tax Reform should include:
*Flat tax rates for singles
*Flat tax rates for businesses
*Downsize the IRS
#TaxReform17
#FightForLiberty  
Also pretty sure they would take your call.  Ask.
2/2 .."Members of Congress, their staff, and outside analysts can understand the results and question the methodologies used."
FYI. Check out CBO's site. "CBO’s publications go well beyond simply presenting results;insteadthe agency explains the basis of its findings
Show us how the sausage is made.
Communist Budget Office....
Why are you trying to politicize this? Is it because the non-partisan CBO is not falling in line with your misguided and corrupt agenda?
In grade school, my teachers would take points off if I didn’t show my math, regardless if I got the right answer. #HoldTheCBOAccountable
Who else thinks the @USCBO should be abolished? CBO has outlived its methods & can't estimate anything.
#Flattax #TaxReform.  Lower taxes and simple tax code. #FightForLiberty.
I think the CBO should be shut down. THEY ARE ALWAYS WRONG!  Save us some money...abolish them.
Nooo!!  They lied to us before!!  What makes you think they would tell the truth if they show work?   Shut it down!!
Personally I think Trump should show his taxes and no bills should be hidden and wrote in a locked room maybe you can work on that first?!
You're just looking for ways to use semantics to argue about the figures & FUBAR the results, am I right? You don't fool us!
More Fake News Mr Lee ?
The CBO's budget should be cut by 65% they are never accurate, just bureaucrats
Show GOP's work for TaxCutsPayForThemselves #FakeNews. It's been 60+ years without a SINGLE GOP PotUS that left office with a LOWER deficit!
Why?  So every lobbyist in DC can try to pick it to shreds or spin it to advantage their clients?
Ok Mike, I c u received $$ from Idea PAC, a Democrat/Liberal lobby group. Which side of the aisle r u on?
Perhaps you could review his voting record and wouldn't have to ask.
I think he's a wolf in sheep's clothing..
Have you taken the time to look up his voting record? Rhetorical question answer is obvious.
He's pissed abt some stupid argument he and Trump had over his friends father...
I did a couple days ago, can't remember anything significant, why what's ur point?
I think all government agencies should be audited
The CBO should show their work.
Remember to vote him and Sen Chris Stewart lying to App Comm to KILL our WILD HORSES & sabotaging their water to KILL for ranchers!
You never needed it BEFORE TRUMP but now don't trust your own government? GOP radicals like YOU are constitutional crisis to stop! ENOUGH!
Yes, make them accountable.  I appreciate your conservative efforts in congress.  Your a gem.  from Texas
Absolutely
Absolutely! If they are doing their job properly they won't have a problem showing their work. Just like in school!
Who else thinks that Mike Lee should show his work? Lies and more lies about how tax breaks for billionaires create wealth for all....
I do
I recall Hillary winning by a landslide in the polls.  I really don't trust the liberals to do anything but create problems not solve any.
Definitely!
Yes I do!!  Millions will drop because they don't want and can't afford !!
If the taxpayers are funding their work, and they are, then transparency is a reasonable expectation.
SHAME ON Senate & House for their DISPICABLE actions against America and our President. U never stand up & support OUR President.  2018 OUT
I would have thought Congress would have made this a requirement when CBO was established. What took so long. Show assumptions, show work
Dear Mr. Lee, from what I understand Congress approval rating is about 13% and DROPPING. I hope this concerns you. IT SHOULD!
You say yoU'are a Champion of the US Constitution they why aren't you doing something about US citizens held captive in 4 PROFIT PRISIONS
Same ones who think Congress needs to DO SOME WORK! Congress is nothing more than an entitled welfare recipient! #DrainTheSwamp
How about just getting rid of it? We made it all the way to July 12, 1974 without it & come to think of it add baseline budgeting!!!
Definitely
They've been wrong on pretty much everything they have scored.
CBO is a joke!
Agreed. #Congress also. @SenateGOP behind closed doors drafting of recent attempt at healthcare reform should've be done in light of day.
You don't like the CBO because it tells truth to power, to the architects of jury-rigged health care catastrophes. Quit shooting messengers.
I agree.
You should show your work, " O " none to show, go figure
CBO should have its doors closed.
I agree. I thought congress would have access to their own budget office?
big talk from a Senator that developed healthcare plans in secret so we wouldn't know how bad we were getting screwed until it was too late?
I think you should show who you are getting your informations from and how they arrived at their analysis... what's good for the goose...
And be accountable to a scorecard
If they make you show your work for their new math crap...yes they should be use to it.
I would be fine with abolishing the entire office! I don't trust their calculations.
Seems like any attempt limit spending is frowned upon by CBO.
For goodness sakes they DO show their work! Please upgrade your news sources...and #DoYourJob
Love the "CBO ... its work" Act! Also think Congress should MANDATE CBO should use dynamic vs static scoring and stop baseline budgeting!
Every math teacher in America and everyone who has taken a math class.
I envision a dartboard covered in Post-It notes...
The biggest missed point is congress passed a law that does not apply to them selves ... fix only that and I will support your complaints
I had to show my work in Calculus class in High School .... why shouldn't CBO ?
Can you show your work too then? How the @GOP  healthcare plan won't kick people off of Medicaid? I'm being totally serious.
And also can you show that the @GOP plan also won't cut needed services 4 those with disabilities like my son?
Read the bill, it's already explained.  
Since the Gov. should only cover those that can't help themselves, some may not be covered.
But that is not how DC works.
I'd be delighted if the CBO showed its work, but I doubt you'd understand it (try reading Econometrica). BTW, why don't you show your work?
Affordable care, GOP needs to support mandate and stop fighting for people who want to make money  off people's healthcare 
I think what you are saying is fair, but it seems like the CBO should not be politicized. Healthcare providers need stability to provide..
Yes, Senator, it is called accountability.
Yesssssd
How about focusing on affordable housing, being able to purchase homes as single people, in good neighborhoods, etc...? @senorrinhatch
We also need an outfit to CBO the CBO by verifying past CBO scores.
The CBO proves constantly...statistics don't lie, but the people who make them up do.
Why is there a CBO?!?  Is just another example of institutionalized liberalism.
Cbo are democrats which make them lairs
I think you guys should do your own calculations not use an outside group so you can lay blame on others for your lack of mathematics.
Shouldn't that go for the Republican held senate as well?  Also you planning on a town hall or avoiding your constituents this aug. recess?
CBO must reveal how they come up with their wacky numbers-always favor DNC agenda
That's because they are bureaucrats always favor the DNC
Who thinks Davidson's n should have to show his news sources?
Larry - Glad to help you with that: https://ceoexpress.com/home .  Obviously, we both use Twitter...
Thanks. Do you read Breitbart? Daily Caller? Gateway Pundit? Zero Hedge?
Your mom
Totally agree. Thank you. #knowledge is enlightenment # taxpayers Are Not Mushrooms
I don't Mike. So you may want to stop.  I don't know if CBO has shit on me as well and if they have to disclose i may have more trouble
Who else thinks @SenMikeLee should have to show his work? http://www.salon.com/2017/06/17/mike-lees-bad-history-utah-senators-book-is-an-ignorant-hodgepodge-concocted-to-justify-the-modern-gop/ …
He is doing the best job he can.  He is only one man look at the Rinos to criticize
@realDonaldTrump CBO is worthless. Never get anything right. Should be dismantled.
I do. Let's make that happen. Thanks Mike 4 your stratospheric 100% voting record for freedom & liberty. NONE have higher close but no cigar
We need to do away with CBO, and use an outside source.  They have become partisan.
