Thank you for your work in representing utah. Please support Trump and his adgenda as that is what We The People voted for in the election
result was what America wanted where were u? #sad @realDonaldTrump @JeffFlake thanks John McCain @SenJohnMcCain
Time to VOTE RINOS and DEMORATS out...sorry Mike you are surrounded by butthugs!! Time 4 ppl to unite against the status qou
I'm curious what a Rino is? And why the silly name calling? Democrats are no worse than Republicans.  The status quo? Lots of labels.
someone masquerading as a Republican...which defines the majority in Congress now, particularly in the toffee nose Senate.
Both parties reek
Nah, you want more than 17 million without healthcare.
How about the millions like me who lost their healthcare BECAUSE of the "affordable" care act? Oh! That's right! We don't matter!
Of course you do. That's what Democrats want to fix about Obamacare. Mike Lee does not. He want repeal ONLY. That's why he voted for it in15
You don't 'fix' a bad law.  You repeal it and apologize to the American people.  What if the Union had decided to try and 'fix' slavery?
Asinine to compare Obamacare to slavery.
You need to take McConnell's place! Soon!
Start making an effort to force McConell to step down as senate Majority leader! He's worthless! You need a Conservative Harry Reid!
Get it together and get it done!  It's us that gets hurt!  Get it passed and done like the promises made!!!
Is it true that McCain huddled up with DEMS after he  voted no and said, "Let's see @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again, Now!"
Not surprising at all @SenJohnMcCain has always been a liar & a RINO he just showed the entire world that once again.
Proves @tedcruz was correct when he took his stand
Ted Cruz is an inane sociopath.
If it implodes will single payer then be inevitable?  Our can we go full free market,
At this point, any downfall of the ACA will not be Ocare failing it will be GOP sabotage. You had 8 years and this is the best you can offer
you have no idea the betrayal--why do you get to choose my health insurance? Why are you exempt?Why can't GOP keep its promise!?
Yes!  No man has the right to tell people or companies what contract they can voluntarily enter into.
Try offering a plan that doesn't take away millions healthcare and give billions back to the top percent .
Fish gotta swim, @SenJohnMcCain gotta be a RINO!
#AZGOP
Your colleague McCain proves to be all roar and no action as usual. Unless it's war or sanctions he is a big Gov Liberal. Loves Gov control
It's worse than u think. Voters no longer trust ur party &, while they may never vote D, cannot in good conscience vote #GOP anymore. #Done
CONCUR......they spin a good tale but when push comes to shove
they mandate & exempt selves from it ALL.
No better than George's parliament
U & rest of @GOP Congress R ALL masquerading
U all spin a good tale, but when push comes to shove
U always mandate & exempt URselves
Trump needs to make congress have to have Obamacare
Not sorry that you failed to take away healthcare from millions of Americans.
U.S. Senator=Easiest Job in the WORLD!
Full benefits & Retirement
No Accountability!
End the filibuster rule
@SenMikeLee ACA is helping too many people- trashing it is not an option. The person who figures out a good fix for it will be a hero. You??
Term Limits!!!#MAGA!!!
It's for the best. Healthcare needs to be done right, not rushed thru. See if you can fix the ACA please!
Do what is right for the most vulnerable hold open hearings no more backdoor politics
As long as 'Liberal' McCain is in there, Republican agenda will be stopped at every corner.
This is a bot- seen it espouse the same nonsense on other feeds. Tell Puti to stick it.
We asked you to put country before party, you chose not to. We ask you to put America before Russia?
It doesn t matter because skinny repeal was #FakeRepeal #ObamaCareLite. 
Please keep fighting for #FULLrepeal.
Whatever you say bud.
. Agreed! Keep up the good work senator! @SenMikeLee
I do appreciate your work, Senator Lee, please keep it up.
You need to identify the establishment and call them out so we can primary them for 2018. Time to #EndTheEstablishment
no reason to support the GOP any longer. #alltalknoactiom
The GOP is sickening!
This is one Alaskan who will again be working to unseat Murkowski so we don't see this happen again.
Chili night at the Lee house?
Coming to your senses eh?
If you didn't agree with it fully, you shouldn't have voted for it. So which is it? Was it ill-crafted in its methodology & you voted wrong?
You don't get to have it both ways, you voted for the proposal despite your "objections" to the way it was crafted.
Head's up! it's VERY surprising to the voters. Honestly, the GOP had such an opportunity, and these first months were a congressional waste
utmost respect, have to call it here: you could've done more for straight repeal. @RandPaul was the only one under the lights speaking truth
If you guys don't get it together the Republican Party is going to lose the opportunity to help the people who put them in office
Then we will have to put our votes elsewhere
Want to know:
1. Did you want this bill to pass?
2. Why?
3. Why NOW?

XO,
84115
Because your plan sucks. Why don't you guys actually do some work instead sucking up to a bunch of blue bloods.
Humalog 30 day cash price @Walgreens $146. With #UnitedHealthcare Medicare plan today it was over $650.00. Easy to fix with legislation.
No viable solution? Start with simple fixes. Here's one: No pharmacy can charge more because you have insurance. Same as cash pricing.
Senator, what type of bill are you looking for: protecting healthcare for millions of Americans, or executing the will of the Kochs?
Sad..
Someone need the whaaa-mbulance?
Write a new bill please. The Repeal and Replace bill. Get Mitt, Huntsman, the best minds together and write it yourself.
Yup, screw that punk progressive idiot McCain.
Tax break for employers to provide health insurance needs to be phased out.
It stops people from buying a policy & keeping it.
#CCOT #MAGA
How we all felt when you were the one voting no...
Hardly surprising since the bill was a piece of crap. Respectfully, a Utah Republican
The GOP is a complete failure!!!!!
Maybe you should try and do something right next time. You were there, and came up with garbage and lies. Not all of us are blind Mike!
Sir, please congratulate McCain for the true Liberal he is. ARIZONA, vote for my friend Kelli Ward..... Thanks for your efforts Senator Lee!
Maybe u can uninsure millions of people another time, poor guy
luckily it turned out the way most of your constituents hoped, no thanks to you.
So sorry you couldn't take healthcare from millions. Incompetents!
I would be happy to help you get health care disaster solved, and solved for good of everyone. The "swamp" is not where solutions,are found
No help from you.
You'd best polish up your resume. Bye-bye
Bottom line is a convention of the states is needed desperately. We now have a ruling class and it's a failure.
You hoped to kill the elderly, disabled, children, & the poor? I thought you were "pro-life".
Just like most suspected it would. No spine in the Republicans
turned out like a lot of citizens were hoping..bad bill
Sorry sir you all failed us! Obama care is killing us. You all need to be put on it you'd change your tune quick! Epic fail
Last night wasn't what the American people wanted either my friend!
That's why I say, the only way for change is to force it. We're past the point of elections making a difference. Too much corruption!
fake republicans only wants 2 move d ball only 2yards in hopes d democrats pick it up n score another touchdown. corrupt like hilary.
It didn't turn out to withdraw ins from hundreds of thousands of Utahns. It's not surprising because other senators have respect for America
I support you Sen. Lee. Full repeal. Live free or die.
What web site has the bill that was voted down?
Keep up the fight!  Please!
More swamp draining needed.
Republicans are HORRIBLE at politics. Ununified, intractable, inconsistent messages, bad surrogates, leakers and backstabbers. Blowing it
I am sure your party doesn't know what they want.
Hardly surprising because the never Trump members don't want him to succeed on much. What else besides Supreme Court justices?
When Dems passed O care, they had experts dedicated to the project for months. You blew it. R's may NEVER have all 3 branches again!
Ideology should never Trump what is right and honorable !
Can you explain to us, your constituents, why you didn't have decency to join McCain, Mukowsky, & Collins in voting no? We need healthcare.
Was too many of us that have voted over and over for repealed. I guess we don't have enough conservatives in the DC yet
TheStupidity of GOP is amazing,without the president the GOP would be dust in the wind,write a book about the man who saved the constitution
You've had YEARS to draft something and hold hearings. What exactly were you expecting?!

Introduce individual bills to repeal Obamacare - Mandates first, then a bill for medical device tax etc ... get repealed what you can now.
Unfortunately your party is bent on power and not doing what is right. Caveat emptor, voter beware.
I'm a Utah voter: it turned out very well.

Bipartisan repair of ACA is the best option. Our party is churning out some really stupid ideas.
#neocon sicko #InsaneMcCain strikes again. Bombs away!
Yeah I'll tell my son your disappointed, that he can't go to the doctors that will make it all better.
It wouldnt have happened if you and Rand were not such idiots about getting a perfect bill. You are a loser too. #NeverTrump'er
We're surprised 7 years of planning turns into 0 action. Hope you guys get it together
True, for the past eight years Republicans have been able to accomplish exactly nothing. More of the same from the party of "no".
Never heard of the committee process? It's how bills are crafted and passed in the Senate. Maybe you should read a book.
Repeal obamacare. The Senate needs to take that as their mantra because that is what they promised the American people. Full repeal.
You got some weak peeps there and a lock step opposition party full of idiots there
It turned out as it should have says I from the 84121.
I don't know...you guys looked pretty surprised!
Because you guys are s bunch of screwups?
#DefundPPperminatly
Very disappointed in GOP
Anything less than a full repeal will be a disaster for the GOP.
Thank god, will see you in Utah next elections.
Why don't you push a bill that would make Senators have the same health plan as us peons. Because all we see is a Clown show
It was set up. This keep lib R's off the hook!
Are ANY Dem voters pushing for ANY changes to the ACA?  It sounds as if Dems are afraid to touch it, even though they say it's "imperfect."
It's surprising to me, being as how you all RAN ON REPEALING for 3 elections now. You never had any intention to do it. #disgraceful
you might not want to let anyone else know that
The entire industry pleaded with you not to pass it. It’s one of the most unpopular piece of legislation in decades. What is wrong with you.
At least you don't seem to be ducking people like most of your colleagues in the GOP.
Result - single pay or government controlled healthcare... Obuma gets the last laugh
7 years to get it together and waited till the last 6 months to fix it. Relied on 3 known RINO's to pass a fix. 
Those people who refused to Repeal Obamacare are pretend Republicans! Americans are appalled at their corruption!
Why would McConnell put up s bill doomed for failure? What is the rush to vote! Get it right the first time & stop embarrassing yourself!
OMG!
We've been so long. Something is so wrong up there. I'm a registered Conservative. We the people should take our country back.
#ditchmitch #dirtytricksmcconnell #liningtheirpocketswithourblood #bloodmoney  #healthcarenotwealthcare #tkucollinsmurkoeskimccain
And GOP got what they deserved, you do live to eat your own.  But again the American people will pay the price, we always do.
Big government loves bigger government Republicans think they can take a bad idea and make it work leading to national healthcare
tired of winning yet
Resign!  You are a complete failure as a Senator. An empty seat would be more effective than you.
Why not surprising? GOP gum flapping for years about repeal and replace. Talk is cheap
Democrats hate you and now your clueless republicans hate you. Hilarious!
It's time for a 3rd party.  All except you, Cruz, Paul are worthless.  Platform based on term limits/limited govt is needed.
after seven years to get it right, and already knowing the rules and points of order, republicans in senate choked, plain and simple
Senator McCain's harsh shaming tactics to his fellow Senators to get to work. That failed last night by his NAY vote. Makes one ? Him more
I was hoping u cared abt Utahns & Americans having HC that was affordable. That monstrosity you voted for would +prems 20% & kick 15m off HC
Yeah, not sure you even know the level of anger in the republican base. This was nothing and still couldn't get it done. Extremely shameful.
REPLACE LEADER McConnell
Now their is some leadership...not.
You are all culpable. You are all failures. You all lied to the American public.
Good, remember you'll be voted out soon for your vote yes. Hahahahahahaha sucker
It turned out just fine! Now get together with the Dems and fix what's wrong with the ACA!
Because you didn't work with Dems and try to find a reasonable middle. No one wanted that crap bill.
Doctors huh some are part of the problem.
You are a Democrat calling yourself a Republican
just fullofshit!
Try putting ALL people before party, religion & your insular bubble. BTW, Your #SkinnyRepeal "Yes" vote is not what I hoped for either.
Unfortunately it's not surprising for any of us either. McCain never had any intention of actually following through with his promises! SICK
You *hoped* to strip people of their healthcare? What kind of sick psycho are you?
A bitter old man is settling scores instead of doing his job!
Hoped??America is suffering and youre going on how you "hope". Not surprised that 7 years isn't enough for YOU to have a #PLAN? #Corruption
What the **** have you guys been doing for the past few years?! For the past 6 MONTHS, for that matter?!!! There is no excuse for this.
This U.S. health system CEO says he has a practical, politically feasible solution to #healthcare reform in America. http://www.uab.edu/news/service/item/8498 …
They don't care about hard working regular americans whose costs are out of control with employer insurance! Obamacare ruined it!
Why is it not surprising?
Well, we can all agree that spiteful hateful @SenJohnMcCain was no surprise at all.
And no American saw the bill so what do you expect? Seriously????
I've had to refinance my to pay for my 10,000 deductible. I'm so glad that you get richer if you become a politician.
Hopefully we the people can pay you back for your lack of support.
Rather than seek to chisel Obama's name off everything, work to provide broad and affordable health care to your constituents. Work for us.
This is not about healthcare. It's about gov controlling a business,insurance. we all have healthcare right now, everyone.
You were really hoping to fuck healthcare for millions? The result is a glimpse of sanity in the totally partisan at any cost senate.
Thanks for your effort.
So you were hoping more people had less or no insurance?
Sir, until we drain the swamp the little man is never going to be able to raise himself.  The people who are to protect us are the wolves
More often than not I'm with you but hoping is no way to lead a government. Republican leadership seems more comfortable as back benchers
You hoped to take healthcare from 16 million people. Shame.
Obamacare is NOT health care - it's health insurance. They are not the same thing.
It was a crap bill. But "The result was hardly suprising" seems like a bad attitude for a senator to have. Try more bipartisanship
Please let the zombie die this time.  There is a reason healthcare professionals and most of the public opposed the bill. Bad legislation.
#mccainnotmyhero
You failed the American people by not listening to your electorate! That's the fail.
The repubs that are in office more than 1 decade need to go.  It was never supposed to be till you reach age of 70 you leave.  Sad sad sad
It was a bad bill
Turned out exactly as we hoped - rejection of a sloppy, I'll-considered piece of legislation that would have hurt more than it helped.
You Repubs had seven fucking years to come with a viable health care plan...LOSERS!
republican dominated congress is an embarrassment  clearly don't care about the people in this country.   can't wait to vote against repubs
Disappointed in the six fake senators voting no
Goodbye tea party
How many millions of dollars did the GOP Senators raise for their campaigns on the promise of REPEAL and REPLACE ?
Look, you guys need buy-in from Dems. W/o it, you will just jerk Americans around as party balance changes, you'll keep altering healthcare
What . Are. You. Doing. About. It? 
Support our POTUS!
