Which families and in which tax brackets?
LOWER MIDDLE CLASS WILL PAY MORE TAX. WORKED AT IRS AS TAX EXAMINER SO KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING. HELP! PRO-TRUMP
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
Millionaire families? They will benefit from estate tax repeal. How will you make up deficit?
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
I agree, but unfortunately they are not.
Explain, clearly, how GOP tax plan benefits middle class and not the very rich or corporations.
Yes but no for us making more the 100,000 with two incomes not  lower income that get all the tax brakes already,try and keep this promise
But in your plan they are not. The GOP is dishonest.
This is NOT tax "reform" at all. This just perpetuates the K St mob, the IRS, and the massive accounting burden on businesses. #FailedAgain
This can be done with smaller govt and changing dedutions, not higher tax credits!  Also no wealth redistribution!
Not forgetting about repeal and replace...keep promises.
HCSA for wealthy. People are sick now.  Help needed now.
7 years?
Eagerly awaiting to see how republicans will obstruct tax reform.
Job creation from tax reform relief sb part of the measure of a good bill. 45.3% of Americans pay no federal income tax #TaxReform
Fair tax!
Trump: “We are not going to allow the death tax to steal away the American dream from these great, great families”
*Affects 0.2% of estates.
Lots of families live in California. Under the proposed plan we get hurt because we pay state taxes and will 2x taxed. Same in Utah
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
Are you talking about the millionaires + billionaires?? Cause you have done nothing for the average Utahn.
So you'll be pressing @POTUS to release his taxes so we can evaluate his & your claims, right? Right? #utpol
No one cares about tax returns.  It was a trivial non-issue even ten years ago, a gotcha tactic.  Now it's about next to last on the list.
Uh-huh.
@marcorubio why is it that ur constituents have to hear about what ur working on thru Twitter? I’m tired of playing Where In The World is...
Then why are you on twitter then.. To learn and get first information and thoughts from the people you follow.
I’m down w/a gov. that uses social media. My issue is that he doesn’t have town hall meetings to get input on important legislation
The Federal Government is double-taxing senior citizens, help stop this abuse by signing this petition: http://fwact.org/ErsTwgA 
I would start by ending all foreign aid.
Then you're like "most people." Fact: foreign aid is less than 1% of government spending.
PBS funding is way smaller than foreign aid but I bet it comes up next election.
Maybe the government could stop spending FIRST
You must mean that rich american families need to be first in line. This alleged tax reform continues to make the rich richer, no surprise!
Then why are middle-class families' taxes going UP under the bill? Child tax credit doesn't compensate for cut of state/local tax deduction.
AND KNOW AS @GaryCohn45 SAID MAYBE FIND 1? NOT...many of us LOWER middle class will pay more just as if we were millionaires
IS UTAH IN HIGH STATE TAX? WE ARE RETIRED & ALREADY IN 25%. NOW OWNING HOME & COSTS STATE CHARGE, WE PAY MORE
Since when did Mike Lee care about American families?  If something doesn't serve his party, he votes against it.
And the wealthy shouldn't even be on the line.
It'll never happen Mike...just like Obummercare repeal...Wall & everything else our nation desperately needs.
Please make sure tax equity for the purchase of health insurance is part of the tax reform plan
@CNN @politico I bet you finally approve huge tax relief to wealthy and lip service to middle class. GOP simply doesn't know how to govern.
Yeah, but you have a better chance of seeing God Mikey.
It's all worthless if you don't GUT & FULLY REPEAL #Obamacare like you all promised. $2,000 & rising, Monthly Premiums are KILLING us.
You do mean 1%er fmailies, don't you.  We know Republicunts don't give a rat's ass about the working man...
National sales tax constitutionally mandated and restricted to less than 10%. Value added taxes illegal and banned. IRS & tax codes removed
So does this mean my government might actually provide relief for us middle class working stiffs, with families & barely get by? #TaxReform
STOP lying 2 America! In order 4 TAX reform 2 WORK U MUST TAX the RICH! Otherwise, CRITICAL PROGRAMS will B cut which will benefit NOBODY!
Spoken like a true democrat! Well done.
Need TRUMP AGENDA...watch out for Ryan and Border Adjustment backdoor hit on low and middle income
20% corporate tax rate ,still to high...~ ! @POTUS
The Trump family and others in that tax bracket? Cuts to the top rate, raise the lowest rate, and cuts to corporations. #killthepoor
What does it do for me?  What bracket will I fall under. If you raise on me. I'm out.
Hope you remember that when it comes to Senate floor...
we ALL do... stop playing with groups. Tax reform for all! 1 postcard tax return. 1. What did you make? 2. What's 10% of that? Send to XXX
Don't forget American Business after the last eight years of hell and anti business climate
Then you better make sure it is passed, enacted and meets @POTUS framework. Cause is you dilute it @GOP will be reduced to sewer water.
Ваш кириллический переводчик воняет.
Hold their feet to the fire @SenMikeLee
Make Trump release his tax records FIRST.
Buuuut they won't be will they? Anybody want to bet their paycheck it'll corporate taxes?
So the Q is when are you going to put us 1st ?  WERE WAITING

McConnell along with Spk Paul Ryan they are Totally Worthless, Scammers !

So far we have had 9 months of NOTHING, NADA, ZIPPO !

The People are starting to see the leadership of the GOP for what they are as WORTHLESS
You would have to be rich to get it any advantage from these tax cuts you're talking about
A tax cut for Trump won't help a single American working family.
I love the certainty of a statement like this without the details available to even make that assertion.
Kind of like Trump/Rubio/Lee's baseless assertion that their tax cutting for wealthy people will help American families. They lie a lot!
then keep the estate tax, and close loopholes so corporations actually pay the tax they should
Right behind your wealthy donors and POTUS. Do you really think Americans are that stupid
And we all know anything that you like is definitely bad for the people in this country.
The "intelectual" conservatives are passé, under your "leadership" we got O'care & $20T debt, you have no argument.  R&R a joke!  Bla bla
Also helpful for working families: payroll-tax relief.
Let's stop the rhetoric.We need action.Get to WORK and unify the party to pass tax cuts and reform.Performance, not showboating.
Corporate tax breaks only help the super wealthy get Richer! They didn't get Rich by giving their profits to employees!!!
#Shirkers at it again, selling bribes to the cheapskates in  Embarassing!
Great..!! Let revive the middle class families in America relieving taxes on then and bringing back jobs from abroad to US.
This is a crap bill. Congress is useless
The best way to put American families first is to make domestic companies competitive so they will hire more Americans...
I hope you mean REAL US citizens and not illegal immigrants with anchor babies, cuz they are NOT the ones who need relief.
No Caroline. He means his millionaire donors like you and me.
The rich BILLIONAIRES created by the WALL ST. FINANCIAL TERRORISTS/HFTs should taxed at the highest rate possible to pay for middle class.
That doesn't mean billionaires who only want to repeal the estate tax . Which is not what we the American people want remember that.
45.3% of Americans pay no federal income tax #TaxReform #taxreformnow Economic growth will benefit middle class job creation
Another scan to help the rich.
And by "families", you mean millionaires and billionaires.


A middle-class family with 4 children will LOSE at least $4900 of tax benefits under #TrumpTaxScam
Unfortunately, that won't happen
@GOP won't let that happen. they love their big government as much as the dims
