Gen Flynn needs to explain why he broke the law and spoke with Russian diplomat on sanctions now we know he did.
but where are you on the Flynn-Russia debacle?
I'm surprised you could raid another country without approval prior to it. U shouldn't have to "demand" anything
I am often silenced. Also on facebook. All other posts have hundreds of views but these. I posted 3xs
If Hillary did this u would have brought handcuffs to the hearings. WHAT A HYPOCRITE. DO UR JOB!! DO UR JOB!! Comrade Lee.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! More of this please!
@Love072110 I hope they dedicate much time/effort into this as they did wth Benghazi but this time they will find incompetency
you are a snake in Senators clothing. Listen to your constituents or do not listen at your careers peril
They want to find out how bad Trump bungled it. Donald pretty much acted unilaterally. A, "no-no;" in terms of strict protocol.
where's the investigation into the 3 Muslims employed by Dems on intelligence committee?
how about 33 investigations? What's it like living without integrity? #VoteMikeOut
Glad u like bipartisan efforts. Since ur probing Soros funding already, why not probe who's funding 45 by demanding #TaxReturns
Please vigorously pursue highly concerning leaks by the Obama Admin's Intelligence Community! Stand w/POTUS against Shadow Govt!
demand an investigation of Trump
cruz is 100% correct. Polifact is 100% wrong.
because the #used excludes those institutionalized in school, elderly, or mental. Yet they lie.
also polifact wrongly fact cruz's 92 million unemployment # as they quote institutionalized folks when they shouldn't
The actual source 4 that fake news donut is a liberal source. Snopes makes no mention of it. https://m.facebook.com/groups/475498035967372?view=permalink&id=658137821036725 …
Also, thanks, 4 following me. With facebook & google planning on doing their own fact  stop their lies.
Senator Lee. Please make a bill 4 free speech protective laws on social media. 2xs 2day
Great. How's the Russian election hacking investigation going, Trump-Russian ties? Leaving that to the @washingtonpost to do?
Russia Hacked Our Election! What r u going to do about it? #Impeach

For decades he was a critic,

every govt policy sure lacked logic,…
Briefing is fine, but beware the idiots that believe the enemy can be killed in a sterile clean way. Killing the enemy is dirty.
Good. But R's need to do more, or you are hypocritical accomplices.
Could you possibly investigate Russian ties to Trump, Trump spending govt money at his resort with PM Abe and his other COI?
I'm in 84117. I am rooting for you to vote for the people's, not the party's interests. Please don't let us down.
There should be Senate hearing why Flynn lied about speaking to Russia on the sanctions! Treat him as Clinton was treated!
please look into the raid and HONESTLY lay blame if any where it belongs.  U can't scream Benghazi then turn away on this
Please fight to change the F4 family  preference.
Shouldn't you have demanded that immediately after that disaster of an operation? Anyway, carry on and get some answers.
Shouldn't have to 'demand' anything.
Demands, respectfully requests, whatever. I guess words have no meaning.
As you should... Nice 2 c the senate getting in the game b4 all this seat of the pants nonsense gets too far out of hand
Where was the bipartisan with Benghazi?
How many times did this happen under Obama when a mission resulted in casualties?
how about demanding an investigation into Russia?!  Involvement in the election - scared of what you might find?  ACA
It's about time!
Get lost
How about we get an official Declaration of War before raids & bombs? At a minimum, Congressional authorization would help.
You are Weak  sad
The American people want briefing on the 3 brothers who were fired from inappropriate access to federal It systems.
For once, something we can agree on, Senator.
Cool, it needs to be done.This does not however change the fact that you are a craven @gop minion.
Smart. Needed. Cooperative.
Hearing footsteps, Mikey? After Chaffetz town hall I'll bet you can't wait for your next one.
seems like a good idea.
No!! new adm does not have time for all the smoke and weasel juice that the crazy Dems will spout and carry on for weeks.
I'm one of your constituents you are a constitutional scholar so u know we need 2 reinstate the bill of rights ditch 10 planks
we need a free market and common law back Trump seems 2 b destroying the secret combination We are not free anymore. We need 2 B
You'll confront the President on events happening in Yemen but roll over and blindly support woefully unqualified Cabinet picks?
I strongly believe #HillaryClinton was involved. Tatiana
I suspect #HillaryClinton connected with Gov Yemen to set it up. She must be investigated. Tatiana
hahahahaha! I'm sure she will be :-)
why so you guys can leak more shit you shouldn't? @AmyMek @AIIAmericanGirI @ScottPresler
