public school children deserve someone competent who appreciates value of public education not DeVos.
Please explain to us the sacredness and extra value of "public schools";
Quality & learning R not more important?
in 140 chsracters? Go read a book
How about "better test scores "?
Or isn't that true??
Libs: unable/ unwilling to answer any questions
this is troubling too Betsy DeVos Wants to Use America's Schools to Build "God's Kingdom ...
Ok no need to go further you are misinformed/deluded;
HOWEVER would following the #NewTestament be 
harmful?
Night
sure you listened to her bear attack testimony read her record & I'm deluded. Look in a mirror
if you don't vote against her, you're experiencing your last term right now.
I hope you're standing with students and teachers and will #VoteNoDevos
I hope you vote for Devos! She is against common core! And that stuff is stupid!
She has no control over common core. If states adopted.it, only states can un- adopt. States didn't have to.
He said he will vote to confirm. He thinks the constituents are 'misinformed' when it comes to DeVos 
Wait till he isn't re-elected.  I will be sure to remind him of this ignorant statement.
Mike Lee puts party over people! I will be voting against him in the next election!
My votes gone too. He clearly doesn't listen to or represent the people of Utah.
We are tired of politicians putting party first.
please explain your valid reasons for approving Ms DeVos. You owe us an explanation.
so glad you think your constituents are misinformed about DeVos. We will surely be informed at the next election
you should listen to your state's educators.
do you not support the teachers in your state, or do you just not listen to the people who you are supposed to represent.
boooooooo
: Utah's are in shock you approved Devos! #CareerSuicide
how much does she contribute to your campaign?
We will not forget that you put this fascist regime above our children.
How much were you paid, to ignore teachers and vote yes on #DeVos? Mark 8: 36
Disgusting. Worst thing our Senate has done to our country in years.
And it was all for show because you don't listen to your constituents AT ALL. Enjoy your last term, because it is, you know.
we need to confirm all presidents nominees
DeVos offers hope for our schools. Dems have failed our children. Just look at public schools everywhere
really? I thought this was a republican state! Not very smart!
this isn't a Democratic or Republican issue. Our kids needs someone competent.
respond with your vote for school board.
you're just another ankle-grabber for the orange buffoon.
you ignored your constituents. Listening to us is your job.
completely unqualified. So disappointed in your vote.
Your constituents told you No on DeVos, yet you voted yes. I will help fund your next opponent during your reelection for this.
I can't believe you voted for her. Mothers in my Sandy neighborhood will NEVER vote for you again! Education last again!
you lets us down by voting DeVos who is absolutely unfit! We will never forget!!
You heard and IGNORED your constituents. You work for them and still voted for DeVos. How do you hope to rebuild that trust?
you suck sir.
Confirming DeVos is a smart ploy to keep future GOP voters dumb and pliant! Nice!
see the tweets?Majority oppose DeVos!!You have no soul- how do you face your kids after selling yourself to the highest bidder?
Whoever is lining your back pocket is not worth more than our children's futures. You are bad for Utah and bad for this county.
as the mother of two disabled children, I beg you to vote no on Betsy DeVos. They deserve better.
#VoteNoDevos  got it? Good!
Live in MI & we don't want her. Didn't want her husband as Gov.  We'll be back for you.
Do the right thing and just say no. Plenty of people are more qualified.
pleasevote against DeVos. I won't allow my kids in public school with her as the Secretary and I will vote against you next time
#VoteNODeVos #FollowDeVosDollars Please, please oppose Betsy DeVos. I am certain President Trump can find a qualified candidate.
I will vote against you next election if you put loyalty to the "Republican party" (its not the one I know) over loyalty to Utah
- GOP parent from MI. #DeVos is a bad choice. She fought parents on CC repeal bills twice. We can do better. Vote NO please.
Please do not do this to our children!  She is not an advocate for public schools.  Please vote against her conformation!!
please vote no on Devos. Re watch her confirmation hearing. She is unqualified
Ouch! @SenMikeLee It sure looks like ur constituents r NOT on board Ms. DeVos. Ignore the will of the people at ur own peril #foodforthought
she needs to be approved, the conventional has failed our children! In with the new, out with the old!
she is unfit and unqualified w billions in conflicts of interest. Not good for our kids our America's future. Pls #VoteNoToDevos
yes is my vote
DeVos is unqualified for Sec. of Education. Public school is important. I will not vote for you if she is nominated. My $$ to op
plz vote NO on DeVos. would u appoint a non judge to the Supreme Court? don't appoint a non educator to Secretary of Education
Please vote NO on the ridiculously unqualified @BetsyDeVos American children deserve better and I think you agree!
education secretary should be an example and a leader. No on Devos. Please stand up for what's right not what's easy
you didn't discuss otherwise you would hear your voters #noDevos if you ignore us we will vote NO on 11/6/18
I wish I had seen this earlier! Please vote NO for DeVos. I called and talked with your SLC office earlier. They were so great.
.@SenMikeLee your constituents and other citizens ask you to vote NO on @BetsyDeVos. The information is indisputable. #noDevos
Keep Betsy DeVos away from our children and educators.  Leave her money in her own pocket!
. Time to stand up for what's best for our nation, not you job security. Time to stand up for our children. Vote no #noDevos
Discuss and hear what parents want for their children-NOT DEVOS.  Please vote no today, please.
vote Debos proves Rep. Care more about party politics then doing the right thing for the voters. I'm concerning leaving party
Devos  the worst cabinet choice in history for the D of E unless the point is to do away with public education.  Please vote no
Vote YES on DeVos - Public schools improve quickly when parents and students have choice
Plenty of discussing, not nearly enough listening.
we are discussing your reelection in 2018 and it doesn't look good if you don't vote no on Betsy DeVos. No on Betsy DeVos sir
we need you to vote no on Betsy DeVos immediately and convince your colleagues no on Betsy DeVos
please vote no!
DeVos is awfully unqualified to hold such an important post. I hope that you put country over party when voting this week.
Well I guess John & I cancel out...   I think the money oughta follow the kids - anywhere they want...
DeVos will bring quality options to underprivileged. Vote yes. Then let's do away with common core.
Listen to the bulk of your constituency and vote #NoonDeVos
You were elected by the constituents you now say you know better than. Does that mean you shouldn't have been voted in?
Plz remember that the residents of UT are your constituents, not POTUS, when voting on DeVos. UT public schools-Not DeVos
Please refuse to vote for her!
support Utah and students. Represent your constituents. Vote NO on DeVos. #DumpDevos
DeVos is dangerous for public education. Be a leader and vote no.
As a teacher in Jordan School District, and a public school educator, please vote against Betsy DeVos!
I am a teacher here in Utah. DeVos is a disgrace and a danger to public education. Do the right thing; your job. Vote no! Thanks
I ask you again to please vote no. You are elected to REPRESENT us. And we vote NO. #VoteNoDevos
Please vote against DeVos; she is intent on destroying everything that is education and our nation's future,
She is no more qualified than I am. She is not qualified!
If discussing means ignoring the voice of the vast majority of the American people who oppose the ignorance of DeVos, well done
Make the great state of Utah proud, and vote no on DeVos.
I wish you could stand for principle like the other two R senators instead of what will get you ahead in the party.
Do the right thing and vote #NoDeVos. Our kids deserve better!  Shamefully unqualified women - her hearing was an embarrassment
vote no on DeVos!
Vote 'NO' on DeVos! Do what's right for America's education system! Millions will suffer from her ignorance.
think hard. DeVos is not qualified and has no experience. Our kids future, our future, will be impacted by this vote. Say no!
Urging Sen. Lee to vote no on DeVos. Hugely unqualified. Americans deserve better. Our kids deserve better.
support her!
please reject her nomination
students deserve better! Teachers need to be qualified, our secretary of education should have to be too. #DumpDevos
I believe you know in your heart that DeVos is completely unqualified. Country before party! NO on DeVos. For the children.
I do not understand why you are not putting your people first. Disappointing #noondevos
#VoteNO to DeVos
I'm disappointed by your disregard for your constituents' concerns about @BetsyDeVos, who is embarrassingly unqualified.
I'm a Utahn. Please vote no.
show me her qualifications. There are none! Vote no!
senator, I am a conservative I am shocked that so many of you are backing this woman. I urge you to vote no, do the right thing!
so you're voting no because it's the smart choice?
Vote No! She is not qualified nor does she have a burden for children in public education!
Please vote NO. She is completely unqualified for this position. Don't make education here in Utah even worse than it already is
, please vote #NoDeVos
He told us he is voting for her, not a discussion it was him telling us everything we know about her is wrong.
please veto this nomination. Listen to your senate colleagues and other party members who already oppose her.
not to mention those calling in your state. Honestly, how many calls have opposed her vs supported her?
please listen to the teachers that educate YOUR CHILDREN. She's not fit. @KCChronister
a vote for DeVos  means you've lost my vote next election. You're more for party than for a Utah.
you can change my mind with a no vote.
when is next election?
Help out teachers and administrators who put their everything into the kids of this nation. no to DeVos. Just Say No.
Vote No on DeVos! #84107
.@SenMikeLee I hope you vote No for DeVos. She will hurt our schools and students. Constituents will remember this vote at re-election.
@KUTV2News I listened and you are not discussing because you are not listening to what Utah and the USA  want #nodevos
please vote NO for Betsy DeVos.
No DeVos Senator
vote no for Betsy
do you really think you know better than your constituents?
vote no for #BetsyDeVos
I sincerely hope you see how ridiculous it would be to have someone so utterly unqualified appointed to be Sec. of Education
I fit the poor/mid. class category. ACA is the best most affordable ins I’ve ever had. Why call it a failure? UT voter zip 84321
If you cared about Utah children you wouldn't put someone so starkly unqualified in charge of the education system. Shame on you
You have never done as I have requested before.  I have given up on you.
please say no to DeVos
Make teachers unions concerned. Vote yes, but I agree the dept shouldn't exist.
I'm so disappointed that you're ignoring our teachers in favor of listening to Trump.
She should be approved. The system is broken and needs to be fixed. So called educators have gotten it this way
Sir  please  Vote  For  Her  She's  very good Woman Sir our  Children future of education.
Please, please don't do this to us. Please don't confirm her. She didn't even have the decency to bribe you like she did Hatch
No to DeVos
She's an enemy to public education.  And she's ill-informed.  Vote no.
Please vote no. DeVos is unqualified and will hurt education.
@KUTV2News I am ashamed and frustrated that you are my representative. You should have supported a vote on Garland!
Guess controlling the Senate means nothing or the president would have a full cabinet.. STOP TALKING!!
Public Education - The foundation of democracy. Well-funded, the strength of our nation. DeVos an ignorant elitist
We are  not  Want  Union education for free With every single Thing.
This tele-townhall is terrible! Your voice is muffled and a woman caller sounds like a chipmunk. I had to hang up, poor quality.
you have a moment, this moment, to make a great impact on education! Cross the aisle and #VoteNoDevos
country over party...Vote No
if you actually want underprivileged students to get access to good education you'll vote no on DeVos.
Senator, do the right thing. We appreciate you listening. Betsy DeVos will ruin rural education. Vote no! #DumpDevos
@KUTV2News this is not a partisan thing, this is an education thing and she is all wrong. #VoteNoDevos
@KUTV2News just say NO!
please vote no
Disappointed, but not surprised. Looks like you forgot that your real job is to represent your constituents. #VoteNoDevos
He stated on his THM that he ignores the wishes of his constituents, for as much as the constitution will allow.
please vote no. We deserve someone in that office who understand the public education system. #VoteNoDevos
understands
You're only answering vetted questions that support your agenda. Face your constituents. #coward
He was asked about this tonight and said he supports her, and doesn't care what constituents want, he knows best.
#voteyesdevos Vote YES for DeVos!
her approach is proven less effective than public schools. Worse test scores, kids learn less.Look it up.Please vote NO! FORKIDS
if you think underprivileged kids will do better under DeVos watch this:https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154558789469160&id=215968684159&_rdr …
do not vote for her. 84121
Against. We don't need a theocrat heading up the dept of Education. #TellMikeHowYouFeel #Resist
Please vote against Betsy DeVos. She is grossly unqualified to head dept. of Ed. Don't let money deside position! #VoteNoDevos
Law and order  not abuse Her
vote no on DeVos.
Please  Help  Her  vote  for  Her Sir 
Then you'd better talk to your Co Republican Thom Tillis who claims that he is still undecided as to the nomination.
@KUTV2News You are not standing up for your constituents wants in regards to saying no to Devos
.@SenMikeLee Please vote no on the unqualified Betsy DeVos!  American children deserve better and you know it! #DumpDeVos
I love how we're debating the nomination of someone to head a dept that should be SHUT DOWN. #wasteofmoney
please sir don't cave to the Democrats and teachers union . Give her a chance . The past 8 years it's been ran in the ground
FFS your grammar and spelling sucks, did you go to a DeVos school???
Need #SchoolChoice to get the failed public school system stranglehold off the country.
