@RandPaul @SenTedCruz STAY STRONG  #FullRepeal of #RyanCare #RINOcare #VoteHR3762 @Jim_Jordan  @TomCottonAR  @SpeakerRyan
@PeacefulConserv just trust trump he will remake things and make it better just give him the chance 2 do so and stop complaining
I had health insurance until last year when my premium tripled under The ACA. So I dropped it. Affordable what a joke!
@Rydell_C interesting...
50 days out of a 4 year term?  Smart one aren't you?
@PatriotGinger damn right, repeal this crap sandwich now!!!
You keep on and on about not repairing.  Then show us your plan!  Tired of your lame commentary on ACA.  It helped my son.
a cartoon is how you respond to desperate people who need health care? Shame on you.
1) The ACA isn't perfect but it's far from failure. Why don't you ask people who depend on the medical care it provides?
DEPENDS, Why does the government subsidies anyone's healthcare if you want healthcare pay for it period
Breaking News: Health care in America was a mess before Obamacare. Don't forget that Mike.
@brit_hul Repeal and don't replace it! Stay out of our Healthcare.
Reports are Obama Is Losing since his Vacation WOW,Wow,WOW #ShadowGovernment
Neat cartoon. You're a great drawer. Thanks for selling out the US public school system yesterday, senator.
yeah you sold out the teachers union now they will have to be accountable you MONSTER
You're great at criticizing others, but have nothing to show yourself. Where's our healthcare?
wa wa here's an Idea stop depending on the government for your healthcare.
Wow, you clearly understand all the nuances of how life works. Not.
Healthcare services and regulation are not enumerated #Constitutional powers. Let states manage it. #10A @SlidinDelta
I have Obamacare, no subsidy, and love it. Much better than what was available previously.
We think you should fix it. Your cartoon is missing GOP Congress attaching bomb to hull. Uncertainty dooms ACA Fix #Obamacare
So witty. You know your friend .@marcorubio poisoned it in reconciliation right? People's lives mean more than a cartoon
where is the replacement plan ?  Oh wait you don't have one.
you had 6 years to come up with a replacement and nothing
You have had plenty of time to create a replacement and plan it's rollout. What were you waiting for??
REPEAL
#FullRepeal

DO NOT REPLACE!

We do NOT need more BigGov bullshit. @SenMikeLee
went up almost 3,000 dollar in mass for same plan. Every month this is real $.
give them a paddle
By the way thanks for Jeff sessions!Another racist gets a pass....not good enough for Reagan but perfect for Trump
racist sessions, incompetent Devos, no insurance plans. It's almost as if they plan to dismantle all progress.
you're pretty sick for making this reference.
I think you lying about the status of the ACA is irresponsible and disgusting.  R u a close friend of Trump's?  Seems like it.
Why don't you hold a town hall and see what your constituents really think...?  Scared...??? #notamormon
Better a piece of wreckage to hold on to than NOTHING, which healthcare plan GOP has come up with. #doyourjob
GOP=no plan, Wall St cabinet, #russiagate corruption, coverups #DoYourJob #WeThePeople we are watching & will #resist HYPOCRITES
with you in this.  Thanks. Check out AMAC'a plan
Easy to say when you are the iceberg.
I don't think people including Congress realize the damage OCare has done to Medicine,to HealthCare, to Costs.
I'm pretty sure Congress is aware and @SpeakerRyan as Obamacare has added extra strain on people's resources
Not only pts. but good MD's. My MD has 5 employees to keep up with paperwork & office requirements.

For those who think we should try to repair #Obamacare: 
you can run from your constituants but you csn't hideo
improve the law, you will regret repeal.
complete liar 
LIES
i think you don't have a replacement and are stone walling it
LOL! Well put Sir:)
BS!! I was able to get insurance. Go to single payer! Oh wait I guess your insurance company buddies won't like that
Yes, because most citizens are so stupid they can only understand the topic via cartoon. Thanks for your confidence in us.
But we're supposed to subsidize your Cadillac health care plan? You have zero redeeming value. None
Think this through-if you can't replace, you can't erase. @GeorgeTakei @SenSanders @SenFeinstein @maggieNYT
must be nice to have free health care and not pay 1 penny!  how do you become an elected official again?
you all on capitol hill need to relinquish your free health care or mandate it to all americans, esp. the citizens of your state
and how about giving back your 6 wks paid vacation?
I am one of your constituents. You are failing to represent me. Come home and have a town hall in person and listen to us!!!
wow!!  don't you get free gov't run health care thanks to the taxpayers of utah??  well, give the $ back then!
Substitute "truth" for Obamacare and that's about right. Get your facts straight Senator...
So you really do want people to die. Or go broke. Or both. Such a caring, compassionate guy you are.
Good way to raise the debate to an intellectual level. Tweet a meme when you have nothing relevant to add to the convo
you're the ones who sunk it!
@Shearere13 Republicans better repeal obamacare if they want to keep their jobs. It's why many of them were elected.
: FULL REPEAL not repair something that is horrible to begin with. You guys can't keep any promises. @bbeekk321
I bet your next town meeting will be *real* interesting. #TheResistance #SoCalledPrez #PresidentBannon @potus @realDonaldTrump
you're right, Titanic had too many lifeboats on board. Should have had none so survivors could build lifeboats from debris.
sounds like @SenOrrinHatch thinks it can be done. Do you have any better ideas?
what's your plan for replacing it??
I think you should substitute Obamacare for the U.S. environment on that ship. WTF Mike, Dapl, DeVos etc....
maybe less cute cartoons and more work on the alleged replacement it's taken 8 yrs & counting to come up with
Use cartoons when you don't have facts. If you have something better, show us before repeal. Folks are so scared of losing ACA,
Are you in collusion with Russia too?
That's the dems and GOPe... :( @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr
Obamacare helped to sink the Democrats in the 2010, 2014, 2016 elections; so why resurrect it?
so where's the plan Senator? You've had 6yrs to prepare........
interesting, reminds me of the GOP. 
took a screen shot of this, I will be showing it to everyone at city hall meetings, ect.  Represent us or get out
access to health care is no laughing matter.  What is your great idea for replacement?
repeal & let the free market lower prices. Put people who can't afford HC on a government program.
Like most Republicans, Sen. Mike thinks Americans are stupid. Republicans' motto, "I got mine, too bad for you." No empathy
good that you have government health coverage and we do not
Well done Senator! Rip that piece of trash out by the roots! O-care was never about care. It was about making slaves to Gov.
what's your plan for replacment? Why are you watching the rest of us sink?
What is @SenMikeLee plan for Americans who need affordable health care?
this perfect
Fix isn't A plan. Need: economic growth/tort reform/remove commerce barriers/choice, etc. Central planning is a communist thing!
: what's your plan?
I think you shouldn't have voted a racist into office. But at least now we know YOU are a racist. SHAME ON YOU.
#GO has laser focused on repeal since ink on ACA was still wet, yet have no ready replacement! If U have 1 share it w the people
mike, I look forward to volunteering for your opponents. You are a self serving and hypocritical. #VoteMikeOut
great, then what's your plan mike? You don't have one. You never did. Repeal & replace sounds great, but as usual, it was a lie.
Do all your constituents know that "Obamacare" is actually called the Affordable Care Act?
to be honest, mike probably doesn't know this. He's out of touch and out of his depth. #VoteMikeOut
No wonder the senate has become such a partisan cage match. Quite being a dick and do what's best for the American people.
@RestoreHistory No! #RepealAndReplace
Repeal. Enrolled get 1yr to find private ins. with cert if credible coverage & open states to ins. companies to compete.
@_Kazy__ no way
There are millions who believe that repealing it would be throwing out the baby with the bath water. Let's keep the best parts.

Real Americans would never have bought insurance via this disaster.  Let 'em sink!  AmIright?
I told Republicans I have the perfect Obamacare Replacement and they never ask to see it.
Duck Tape... Duck Tape !  Haven't you ever seen that Canadian TV show ???
how long before it sinks? Then why wouldn't Senate let it sink then have laws insurance companies must obey, & free market sys?
so what's the plan for the millions of people on that ship, then? Gonna build them some rafts or just let them sink?
let them sink. Mike has his government insurance, get your own. #VoteMikeOut
Where's your Plan B? You can't be the hero in this situation without a rowboat.
he's on his own government insurance cruise ship. No concern about the sinking of this ship. #VoteMikeOut
I enjoy your sense of humor. Twice today you've made me laugh out loud.
me too. People suffering as a result of his lack of leadership and vision is hilarious! #VoteMikeOut
wow,   What is the replacement?   Crap seems you are missing that part.   I am a constituent in you district
how about repairing the Flint water system first.
Why would you deny your fellow Americans access to Healthcare!  Rationing will happen!  Don't go backwards, Fix what's broken
Stop telling lies!  You will not protect Americans with Preexisting conditions.  This is a fact.  You care about Insurance co
Do you mean the majority of Americans who support the Affordable Care Act? You're a clown.
I support Obamacare
they never give any numbers out,why it's sinking,Just wondering why?
no mimbers. No facts. Just drawings, sound bites, and propaganda. #VoteMikeOut
duhuh duhuh duhuh.....good one, Senator. /s
why would you try to raise and use the Titanic  as a Real Option..
mikey is more of a complain and confuse kind of guy. No originality, no substance. #VoteMikeOut
@bsucards1983 
Too bad Welfare is now the only way Most people can get Health Insurance
I damn sure don't want Welfare, I want to Earn my Own Way, something the Left will never Try or Experience
I am used to , unfortunately doing with out..
What is it with the Left, always Demanding Unicorn Wings ,Hens Teeth & Frog hairs or they Riot? #WakeUpAmerica
@bsucards1983 
Plus Taking subsidies is the Equivalent of Welfare,You get Subsidies-you're on Welfare,,whether or not you Admit
Are you sure that's not the current administration?
Did you dog draw that. Millions of people with preexisting conditions will die with out coverage. Do you even care?
he is unlikely to answer, so please allow me. No, he doesn't care at all. He has no plan despite having years.
get rid of it.. it's hurting us
Unsubscribed.
you're so pithy...you've had 8 years to come up with something,  and all you have are cartoons,  nice, real fucking nice.
cartoons are as good as governance, right mikey? Why isn't there a replacement plan? Because you know you can't?
why would you make fun of something that has saved my life?
I'm your constituent. Don't forget that because I won't!!
Now draw a picture of the plan you want to replace ACA with.
his drawing would be a blank piece of paper. Much like the sheet in his office labeled: replacement plan. #VoteMikeOut
Exactly. Repairing a damaged ship is better than no ship at all.
Why do I have a feeling that you'll be taking my health insurance away.
If you include Medicaid expansion, 75% of ACA beneficiaries identify as republicans. Let them have what they voted for! Death!
I agree 
I see your point but we need a life raft at least. You can't just jump ship and swim for it.
Your office won't answer calls or email.  Holladay 84115. Protect ACA you pompous gasbag.  Where's your replacement smart*ss?
Get rid of Trump, not Obamacare.
we shouldn't repair Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance? (Obamacare)
because no ideas and no plan is how you roll
even life support cant save it.
What are yall waiting on?
NO REPLACE!!!!
are these the kind of sources you used to make the DeVos decison? #notfunny
unless you have something, ANYTHING, better, you should probably lose the ill-placed attempt at humor. #unamerican #sellout
@Lynn_Rose1 Sure, that'll buff right out!
any original thoughts?  Or can you only think in other's cartoons?
what's your plan? We've been waiting for the GOP to propose an alternative since 2010. Still nothing. Just complaints.
Replace it.
Repeal and replace, please.
There are 24 million passengers on that boat and you guys blew a giant hole in it. Yeah, we should try and repair #Obamacare
mike, maybe listen to your constituents as often as you listen to party bosses. #VoteMikeOut
instead, let's just get rid of the boat, lifeboats, and the life vests, too.
Yup!  Senate Bill S. 222
Yup, senate bill s 222 is the answer that nobody wants...except for afflicted med.
And we Republicans COULD have been responsible the last 6yrs in working with it, improving it, instead of simply wining.
You cannot improve want is fundamentally flawed. The ACA does not follow the laws of economics
I have better health insurance now than ever As Med Care Provider I understand problems far more than you
right now you're not doing anything to repeal or repair Obamacare...you're doing what you've done past 6 yrs...nothing
Repeal Obamacare, replace with Medicare for All!
how about Medicare for those who are in the poorest strata and open rest to free market competition
Because there is no reason to protect profits for the health insurance industry, or for that industry to even exist.
Not pictured: The Republican Congressional Iceberg
Macroeconomics doesn't have a party. The ACA failed because it was bad policy.
Did you give this to Trump yet? I know he likes his briefings in the form of children's books.
trump doesn't read and mike doesn't think. Oh, the places they'll go. #VoteMikeOut
love your humor
2) If Republican govs would participate in the Medicaid expansion, more lives could be saved. Why spite your constituents?
Because of the astronomical costs will hurt the poorest the most.  There is an economic cost to trillion $ programs
It's not sinking Senator! There are 30 million people onboard enjoying the safe passage. Pick a different metaphor!
As an economist (in training), I think the entire thing should be scrapped and competition encouraged.
go back to your training.
put it out of it's misery, and ours...
if you repeal it don't screw the American people leaving 10's of millions without Healthcare. You'll own it as people die.
No one is denied care.  Its about how to pay for it.
"no one is denied?" Tell that to the millions that were forced to go to emergency rooms 4 routine care (paid for by us!)
The system was broken before the ACA.  The ACA just made everyone pay for it, its still broken.
you have turned it into a sinking ship.
really??? What is your plan?? It appears you guys have no clue SMH
Senate Bill S. 222.  Already introduced.
a shitty cartoon?
Mikey, you'll need more than a poilutical cartoon to replace Obamacare and you have nothing. Nothing. #VoteMikeOut
he has six years left nothing he does for several years even taking away my families insurance will hurt him
Propose a better plan or get off the pot.
Senate Bill S. 222
That is replacing ACA with a worse version of ACA. Many people lose insurance and will get much more expensive
completely disagree.  Bringing price signals back into the market will control costs and allocate resources better
Yah, just like before ACA. 
@phinneas8052 @SenMikeLee
substantive critique
I wouldn't say substance is Mikey's forte. He's much more of a regurgitate sound bites type. #VoteMikeOut
yeah, fuck all those people on board not currently drowning. Just let it sink, baby!
"Senator takes firm stance on Titanic: Wishes fewer helped."
he's as serious about replacement as a cartoon. His plan to replace doesn't exist, just like his honor.
my goal, to rally the great citizens of Utah, and vote you out of office. You are dangerous, misaligned ethically, politically
could be worse. Could be the #SCOTUS nominee
lol nice 
hahahaha let them all die!!
The replacement is not even floating yet.
Senate Bill S. 222
I looks like it is in the docks and in the process of getting ready for launch. Thanks.
