Now if we could just get the Democrats to pound sand... (resign, go home and let rational adults take their places)
#gorsuch is a constitutionalist which is how every judge should be. Thank you for fighting Sen Lee God Bless you
never should have been a vote.. Garland.
Stolen seat by GOP traitors.  Don't worry, you'll reap what you sow.
USE THE NUCLEAR OPTION! QUIT BEING PANSIES FOR THE DEMOCRATS! TREAT DEMOCRATS WITH NO MERCY! SQUASH SCHUMER!
Thanks but you and rest of Senate MUST get him confirmed. Anything less is just your allowing another defeat.
Proud to Support the Russians. #trumprussia #treason #doyourjob
Seat's stolen from Merrick Garland. Beside a President who is under investigation for collusion with Russia shouldn't be appointing judges
He is a right wing ideologue that does not belong on the court. EVER
Now That Gorsuch Is Confirmed U Must Remove Judge Gloria Navarro Nevada http://agenda21truth.blogspot.com/p/blog-page.html … She & DOJ R Not Allowing A Defense 4 #P3s
@HouseJudiciary @POTUS @JeffSessions
 #FreeOurPoliticalPrisoners #WeDemandBundyRanchTrialDismissalNow 
#WhyIsThisBeingAllowedToHappen
He's an insane, heartless, lunatic + a lousy judge
SCOTUS just 8-0 overturned one of his stupid decisions

Nominate someone else
Do not be smart then why GOP did not consider judge Garland to even vote
no you voted for someone that doesn't understand "we the PEOPLE" means HUMANS not corporations! You voted for corruption!
Nothing here of which to be proud.
We'll remember GOP advanced pick of SC seat nominated by man under investigation for collusion with foreign power during election.  Traitors
You know who else was qualified? Merrick Garland.
i'm conservative, but pls. reconsider. changing the rules for #gorsuch will delegit the senate and crt. it was wrong to deny #garland hrgs.
IF HE IS QUALIFIED THEN GET 60 TO PROVE IT!!
Thank you.
I'm pleased to stand with my colleagues in pointing out your hypocrisy. Please get over party politics and do what it right for the people.
Would you have been proud to cast a vote for Merrick Garland? He also looked pretty qualified.
GET. IT. DONE!
Going nuclear is victory in the moment, but when Dems come into power it will be a cudgel used to batter the GOP.  It's a dangerous game.
The old Senate  Democrats dimwits act as children again. Like children that Act out horrifying repulsive embarrassing there are mentors Nuc!
Absolutely qualified! Integrity first!  Senate dimwits show their intelligence they look like old children
Why do we care what you think? You're a puppet of the agenda that is killing people's rights to health care, clean energy, and human rights.
There needs to be NO 60 VOTE DEALS ON FUTURE NOMINEES WHEN PIG RUTH GINSBURG DIES.  HELL-BOUND DEMOCRATS NEED TO BE TOLD THEY LOST ELECTION!
2 of the greatest patriots in the US @tedcruz and you Senator! Making us proud every single day! #Constitution
Thank you for voting against Montenegro entry. Establishment GOP may ruin success theyve had because they wont learn what we want them to do
And we are very excited you support this treasonous act. When trump loses his head, so will you. There is a new world coming, repent!
appoint Gorsuch.  Socialism is not an alternative.  Libs won't approve anyone but a socialist liberal.  Drain the swamp!
@tedcruz @BenSasse standing by a true Constitution jurist. Thank you.
Garland is qualified too. And yet, you refused to consider him. #fakemorals
Gorusch will always be seen as illegitimate. Repubs stole this seat and you damn well know it. Your last term, Senator.
Never questioned it from you Mike. Hope you join the supreme court as well.
Shame on me
SCOTUS judges all agree that Gorsuch is not qualified or appropriate. Listen to the people who do the job!
You should have given Garland a vote. Lame. Now democrats are being lame. You all should be voted out.
Please, what are objections the Republicans have w M. Garland's qualifications? Nothing here re: stolen seat, or Gorsuch is a good man,etc.
Rules, law, constitution ... wait till investigation on Trump and group concludes.
He's qualified to give over our government to the oligarchs like the socalled-prez and traitor, Traitor-Trump shouldn't make judicial pix
Sorry senator,  you and your GOP colleagues poisoned the well... to deny this is disingenuous.
Trumps last year in office, you should wait for the next President to nominate a judge.
Do you think a @POTUS under FBI investigation should make lifetime appts? Or are you just psyched to steal a SCOTUS seat?
Hi Mikey!
Merrick Garland is qualified too. Why didn't you even let him have a hearing?
Illigitimately elected Presidents should not be allowed to appoint lifetime seats to the Supreme Court
You are the biggest hypocrite in the world! If you had your way, HRC would have nominated the next 3 or 4 supreme court judges! RINO
Stolen seat! Merriick Garland is qualified!
Enjoy your final term
Tell McConnell to quit playing swamp games and Nuke the Democrats now!!!
The democrats have been neutered.
Tens of millions of us are livid. Nuclear option will undermine trust in government. You haven't begun to hear our pounding.
Mike, Judge Gorsuch should be given a up vote ! FOR CONFIRMATION ! Joe C. Texas
Good man
Yeah, but Merrick Garland was an incredible pick. I'm pretty embarrassed to be Utahn and have you as my Sen with your pre-2017 shenanigans
Dems are crooks and crybabies
These Dems want a mouthpiece for their Far Left agenda.  Gorsuch is the only thing in their way.  Judge Neil Gorsuch is our check & balance
Was Merrick Garland not qualified?
The ONLY reason the Dems won't vote for him is because they know they won't be able to push their Far Left agenda down our throats.
The church and far right already up my ass. Have some left down your throat, maybe we can meet in the middle and work this out?
So was Garland.
I believe the senate should have voted on garland. It would have and should have been a no. But they should have done it.
Thank You senator! He is more then qualified. Wish it didn't have to go nuclear. Is a sad state of affairs.
So was Garland. Go!
11 year  ago  (D) Vote  for  Him.
Where was your pride when you were taking an active part in subverting democracy to put party over country?
Confirm  Supreme Court Judge now  for  all  American God Bless you and Thank you you all 
So was Merrick Garland.

Was Merrick Garland not also qualified? Why no vote?
Would you liberals take your head out of your butt please. Joe Biden and Charlie stop numerous nominations that were qualified election yrs
So was Merrick Garland.
No Garland was Corrupted
