wow. This is a narrow and ignorant view. I'm so sad to hear you express so little regard for this planet.
Are you serious? Did you understand his point at all? Higher prices for everyone for 0.2 degrees in 100 years. Let's find a better way.
I'm dead serious. He completely hid the relevant fact that yes it'll be 0.2 degrees lower than now but prevent a rise in 2 degrees Celsius
a rise in 2 C is massive and climate scientists (who he quotes and believes for the 0.2 figure) agree that it's a point of no return
the purpose of the paris deal wasn't for the sake of Paris but for the earth's atmosphere and prevent those 2 degrees. Lie by omission
The fact that you read his incorrect article and believed it shows how damaging lies for political purposes can be. He should be ashamed.
Until we address the effects BIOENGINEERING & ANIMAL AG has on climate change, the whole discussion is pointless.
No. I live in Provo. I have to breathe this. Putting Provo before elsewhere would mean letting me breathe without it making me sick.
Are you serious? Provo does not have a coal power plant anywhere near it. It's an orographic issue. Stop driving your car to have better air
Do you think Provo knows it's in one of the two highest-polluting countries on Earth? Or that air, you know, circulates?
Are you serious? WF does not have a coal power plant anywhere near it. It's an orographic issue. Stop driving your car to have better air.
Also:
I would like to send Lee to Beijing to breath the air for a few years and see what he thinks of clean air. Wasatch Front is unhealthy.
Actually, I wouldn't mind sending Lee anywhere other than here. Unfortunately, it wouldn't last, he would always be returned.
Hey Mike, read the comments on this article such as: Lee has accepted 'contributions' of nearly 1/2 $ Millions from coal and oil industry,
You need to spend more time in Utah ... in winter ... trying to breathe this air.
Are you serious? WF does not have a coal power plant anywhere near it. It's an orographic issue. Stop driving your car to have better air.
In the big picture this is absolutely not true. This is one of many environmental decisions that endanger citizens across the US.
Thank you for supporting our President!!  Repubs in Congress must stay focused on progress despite distractions.  Need judges. Thank you!
Sir, please state information correctly & throughly. Paragraph with 0.2 is misleading, incomplete & lacks important information abt facts
Don't get outside much do you?
It would suck to lose that lovely wintertime inversion layer.
Are you serious? WF does not have a coal power plant anywhere near it. It's an orographic issue. Stop driving your car to have better air.
Why didn't Trump shut down Netflix to save the Blockbuster in Payson?! #jobs #whatcenturyisit
when was the last winter you spent in Utah, trying to breath the air here?
If y'all kill the world for my grandchildren so you can enjoy Provo pollution If you had any foresight you left it behind

I love the way the air looks when the valley fills with smog - truth in advertising: you can see what you're breathing.
Strong disagree. Name-calling about "liberal elites" doesn't convince me that you understand climate change, and that's my real concern.
the election can't come soon enough.
Have you ever tried to breathe the air in Provo in winter? One of the reasons I left Utah was lack of clean air in Utah County.
Wrong, sir! Absolutely not. Withdrawal from the #ParisAccord #Parisis a disaster for Utah County, a disaster for the globe. Shameful!
and you are proud about putting money interests before the health of Utahns?   Wow. I understand you much better now.
Yes we know you love dirty power.
How about putting country and constitution before president?
There were no sources on this article, how are we supposed to trust any of the information stated? We can't. We just can't.
You are putting a few coal executives before everyone else.
Thank you @SenMikeLee for support @POTUS  PULLING OUT Of the Paris plan. All the sky is falling folks don't get it. We need to plant trees
Money before health and beauty
Amen
"Provo before Paris." Cute. Wrong, but cute.
La di da! I cannot believe this is a good thing for a state where air pollution is a serious issue?!
Because what need is MORE air pollution, right?!
Your tweets continue to show how completely out of touch you are with utah and your constituents.  Keep it up- it makes it an easy fight.
This guy has to go. Ppl- get behind the local redistricting initiatives. He says this shit bc he thinks he is safe W/the gerrymandering.
Are supposedly representing. Almost 90% of your campaign $ come from out of state and 99% of you loyalty.
You make me sicker than breathing ozone in peak inversion season. You have no shame and not a care for the people you
You can look at it and not see thought it dome days here, we need clean renewable energy and the jobs that it creates.
Are you high or just blinded by donations from coal and oil companies? Have you looked at or breathed the air lately?
More dopey alliteration. You should get together with Jesse Jackson; heloves that silly meaningless stuff too.
No, it put a special interest above my air quality. #CleanAir is Utah's real health crisis #cleancoalisntclean
You know there is nothing, that said they had to do any of that. Seriously, what is wrong with you. Hatch has Alzheimer's, what's ur excuse?
We are? Are you sure?
Wonderful! Now this is a news report I'm happy to hear about. Thank you, Senator & thank you President Trump!
You and Trump could jump off a cliff for all I care, you both make me sick, only care about yourselves! 
Hi Mike Lee.
Trump & you are turning the USA into Flint
btw. WHO says pollution kills 12 M people per yr. 
and thats more than terrorism
The Paris climate agreement wasn't about Paris, it was about the planet.
We have some of the worst air pollution in the nation what makes you think we want more coal
Sen. Lee, I don't think you understand this issue, nor do I think you care about your constituents. They seem to agree; you're out of touch.
It put Provo before the World and the U.S.
Problem here, it's not a liberal issue. Science is based on fact finding. You are looking In rearview mirror.
I love that you now support the POTUS but we R watching you. Your convention antics are not easily forgotten. You still have penance to do
Such a partisan tool
Sad that you think of profit over our children's future
Clean power seems like a really smart and forward thinking idea.  No wonder you and trump wanted out of Paris Climate accord. SAD
What do you think is the alternative to Clean power Plan?killing is easier than constructing a plan . Hope Trump has a better plan .
Nuclear power is clean alternative no one wants to discuss anymore. Ask Europe about nuclear energy,thats where they get theirs.
84010. Not persuasive article. I disagree with your stance. Will not be voting for you next election.
You jackhole. You're backing the worst president in history
But did he put Provo before or after Pittsburgh?
Alphabetically Provo comes after Pittsburgh 
@the material they use 2make panels r not environment friendly they have coconut trees around the house the nuts fell &scratched the panel
My parents in India had solar panels we studied about them they r not constant energy suppliers traps 10%to 15% of sunlight not efficient
This tweet puts Obsequious before Oxygen.
Empty sloganeering. There's a serious problem here that the GOP is pretending doesn't exist.
Everyone has to get in on the alliteration.
If Hurt and Blah blah blah  together We The people sad  and  Tearing up  please not eat together.
Help Country Come together First all Lives Matter right or left. Our Country Will be more Strong together first
The republicans are embarrassing.
That's very well written.
I know. Wouldn't it be terrible if Provo had breathable air?
No. Putting Provo first means protecting the air here for my kids and me to breathe. Have you seen our winter inversions?
Probably not he's in DC. Trump and Lee could care less about provo's air.
How about Provo before Party?
And you might add that Paris was NOT about 'climate', but all about wealth distribution - from middle class to foreign elites...
Then what *is* your plan to improve air quality in Provo (and the rest of the Wasatch front)? Surely you understand why Utahns are concerned
And destroy the world for our grandkids. Thank you Trump and Republicans.
Sad that the American president working for American interests is newsworthy, but that's where we are. Sadder: he is reviled for doing so.
The only account to tweet in support of what @SenMikeLee claimed is an empty bot account created to send just this one tweet. Sad!
It's like Jesus said, "Blessed are they that put Jerusalem before Samaria."
That is if you want much higher asthma rate for kids in Provo as there is in Oklahoma, thx to Pruitt. Your idiocy is unbelievable.
Oh Senator, you've got a typo there, it should read "profit before Provo". Provo and Paris breathe the same air.
Actually it's putting Exelon before Indiana
Bullshit
