@SenMikeLee @RandPaul Why don't you focus on Healthcare and Tax Reform??? Looks like all your trying to do is slow down the POTUS's success
Neither @SenMikeLee or @RandPaul have ever served in the military. What makes them think they would know when the best time to strike is?
Less Government! Let the military do their jobs and keep us safe! Haven't you learn anything over the last 8 years?
Right. So we talk it to death, not come to a consensus, play politics, and respond much later nullifying the effectiveness of the strike.
We don't want ground troops in Syria
They're already there.  The New York Times 
Obama Sends Special Operations Forces to Help Fight ISIS in Syria
Thank u
It's not War... @POTUS don't need congress for swift protection rights.Your bill dead on arrival! Create jobs! Stop Drugs! Deport Illegals!
Thank u
Such a waste of taxpayer money. Get healthcare done, the wall, taxes... #DoYourJob!
In this case, they are. @RandPaul & @SenMikeLee are telling the Executive to respect Article 1 Section 8 Clause 11 of the US Constitution.
If u say that again I'm going to puke
No President should act with War like aggression without Congressional approval. Not that congress always helps. Look at Iraq.
Exactly
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
never mike lee is what i say
@POTUS did not need congressional approval to strike in Syria. Also, the bill you are proposing is a waste of time.
establishes @POTUS as the Commander in Chief and grants him authority to direct the military at all times including limited military action.
The Constitution give Congress the authority to formally declare war in Article I, Section 8,  Clause 11; however, Article 2, section 2...
@missjonieooaks @RandPaul @SpectrumNews How long did it take to get @POTUS appointees passed? US doesn't need more inside blocks
Thank u
Biggest problem with today's military. Politicians with absolutely no military experience trying to control the military
Whoop hoodoo amen
I disagree, some actions require surprise, Congress has too many leaks
Thats exactly the  problem  plus they would  beat it to death
Until @SenTedCruz tells me @POTUS did something constitutionally wrong by bombing Syria then it must be legit. No one knows our laws better
Powers delegated to the legislative branch, NOT the executive branch, include Article 1 Section 8 Clause 11 of the US #Constitution.
Blah blah blah blah
Nothing that has to go to Congress is EVER agreed upon.  I saw, leave the current laws in place, they serve a purpose of expediency!
A bill cannot change the Constitution. That requires a Constitutional Convention.
I don't think that's necessary
Why  so u all can warn the enemy  and fight over it why don't you all let the only decent President  we be had handle it with his generals
Why do upeople have to know before the president  and his very  competent  staff  of generals make a decision  that the Congress  dont
Seriously? You dim wits never had this in place in the past?
Problem now is how do you stop after throwing that punch...18 dead Syrians, misdirected missile. #syriahoax #firekushner
I disagree with @SenMikeLee on many things, but I am in full agreement on this!
Mike Lee joins @RandPaul on bill requiring congressional approval for Syria-type military action: http://www.thespectrum.com/story/news/2017/04/11/mike-lee-joins-rand-paul-bill-requiring-congressional-approval-syria-type-military-action/100328330/ … via @SpectrumNews
Why u don't have control to mess it up all u congress  are is a bunch of blabber mouths
Actually Rand Paul has been consistently with requiring Congressional approval for war. It's the "muh Constitution" crowd being hypocritical
These Senators need to read. It's not war-different
It was a message. Stay out of our way while we eliminate ISIS. He is in a position now to understand international law.
I think that is not good due by the time senate got involved every one would know what we going to do
And absolute proof of allegations, not just going by media fake news!
Yeah that's stupid. 2 thumbs down for that .
Not going to happen.  Congress is too slow.
A strike is one thing, war is another.
Pres needs immediate strike option.
Congress is too slow for this. Sorry, you're wrong on this one
mike Lee needs to do his job and get the healthcare done!!!!
he only needs your approval to declare war, get over your self!!!!
War Powers Act is bullshit. The President is Commander in Chief and you are the purser. Until he runs out of cash it's his game.
Thank you and God
Third person tweets are creepy. Stop it!
Literally thought this was already illegal. Did legislature delegate authority on this?
Cool. Have a town hall. See what your constituents think.
Still fighting for Hillary. Pathetic. Cruz and Hillary can't be President. Trump won. Get over it.
I have a strong feeling if Trump would have went to Congress with his plan it would have been leaked everywhere.. need to fix that first
why worry about leaks when WH notifies russia directly... just a ploy to divert attention from domestic failures & criminal investigations
Hurry up!!! @POTUS it's getting more dangerous by minute!!! @realDonaldTrump @freedomcaucus @WhiteHouse @LouDobbs @IvankaTrump @asamjulian
This is a great idea Mike. You guys are doing such a great job with everything else. Now responding 2 threats will be politicized and leaked
Congress can't do health care how are they going to do anything else. They are all down with there own agenda
They just need to let Rand Paul have a say and then everything will be fine :)
How do we reach @realDonaldTrump he must have constitutionalists like u as advisers-why isn't the swamp being drained?
He's working on it are u 70 yrs old and been in office 2 and a half months
This isnt necessarily a bad idea...But what track record does Congress have of moving quickly in response to human rights violations?
This is 1 of the benefits of the executive branch in our government. Someone in the position to respond quickly in defense of those in need!
Why is a new bill needed? How about working on repealing Obamacare instead?
It's a damn shame we need to pass a bill requiring our government to follow the freaking CONSTITUTION, but hey, what the hell do I know.
How long,Sirs, do u think it would take to get Congress to approve that??? 2 years?  Ever?
This was not an act of war.
That will only make the USA soft again.
I'm disappointed in you.  POTUS needs ability to make a quick strike.
Agree that he should of had Congress approval.  More important for the Congress to work on #FullRepeal and #BuildTheWall #KeepYourPromise
This may prevent them from promoting themselves as against unpopular action in hindsight just to save their jobs.
This is a fine step. Honestly Congress would have rubber-stamped this act of war. I love the idea of tying the responsibility to them.
Acting out stupid is not good for votes
#StandWithRand
Mike and Rand, please don't allow the EU and expansionist Albanians to interfere with Macedonian sovereignty. Thank u.
No need for a bill when you have this thing called the US Constitution... Force the Federal government to actually follow it.
Thank you Senators for rep our voices.
What is wrong with you 2? Congress is the biggest bunch of blabber mouths on Earth.
We'll be dead by the time congress is finished voting on something.
So true
Congress has already proved it is incompetent . Please leave the military in Presidents hands and stay the hell out.
You guys shouldn't need to pass a new bill, just repeal the Warpowers act.
That's being ridiculous! You guys r the problem tying POTUS hands. Where were u Mike when obama sent billions in cash to Iran? U didn't ?
Actions like this are making them irrelevant.
No! They are taking the wrong road. @POTUS actions are backed up by the Constitution! If your that blind then call for convention of states!
Two Leonidas and 98 Ephialtes in the Senate? BRAVO to both!!!
Nnooooooo. You all squabble everything into oblivion and then take a recess. There is ONE Commander-in-Chief and it's not Congress.Thank God
There is 1 cmdr-in-chief, but he can't be a dictator. Powers delegated to CONGRESS, not the President, include Article 1 Section 8 Clause 11
Yes but just take a look at the crazy congress
Forget that. We need action Not talk.
As Ut voter you know the Pres only needs congressional approval under war powers act when he exceeds certain conditions stop political talk!
Trump now being praised for Clintons foreign policy. Winning alright... Smh. Glad a few of you still have a backbone #ThankYou
Probably going to be on govt shutdown side as well. No negotiations no compromise. No legislation nothing new
Don't! The President is Commander and Chief, not Congress. How about you do your job and get the courts in order first?
Pres Trump announced he wasn't bringing in troops so I'm confused. He is not going to war so doesn't need your permission.
Starting to think you two (espl Rand) do anything to obstruct everything. You need to support our president instead of backstabbing him.
Thank u and how about having a medical Bill ready a long time ago
Does nobody read the war powers act.
it has taking you over 7 years to get rid of BarackCare. The only job a Pres is responsible for is Military. He has great people in charge
I have no problem with this bill; but...I do have a problem with the entire world knowing what the military plan is..where and when...etc...
Congress can't pass anything! When was the last time they worked together on anything? @SenMikeLee & @RandPaul just empowered enemy!
Don't y'all have a health care bill to be working on? Wtf
These two Republicans are acting like Democrats, vote for another Republican to replace them
If you value your position then you should stay away from Paul, he's bad news. Thinks he's president.
Mike lee and Paul Rand the president already has the approval get a life move on to healthcare and taxes
Don't shackle the President with this bureaucratic nonsense, he didn't start a war & this type of limited strike should be within his power.
If that happens, we all should carry a spare surrender flag when we go out.
By the time you would get a bill thru hell would have frozen over and all of Syria's people would have been annihilated. And no approval yet
Sit down boys.

No longer republican because y'all did nothing to stop Obama but Trump making difference and there for the people and y'all can't stand it
Why did y'all not do this when Obama in y'all let him get by with murder oh and Bush war. Y'all bunch hypocrites y'all the reason I am
As if you guys can agree on anything. Leaking, indecisive, disfunction, yeah this is a great idea. Smh
@realDonaldTrump  Ridiculous! The PRESIDENT does not NEED congressional approval in cases that he does  not pronounce as an act of war. Duh
Just another attempt from congress to attain power not designated to them. If it were, we would be in another Obama era of kowtowing
the Constitution already requires?
this would be great if you didn't have traitors like Keith Ellison & others in congress.Cant b trusted
Need new AUMF since Obama was using one given to Bush. Never had Congressional approval for Libya. @timkaine was also advocate
Law is the #Constitution so enforce it. @POTUS is Commander in Chief ONLY when Congress calls Military into actual service. Article 2, Sec 2
I would think that already in the Constitution.....or is that not used anymore
Why don't u read it
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@Presidency_Sy 
@HassanRouhani 
@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage 
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard 
@justinamash
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump
@potus likes to "slap down" those who challenge him @randpaul @senmikelee need to move to #CensureTrump for illegal act of war
It will never pass but nice try.
No need to pass a bill... it's already written down in The Constitution
More crazy. Just how private would that be?
Fix Healthcare!!!!
Just rescind the authorization for use of military force.
Mike Lee is about "The Moment." Always has been and always will be.
We are better off with out that since these knit wits in congress can't keep their mouths shut. They would put out press releases on when.
You don't need a bill, you already have the Constitution
Now see if y'all 2 can work together to get Al Sharpton to pay his taxes
If U worry bout #seniors WHY NOT PAY #MedicareTaxes on $65,000 that U #DONT PAY,that $650K n10 yrs,TIME that by 6.5Mill Fed Emp #LotsofMeals
Can you guys do healthcare yet?
Yup, let Assad know the missiles are coming through congressional debate. Effective!
Congress has already demonstrated that it can't solve healthcare or balance a budget (let alone, pass one on time). Now, this?
That was never Govts real intentions. Far more money in making a mess & billing taxpayers
Thank you for doing the people's business.
No my biz,congress couldnt pass a turtle,because of people like mike and rand
Well Mike by doing that all the time you give the enemy time to move what you would coming against. Example: the chemical weapons in Iraq.
Will the loose canon listen maybe if lets his daughter decide like on bombing last week SAD
Two thumbs up.
Only 58 to go. 
Unless Senate Rules are finally and forever changed to eliminate the antiquated anachronistic filibuster.
Obama Lyons action there was no bill
you are not the CIC - stick to your job and leave the President to his
I thought there was already something like that in Washington. I believe it's called the constitution.
Something to ponder...
There's two supreme powers exercised politically and socially: war and peace. War being war and peace being (cont)
(cont) law enforcement that maintains and preserves peace. If all political and social power is inherent to "we the people", as (cont)
(cont) individuals, how do we extend those powers to representatives while safeguarding it unto ourselves as the sole owners thereof?
(cont) In other words, how do "we the people" ensure that we truly have the final say in how those powers are exercised?
And that's why modern society is so great! Because of those flying contraptions people can quickly reconvene in DC! #DERP
Why the need to draw circles around your role? With this "special circumstance"?
Because the Constitution
Not I'm all cases you need to read further
GOOD JOB SENATOR LEE!󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦
Doesnt the Patriot Act give the President authorization? How can we ensure dems dont obstruct or leak classified discussion?
So what you're saying is U want a monarchy as opposed 2 a constitutional republic? I guess as long as the King that U support is in office..
Well we lost freedom and went to forcibly to a monarchy when 911 occurred. That is why those that funded are still running free. Saudi Arabs
Please keep McMaster in check.
This is far left  War  dictator War.  not go safe life together.
Please  Back off Syria  not  go Over  They  stop now.
