Liar. This is just for Trump's bitter billionaire club. 96% of all respondents expressed support for the monument
@CNN @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC 

Mike, are there ANY patriotic Republicans?
If so, PLEASE name them!
I'll name myself as a VERY patriotic republican!
I'll reserve judgement until you start spewing about libtards.
Please. Most thinly veiled nonsense. Shame on you; NO ALTERATIONS to O U R public lands.  OURS.
A report from a neutral authority, or a political hack? Yeah, that's what I thought. Partisans see only what they want to, facts be damned.
The fact is...the people who live right here beside the monument DO NOT WANT IT!!!
The facts I've seen are that some do, some don't, but it's not their call. The land belongs to the US people, has since before statehood.
How about you focus on something important like getting GOP leadership out into the public domain to fight on behalf of my President?
Pffft
Hey, it's your state. Drill, frack, cut the shit out of it for all I care. Just remember, not nice to fool Mother Nature.
Sure lets frack there tourist and wildlife love #fracking maybe a #CoalGenplant or better yet radioactive storage facility. can have Hanford
I am an American citizen and your comment that we need to wrap up the investigation makes me truly sick.

What a twunt.
You and some others must be the greediest people in the world.
The greed is the environmentalists that came & decided they should take the land that we have loved & cared for & lock it up
You act as though it was private land.  It wasn't.  Environmentalists give my grandchildren a slight chance to enjoy saved magnificence.
No! It has always been protected by the BLM and FS and the people that live here have taken VERY good care of it!
And even better care will be given  Bears Ears National Monument now and I hope for all time and it sounds like that is what we both want.
It does no such thing. Why don't you want the citizens of your own state to enjoy our lands? Oh yeah big oil funds your campaign.
I love "Our Lost Constitution ".  I wish all kids knew of John Wilkes 45. Looking forward to getting your new book. God Bless you!
Thank you for fighting for Utah.
Yes Senator Lee..THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart! Our voices (in SJC) were heard!
Why do you ignore your constituents?
He didn't ignore us people who live right here in the shadow of BENM. We have a lifetime of memories and traditions on that mountain!
And a monument only protects those memories! & what of the native Americans whose memories are much older than yours?
The Native Americans that live here do not want it either!
I cannot believe that the Utah congressional delegation just ignores the desires of the Utah people.  You are terrible.reps and senators.
They're doing an awesome job representing the majority of Utahns.
Nah
WHY ISN'T HE BEING INVESTIGATED AND PROSECUTED FOR TREASON? HE IS AN ILLEGAL ALIEN, ILLEGAL PRES. AND NEED TO BE INVESTIGATED NOW! A TRAITOR
Define abuse, Mike Lee. You don't know the definition.
We deserve to know the truth no matter what that is! It is sickening that you don't stay up for what's right!
The trust of the American people? The emolument clause? Didn't sexually assault anyone or ridicule handicapped people either. Just a start
Didn't fed secret Intel of allies to Russians-Son in law didn't try to set up Back door channels with the Russians didn't fire FBI invest...
Respectfully disagree, & appalled by your support of @SecretaryZinke 's recommendation. You don't represent my view as a Utahn. #BearsEars
No it doesn't.  It shows that he didn't listen to the tribes.
You are a traitor. Trump sold us to Russia AND is breaking the constitution every day and you know it. #TrumpRussia
People, the real news is that Obama, Soros, Clinton, Lynch, Comey, now Mueller,  Podesta and more - all are guilty of Treason.
adjacent to the Grand Escalante: prevents clean coal from being dug out and prevents ranchers from grazing. Massive land grab for nothing
What are the legal ramifications if any against the former president. Or is this just another example of the 2 tiered legal system in US
Liar.  It confirms that the deal to dismantle our environ legacy was made after GOP suck ups like you went down on their knees before  POTUS
What do your "donors" want out of there, oil coal? Go ahead and ruin it, the boomer generation is the most selfish generation in history.
And you're only interested in lining your own pockets. 
hi. mike Lee. I am your father.
if your turn utah into FLINT MI. that might be frowned upon.
please come to a town hall to discuss.

When will you act on Trump's many violations of the constitution?
YOU have betrayed the Utahns who elected you and want Bears Ears to be a Nat'l Monument. Why? So your fossil fool cronies can exploit it.
Or maybe he's representing the larger number of his constituents that wanted Bears Ears repealed?
That depends on the poll:
As should be, it depends on us locals who live in its shadow and DO NOT WANT IT!!
You choose to side with multinational corporations instead of the american people on #NetNeutrality. What's your motivation here?
You misspelled "repeal"
You should be ashamed! Do the Koch Bros. compose your tweets?
Just say you hate Pres Obama #prettyobvious
I hate President Obama
How about standing up to the current President who's ripping apart this nation. Remember your oath to the people
Let go of Obama hate and move on. DOJ will show evidence Trump collusion/obstruction when good and ready- please respect the rule of law.
Exonerated? Have you read vast majority of legal experts? Wonder your reaction if Obama suggested Comey let HRC email invest. go? Be honest.
Loud Mike spewing more nonsense. We all pay your salary; how about doing some real work. Shameful.
And...?

Got a bill?

Got sponsors in the House?

So far you've got only executive aparatchniks toeing the party line. 

Pass legislation.
RIGHT SEN. LEE!!!
Next...
Do you even know this is arches? Not Bears Ears??
Utah voted for Trump and 4 GOP reps. Don't cry about the parks and monuments now. It's too late. You have the gov you voted for.
BHO can't let go! Time for him to be consumed by history! And fade away.....
Also pat yourself on the back for the lawsuit that will ensue, but the GOP in Utah have never had a problem wasting taxpayer money.
It doesn't prove that at all.  You are not representing us, the majority of your constituents on this or most other matters.  Shame on you!
And the statement about why you're not holding hearings on health care?
Well Duh..You Repubs need to do your job and help our President! Its really sad
Poor Mike Lee, sucking that Trump dong so bad & getting nothing in return.
I hope you don't teach that baby your dribble
Speaking of abuse of power, can you tell us something about the secret process you're part of for "reforming" our healthcare?

And the public comments submitted during the paltry comment period reveal the majority of comments favor #BearsEars as a monument.
Reverse that illegal land grab! In fact reverse everything that Barry did. This is Utah and theirland and their decision. DTS!
Please reform to:
Article 1
Section 8
Clause 17
Can somebody in congress tell America what was it that Obama didn't abuse? Anyone? .....
Too bad most of your constituents disagree with you. Anything for the Dear Leader, huh? Shame on you.
This constituent loves Mike lee
Wendy is a bot
This doesn't make any sense?
Oh heavens no!
You need to stand up and end this charade in Congress. This whole Democrat tactic is to stop the @GOP and @POTUS in your tracks.
Do you anticipate that Congress will conduct a review of the Antiquities Act and update or abolish it?
YES!
He should know not to touch the Mormons & their Bear Ears! Mike when ya have him served or arrested, you let all of us know! Nobody else is.
Your previous tweet said it was a "balanced and fair report". Why are you now saying the Antiquities Act was abused?
That is an out and out lie.  How can you sleep at night.  The original decision went on forever and listened to all sides.
The original decision had paid supporters bussed in so that opponents couldn't be heard. That certainly sounds one sided to me...
You're talking a one day field trip.  The decision over Bears Ears had gone on forever.  Yeah I'm biased.  Public lands can be closed to us.
no, it doesn't.

PRES. OBAMA FAILED TO STOP 2015 & 2016 RUSSIAN CYBER ATTACK! COMEY, BRENNAN, CLAPPER HEADS OF INTEL THAT FAILED TO STOP RUSSIAN CYBER ATTACK
Why does the Antiquities Act exist? Bill Clinton was advised to exploit it, as well. Seems it's only ever used nefariously/negatively.
I think it's sickening that people voted for a racist sexual predator...so....
POTUS was never accused of being racist until he ran for office. Same with accusation of sexual predator. Seen the game played out before, 
Uhhh, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for racial discrimination.
