70 Years of Fire Suppression, Logging Bans
Massive Forest Overgrowth
Historic Fuel Loads
Diseased Forests ~~> Leads to

Catastrophic Fires
Western forests have ALWAYS had catastrophic fires. They are fire dependant and require stand replacing fires on a routine basis.
If you have constant timber stand replacement....you never have an apex forest.  See i.e. Converse Basin pre-logging = Apex Forest.
I've studied wildfire for a very very long time and have never heard the term "apex forest" before.
Twitter is not the right forum for this.  No way to educate you in 140 character riffs. Suffice to say you dont know what you're talking abt
lol. My good friend Google has no idea what you are talking about either. Maybe it's you?
Exactly. The federal restrictions are ridiculous, at least let us cut out the dead wood to prevent fires such as these in the future
u guys have stone-lickers&tree huggers there that would rather see an entire forest of dead trees than a treed forest w/ a stump here&there?
Not here, that's the federal government for you
Shut up and vote for the healthcare bill.
Dear Mr. Lee... we have a man who stands AGAINST A FREE PRESS in the White House. #25thAmendmentNow Do you despise America and freedom?
Do you still beat your wife?
OR Dept of Forestry puts out State Fires, the Feds monitor fires Congress cut funding for fuels reduction this is their costly alternative.
Congress can't prevent forest fires any more than Congress can prevent trees from pollinating. 100+ years of science /1
show that forests experience entire stand replacing fire. It's not a catastrophe or disaster - it's part of the ecosystem. /2
Logging and grazing won't "fix" this because it isn't a problem in the first place. The smart move is in fire sustainable communities.
#25thAmendmentNow
Lee ENDORSES Trump

 Promoting VIOLENCE towards ANYONE who ask questions
 Cutting YOUR Health Care
 Lifting Obama's Russian Sanctions
Lee isn't interested in putting out the Trumpster fire burning down our democracy.
Use the States example as a working model for the Feds. Get in there a get the job done. State is accountable to land owners Fed is not.
This makes me angry just reading the dumb, sheltered, ramblings of the rock likkers, and bunny huggers.
Great pivot. Now, about our healthcare???
Despite what you think, people were affected by the fire too.
Was not at all suggesting they weren't.
Then why would you suggest Mike Lee is "pivoting" instead of simply addressing an issue affecting his constituents?
Because we have yet to see any substantive statement from him regarding the Senate healthcare bill.
Also, why can't he address the fire in his constituency?
Sure he can. Just don’t be so sure it’s his constituency/Utah he’s looking out for & not oil/gas industries.
You'll have to explain the advanced chess that leads this tweet to the oil/gas industries.
#fires #parks #human #problem
While Rome burns they talked about fires.
Condoms could've better prevented you, putz
I think the  environmentalist  need to back off and get the dead trees taken down. They made it worse.
You don't have a boots on the ground understanding of what causes wild land fire. Stop blowing smoke and go see what causes it beforehand.
Is your head on fire?  Do something It appears McConnell has thrown down the gauntlet  People are tired of you obstructionist views
Mike Lee knows what's up.
It appears congress can't do much of anything except kiss trumps ass of nonsense.
You abdicate your responsibility as a member of the senate when you say you can't tell Trump that his behavior is unbecoming the office.
You are going down with Trump. There is a brewing REBELLION by normal people.
It should be BLMM (mis-management).  Any time Gov't tried to decide what's best it falls flat.  Keep up the good fight Sir.
Nope, it's the fault of this idiot who didn't think anyone had the right to tell him not to use a flame thrower to weed his yard.
#THEusERA >)
and now they just want to sell it off to their cronies to make more money!!!
Repeal health care fine let's start with you doing without heath care for u and family after all you supposed to represent us, shame on you
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/07/02/spineless-answer-sen-mike-lee-shows-gop-crash-burn-trump.html … #pussy #spineless @SpeakerRyan @gop
You must help! But I also believe that @senategop & @housegop is responsible for "Trump Head" fire! You should do more to control the burn!
You own Trump. Own up to it
Your comments on Face The Nation about Trump were those of a coward. You have no moral compass or spine.
Like the one @realDonaldTrump started this morning? I live in Utah & I expect you to care. I'm still upset. It's the Sabbath. I blocked him.
The President is our worst firestorm. I implore you to DO something with him. Please!
With his billionaire friends whose mission is to destroy the agency from within.  How long r u going to let this go on before u do anything?
No senator, trump's hateful tweets r not ok.  He is inciting violence against anyone who doesn't agree with him. Also, he is filling swamp
Please don't coddle the POTUS and his reprehensible behavior. You're above that as a senator.
This is si disturbing. I'm thinking you lie and can't be trusted .....
Each Big Forest Fire produces more carbon and soot than all mancaused carbon and soot for all time
Millions of years passed before humans cut timber. Fires are neccessary but structures need  protection. FS budgets are cut to the bone.
Probably true. Probably not the laws you're thinking. 

Support more funding for (non commercial) management.
No, don't use the evil P word...profit is evil!
Profit isn't evil. But often causes bad decisions when long term isn't considered...or when non-$ things matter.
And the contribution to climate change you and other "science for hire" politicians have made?Bought and paid for
Stop trying to steal our land! I am so sick of your pretend concern for large government, but then you try to entwine yourself in everything
The person who started the fire has the most blame
False. The land management has been terrible, if it weren't him it would have been something else.
Spot on. Many of our problems stem from the federal "one-size-fits-all" approach and could be solved with a healthy dose of federalism.
Human-caused climate change caused > half of the increases in fuel aridity since the 1970s and doubled the cum. forest fire area since '84.
Analysis suggests that anthropogenic climate change will continue to chronically enhance the potential for western US forest fire activity.
So if you and Congress choose to do nothing re #climatechange, you deservedly share in the blame.
That is why we need state control of our lands - not feds!!!
DC Dorks passed gun control on themselves. They cant even get elitism right. I wouldnt trust them with two sticks in the middle of a forest.
...come to think of it, they don't even need to be anywhere near a forest to burn it down. All they need is some office space. 
Smokey told me only I could prevent them...
Mike.
The USFS is not Constitutional.
You know this is true, right?
Feds can't manage State land, and most federal land is stolen.
Aren't you in Congress???  Oh I forgot you are anti-Utah.  I own land 10 miles from that fire. You really need to get with the program.

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Only you can prevent forest fires
Mike Lee, only you can prevent forest fires.
