But still not town hall in person, Senator? You're a disgrace to NC! 
offices closed and phones off. Thanks Tillis.
Glad you exposed your admiration for Goldman Sachs.

2018. We will not forget you are for the 1% and not your constiuents.
@rushlimbaugh Time or you to go Paperboy not a Conservative  Republicans.Go back & deliver papers cuck boy
Trump is is a lying con man. Traitor. Stop pandering to him. 

Country First!
I am a constituent and I say NO to the Gorsuch nomination. #resist
.@SenThomTillis @Courier_Tribune funny you say that because we showed up to your Charlotte office today and they closed it down to avoid us.
Funny that he says that. When has he been back in NC?

. 2 even SUGGEST that Goldman Sach is 4 the "little guy" is delusional. U sucking the same cock as @POTUS?
so what's your upcoming schedule for the 3 week break in april? 
Be like Lindsey Graham and grow a pair.
we need our representatives in Washington to support the new healthcare bills asap..very disappointed
does Goldman Sachs answer for you?
I'm one of you constituents & beg you not to vote for Devos. I tried calling & can't get through.I won't remain silent !

If anyone sees our Senator, please call the number on this billboard (77N)
Hey dude, if you are for more H1B visa holders as I have heard, then you should be replaced by an H1B holder
Independent investigation of Russian connections. Nunes should go to jail.
when do you plan to come and meet face to face with your constituents?
Anyone who supports killing ACA and adopting Trump care is either not human or is a sociopath.
~ Help? Border Wall Please. Show some Real American Values for once. Or run as a anti-American democrat!
.@SenThomTillis Cool. Will someone be there tomorrow at 6:30am to explain why you are ignoring constituents' requests and confirming DeVos?
77,000 dollars in donations to Tillis by Devos last election
: nauseating. And Burr's website has a release practically kissing her butt. FRUSTRATING!
Burr received 43,000 from Devos
Yeah, but your not.  You keep ducking.
Sen. Tillis, please explain how how your #NC constituents benefit from your vote to allow companies to access their private internet data?
so you're selling my broadband info and you can't even meet face to face and defend your actions?
Coward
More bad news for #Trumpcare - @amprog estimates the bill will kill 1.8 million jobs by 2022
VOTE NO if health bill comes your way.
Wait to confirm ANY MORE nominees until RUSSIAGATE is settled.If Trump Pence are guilty do you support them?
As a conservative Republican i am fooled  by you .As I Voted for Reagan twice you sir are no Republican
Gorsuch cares nothing for anyone.
stop LIEING 2 the ppl liar
DeVos likes to talk a lot about "school choice." Here's what she really means. http://bit.ly/2jXyUMo 
someone that thinks The Flintstones is a documentary @ plagiarizes is not best for my kids. Vote No on DeVos
Sebastian Gorka is a Nazi. How much more does it take before you realize Trump. Is. Evil?
too bad they don't answer their phone or get back with anyone. Ok we'll catch  up at Lake Norman soon.
Stop hiding from us! We want Sessions to resign!
Hiding Might be a good idea right now. You need to go be with the freaking border patrol. NC doesn't want u.
Please do not Vote for this American Healthcare disaster.!!
@ypegasus7 no town hall meetings? Don't worry bout running again,you already knew about this health care
Why no censoring of your Senate colleague Steve King for outright racism?
Is tax revenue being diverted from programs & agencies to pay off Russia and support 45's houses & trips?
chicken
How about more than 90 minutes notice for your next Town Hall? @SenThomTillis @Courier_Tribune
GIVE US THE SAME EXACT HEALTH COVERAGE THAT CONGRESS GETS!!!
do you realize that the new healthcare by your fellow colleagues is just not going to work?
insurance works by maximum ppl paying in and having fewer use. Not sure how this new tax plan will work.
can I come down and discuss how the new ACA plan will lead to my death?  Willing to talk???
you can help by not voting for this new healthcare plan that will drain the working class. 30% penalty?
Why no tweets about #russiagate and #IndependentInvestigation? Your constituents remain alarmed. #resist
, give Americans a chance to see the new #healthcare bill. Who and how well will we be covered? Your hiding it says we wont.
hahahahaha!!!!!  Republicans so corrupt. Ruining this country. Trump supporters!  Shame on you! #resist
you coward. 

Town Hall!
Bi-partisan investigation into the Russian connections to the President.
Save ACA!
great news Thom! When is your next Town Hall?
when's the town hall?

Seriously, there are more than 8000 REPORTED cases and more unreported of this occurring, where is your supp
I demand an independent, transparent Russia/Trump investigation. Nothing less is acceptable.
Mr. Tillis, where is your support to protect children from pastors & priests who seem to commit more crimes
... yes votes gets NO votes next election
See you in DC. April 21! I have some things to talk to you about. #1 Environment @EPA #2 @usedgov  3. Feels
When's your town hall happening???
I just got the NC version of the ACA it 's not so bad. Working Americans need access to affordable care!
Investigate Prez Trump/Russia COLLUSION. It is up to you to PROTECT AMERICA. IF you don't, who will?
independent investigation on Russia-Trump connection. Sessions must not participate. #resist,@moralCarteret
This is a joke right?
Hold town hall meetings, you putrescent coward. Face your constituents. Listen to us. Do the job you're being overpaid for.
I mean can we Just make an appearance? #ratings
You work for us. Stop running, show you have a spine and show up. #townhall #coward
this is not acceptable stop hiding from us! Do we need to file a missing persons report? Jesus...
in person town hall please
Tom Cruise
john boozman
john hoeven
roy blunt
scotter walker

jeb bush
Rex Tillerson
wolfblitzer

etc.
David vitter
richard shelby
Mike lee
Ted Cruz

john Mccain
macro rubio
pat toomey
roger wicker
jimmy Fallon
This letter sent to 

Trump,
Plaid Mattis,
Governor christie,
Paul Ryan
Reince Priebus

rand paul
Re: Town Hall Request. Name the time and place.  Sincerely, your constituent
why are you not at the Charlotte town hall! Are you afraid of your constituents? No paid protestors here!
Thom Tillis is a bag of shit.
Boy, I sure wish YOU would be there to do the helping. Your people have been asking to speak with you via town hall meetings.
Are you having a townhall? https://www.gofundme.com/FullPageTillisAD&rcid=f15ff63302ee424f8d17d4026a8bc535 … People are really worried,many issues, this IS a CRISIS!
what are you afraid of.   Meet with North Carolina voters now
Show up and face your constituents.  #Townhall
CAN they help us get you to pay attention to the people you serve? Seems you miss who you work for sir.
. We want a town hall meeting not a speaker series. Don't be a coward.
You WILL be coming up for re-election!!!!
Vote Tillis out of office. He cares nothing of constituents. Listens to his big money contributors!!
Pls sign a petition asking for @SenThomTillis townhalls. Pls retweet! #TheResistance
Town Hall!  Immediately! Trump in Florida every weekend! California/Louisiana disasters! No wall! Healthcare
no more trump vacations in Florida! He has wasted too much of my taxes. No wall!
if you're on break all this upcoming week, how about a town hall? 
Name the date and time!
Thanks.
we don't want your service team to handle us. YOU work for us. Meet with us we have issues. We won't forget
Shame that you're too much of a coward to meet with your constituents in person.
we'd like a town hall here in the Raleigh Durham area. Face to face. #talktousThom
when are you having a town hall event. We need to talk with you.
Next week congress goes home to meet constituents. I hear you're leaving USA. When did NC leave the USA
Your Prez has attacked judiciary, integrity of election, freedom of press. You plan on ever speaking out?
#DoYourJob when are you having a town hall meeting with NC constituents #WeWantToTalk
Except no they aren't. I call every day & only get voice mail. And really PRUITT? Please.
Please don't support the House vote to allow the killing of wildlife IN THEIR DENS.  VOTE NO ON SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION 18.
Yes help take a message you'll never receive? You're ignoring us Thom & it's not going to serve u well.
Bull shit! We want to talk to you.
This is a damn lie!  Take it down because you don't want to help us and you prove it daily!
thanks for vote on Pruitt you will regret that action when his info is released
I live in Stedman and am writing you to oppose Scott Pruitt.
Scott Pruitt running the EPA makes about as much sense as Richard Dawkins leading a church.
Investigate Trump's ties to Russia.  He is insane!  Did you see that press conference?  #impeachtrump
This is lovely! Speaking of, please vote to oppose #scottpruitt as @EPA nominee. Thank you!
When are you coming to #WNC for #TownHall to listen to your constituents?
There needs to be an independent & transparent investigation into Gen Flynn's actions & the Trump admin's knowledge of them
When is our town hall next week? We can set one up without you of course but you might want to take the lead.
All Senate business needs to stop until an independent investigation is set up to look into Trump + Russia!
the people want an investigation into Mike Flynn's ties to Russia & @realDonaldTrump taxes! Stand up for your constituents!
Looking forward to a Town Hall meeting.  Book it. Announce it.
Or we can set it up for him he can cowardly fail to attend!
shocked that you and @SenatorBurr not calling for bipartisan investigation into Flynn. You working for Russia?
Your constituent service is worth nothing if you won't even meet with your constituents.
when will you hold a town hall? #youwork4us
yet you are afraid to face your constituents in a town hall?
work with constituents? You mean only if they support everything you believe?  Vote this bad seed out.
How about you start listening to your constituents?  You voted for Devos and Sessions, you're not listening!
80,000 in Raleigh today to fight Republicans hate agenda. 100,000 next time.
hung  out with a 100,000 or so friends, #PatrioticPeupleCARE
Just called every line and left message demanding a town hall meeting.
You are a racist, a coward and an embarrassment to this state!!
Out of state area code, NC resident who has been calling your office. Wake up, we are pissed and not leaving
by not considering our concerns?
you mean they are ready to ignore us. 
We will continue. #stopsessions Vote No for Sessions.
READ the LETTER!
So glad UR here to help. I have recently had my kids' education hijacked by election bribery. Can U help?
Vote NO for Sen. Sessions! You represent the people. Get your agenda straight.

Is that why they didn't answer the phone regarding DeVos?  Nice to know you can be bought for $70K.
DeVos bought your vote. Shameful.
Will you team tell NC voters the bribe needed get you to vote for us? #DeVosBribe
Tillis I am ashamed that you call yourself a representative of NC when you accepted thousands from DeVos
you are THIRD in the country with 70 thousand dollars received! Straight up Crooked
It doesn't appear they are. How many calls did you get that opposed Devos? 27% approval in NC. 2020...#boughtbybetsy
now we know you can be bought. Thanks for selling out our kids.
U are full of it. U were never on the fence re DeVos. She lined ur pockets. Pay for play
but are you though? I've seen nothing but the harm you've done.
What a joke!  You sold your soul to Satan for big money.  You do not represent us.
You failed us!  I suppose if I had $73,000 I would buy your vote too.  DISGUSTING!
.@SenThomTillis Im impressed by admins in ur offices who've fielded calls (mine included) but I'm disappointed in your votes-esp for #devos!
Pretty clear you don't care about what your constituents say. Money talks. #corrupt #paytoplay
You refused to listen to your constituents.  I will not forget.
Accepting more donations fm billionaires too? #shameful #ResistTrumpTuesdays #clt
well you didn't help us. You HURT US with your vote on DeVos.
@SenatorBurr Constituents and NC students sold for unqualified billionaire lobbyist-- bipartisanship? Shame
I hope every voter remember this pay for play and how it played into DeVos vote.
so you were bought and paid for by DeVos. U should be very ashamed & ready 2b voted out. No interest in kids
how about you meet with the voters in NC, you homophobic, un-American pay to play flea.
When are u up for reelection?  Don't think DeVos' $$ will keep your seat.  U picked money over constituents - bad choice.
Contacting you is like yelling into the ether.  Great job ignoring your constituents.  #VoteNoDevos
i am glad they're ready...but clearly you aren't willing to listen to us!  #NotoDeVos #dontexpectmyvote
DeVos is going to be rotten meat around your neck.
how exactly did you help your constituents by voting yes on DeVos? Shame on you
Made my first political donate today to get you out of office. Bought by DeVos. Will work my heart out against you.
Clearly you aren't interested in serving the people of NC otherwise you would have voted against DeVos.
After your DeVos vote, I'll work with everyone I know in NC to defeat you in 2022.  #spineless
COWARD!!!! Thanks for just hurting all the children in NC!!! Meet with us!
Ready to get bought off by special interest groups.
Shame on you for your DeVos vote!  We will not forget in 2020.  You are a partisan disgrace to our state!  Lasting shame!
Vote #noDevos we know she has bought ur vote.We will not go away & have long memories. U will be tossed out
VOTE #noDevos I promise you will be a National Hero #CountryOverParty
