We need to replace both of you, you do not speak for the people
#swamp #RINO #globalism
Thom is a part of the deep state and bama movement. He wants to destroy our pres. It wont work. Thom. People wont allow it
Looks like a Liberal disguised as a Republican. Stop wasting taxpayers money on Russia & get to work.
Looks like a Republican disguised as an American.  Stop pretending to be a patriot & go to Russia.
Drain the swamp
Why don't you announce your party change to democrat, since you already act like one. #OneTerm
Go Trump!  thom tillis needs to "come out" and tell everyone that he is really a democrap.
Obviously  U r working behind the scenes to oust our President. A deep state coup.  I hope when the dust settles u r charged w Treason.

scumbags and traitors flock together
The only thing you 2 will accomplish, moving forward,  are 2 unoccupied seats in the Senate.
This bill agains MAGA is low n dirty We the PPL we will vote you the F…. out
Thom Tillis could care less about the constituents who voted for him, the majority of which still supports Trump.
Expect a lot more out of both of you. Everyone knows BO admin was dirty. Dem Reps are complete idiots too.
 Repeal freaking Obamacare!!
Why? You have VA benefits let's not screw others over thanks.
VA benefits..you mean foreign doctors who do a physical without even touching the patient or months and months without an appt. or meds?
You really sneaked in that racism. Anywho, there's no need to want to take healthcare from the sick.
Call it what you like...it's the truth!
Mueller is a joke. He's hiring so many lawyers that supported Hillary, you really think they aren't out to get @realDonaldTrump?
Both of them are snakes... in the swamp!
@SenThomTillis and Sen. McCain are clouding with Democrats. @FoxNews get the story out.
#Wikileaks
Will believe ur bipartisan motives when u also introduce retroactive leg making it a felony to use phony govt email accts to subvert FOIA
ITS A WITCH HUNT THAT YOU ARE ADVOCATING  #
Deep state
These two GOP want to take down Trump! They care nothing about the vote of the people! Vote them out supporters! We need loyal GOP!
What a crock, we know who you are and will remember you - This is sedition, collusion to interfere with a sitting president doing his job
Talk, talk, talk. BO & HRC destroyed IC, FBI, DOJ, USPS, IRS & State. But sit there with your thumbs where the sun don't shine? We see.
The CPUSA is growing in the United States & as they attempt to conduct a soft coup on our President, Tillis confirms that he is one of them.

Snakes
Mueller shouldn't even have been appointed. You need a crime first. He has nothing and is just looking anywhere and everywhere for something
Both Coons and Tillis need to back and support our President. Stop obstructing and pushing their agenda!!!
You are a hack and a democrat not a republican we will vote you out!!!!
Stupid, Thom. Wasting taxPAYER $ on a complete charade.
Say good bye to your seat Mr Tillis
Bipartisanship is a rare thing these days, so it's good to see it when it does happen
NC thanks you @SenThomTillis
Yeah it's pretty weird to say thanks to @SenThomTillis I guess now is a good time.

Tillis has a 28% approval rating in NC and virtually no chance of being re-elected in 2020. This illegal, unconstitutional bill won't help
He's a Deep state Globalist traitor
that's the swamp at work right there
Thank yoy Senators
Tillis your a deep state hack, we need to vote you out of office!! Traitor!!!!
Totally disappointed in your actions.
Democrats and the MSM are hunting for RINO support in attacking our POTUS! Tillis and Burr's support of Comey is sickening & a betrayal.
Why @SenThomTillis didn't introduce bill to curb Obama and why letting Muller hire Dems. firing squad? @FoxNews should report about this
Quit wasting time on this shit
it is not Constitutional ! Trying to overthrow my @POTUS . Voting you Out !
Civics 101. You serve at the will of the people. These beliefs you espouse are incongruous with your constituency's core values. You will go
Disgusting you and Graham trying to SABATOGE TRUMP AND WE WILL VOTE YOU ALL OUT! YOU SHOULD BE DEFENDING OUR PRESIDENT AGAINST A SHAM.
You people can't see the tress for the forest.  Grow a pair and support this President.  If not just go home.
How about U focus on real legislation that will help the middle class, such as health care and lowering taxes. That would be a great start!
Love or hate Trump-the bill is unconstitutional- @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr need to kill it ASAP.
It will be a pleasure to vote you out.  You are failing your NC voters.
Mr. Tillis, your tenure as a US Senator will be one term. This sponsorship exposes your true colors. Deep State Rino!
Trump is our president not you
I guess you playing for the Dims..so unintelligent! Either you are already one or don't care being backstabbed by progressives your way out!
Tillis - you're done in 2018. Repubs are going to primary and oust you. Go against the agenda and you're out. Just like Flake.
I'm a super hard-assed righty who's intuition screams out that if Tillis, were unmasked, u'd discover him, a torrid rat-bastard. Guessing.
Support our president or go away. You are the SWAMP!
Stop working against our President and the American PeopleMake America Great
Waste of time. It's unconstitutional! Do something useful for once! Comey's best buddy Mueller is very conflicted. Do something about that!
Yes, protect the corrupt Clintonite. Tillis will be a one term senator.
A bill should be drafted that states that you can't fire anyone on your senate staff. Let's investigate you while we r at it.
We see that your a Dem in disguise...#votehimout
you two are history. Bye bye
State of the US Government!
Truth will come out and then they will have an excuse-they always do.
They're all So Called judges b/c they're all Gov't officials protecting Gov't from the law! http://brsinv.com 
OUT with the garbage!  We've got our work cut out for us-bury this RINO!
Here is #turncoattillis again!  PLEASE someone primary him! Charlotte 704-509-9087
We will BURY U RINO's-Tucker nailed ur big behind last week over ur undermining of American jobs-ROT in Hell-Civics 101, indeed!
Repeal @senthomtillis the Trump turncoat.
how does NC elect a uber liberal as their "Republican" senator?????
Hmm 2 Rats on the Same Side...Against The American People
 #NoElites4Reelection
 #Power2ThePeople
 #TermLimits
 #TrumpParty 
#thisweek

Tills is a fraud a deep state donkey
More rinos? Grand jury indictment is normal? Comey says no grand jury for Hillary would be possible? Who's the liar? U r all idiots for sure
Another democrap plant
Tills admitted to pushing legislation to harm conservative ideas. I want to know who is supporting this Rino
Simply another RINO who needs to be voted out of office!!! Time to drain the SEWER!
It would be nice if they tried to protect their President.
Criminals
