No it is not.  NC taxes everything under the sun, moon and stars.
Seniors will pay more out of the pocket for healthcare under the GrahamCassidy bill! That alone will make you unelectable!
That is a untrue stayement
It is the real facts @aelainem8 stop your fake facts.
My facts are correct no mandated guarantees for pre-existing, they will gut Medicaid! So those are the facts!
Listen to what senator Flake said he thinks governors will do the right thing with people and pre-existing illness! No guarantee there!
You mean that you don't trust your governor that you elect at your home state but you will trust the United state gov. More?
I definitely do not trust North Carolina government! NC refuse to except Medicaid expansion. Leaving the most vulnerable without insurance
If your sick then your next phase will be hospice. You have lived your life especially if your old. No money to keep you around.
Drain the swamp
Yes, do tax reform now. You had 8 years to prepare. No more excuses. Deliver on ur promises. Prove Republicans can govern. Dems r laughing!
#KOCH BROS BRIBE GOP-400M to cut ACA for tax cuts
https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
MCCONNELL ON TAPE-Koch Bros run GOP
http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …
Alexander Listen Carefully Germany is calling you Go there and take your friends with you as you leave revoke your citizenship. Stay out!!
Uh oh is someone triggered? Go home Koch bros troll.
Say hi to her...
This disgrace of a "leader" just filed for reelection.  I can't wait to vote for your opponent.

Mitch McConnell concedes that Mexico will not pay for the wall. He's willing to waste $21 billion of our money to build it.
You've lost touch w/reality. You're a (what's best for my party) politician w/no regard for anyone except your kind on your income level
Ppl are working harder and bringing home less. What kinda sht is that?
Mitch: you're going to be fired soon. Start getting that resume ready, saving your ill begotten pennies. We no longer tolerate crooks in gov
No doubt You,Sen.McConnell, and your White SupremacistBase will profit largely while most of your constituents will lose in the deal for 1%
This is an opinion piece submitted by SenTillis, doesn't make it true. T... W
Hey reader, check out Kansas and Wisconsin, both very Republican, and see what trickle-down economics does NOT do for states Think deficits.
Check in with the majority of NCarolinians, not the top 1% and corporate lobbyists.
"Tremendous rewards" for whom???  Statesman?  Not you.

"Sorry, we have to cut your Medicaid. There's just not enough money" -- guy flying on a Lear Jet charter to Aspen.
What about Kansas? You continue to tell lies, lies and more lies only to favor the GOP wealthy donors 1% and Trump's personal bottom line
Hey you are a Russian supporter you are protecting trump you are a traitor
@GOP - Officially the party of stupid. #GOPShame #GOPStupd #GOPRussiaGate #Resist
Where's the NC lottery money for the schools going?
What has happened to the education system during that same time?  And why no mention of the Kansas disaster?
What about Kansas???
#despot #deranged It's time for the 25th Amendment.
Let's find out about our lying Senator.
The GOP should put on their robes of piety and admit their main goal of legislating religion for monetary and political gain.
there is something tragically wrong with you
Good - as long as were looking at "lessons learned" - take a look at what Kansas did to royally screw up on taxes....
Then quit talking about it and do it.  Wait!  It takes time.....but only career politicians know and understand that.  Can't ask too much
No tax reform in NC just gave a bunch of rich people more money. I paid more in state tax. Actually you would think it was successful.

NEW: 579,000 #veterans among 19m who lose Medicaid under #GrahamCassidyBill: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/20/439277/coverage-losses-state-graham-cassidy-bill-repeal-aca/ … #ProtectOurCare #Handsoff (w @rwest817)

NEW: 579,000 #veterans among 19m who lose Medicaid under #GrahamCassidyBill: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/20/439277/coverage-losses-state-graham-cassidy-bill-repeal-aca/ … #ProtectOurCare #Handsoff (w @rwest817)
Why don't you work on tax reform instead of healthcare? The Democrats won't fight as hard if you stop trying to kill people.
tax reform I want a postcard I want all deductions remove so nobody can fudge fake or lie ..... how about this saying: it simple stupid

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
#PoorAddison
Mitchell was always an easy target for #GOPBrainTrust
Tie reforms to real business increases in employment/benefits to workers not into the pockets of those at the top and their stockholders.
Did Sen Tillis tell you how much local taxation has increased, and taxes on goods and services, to make up for the shortfall?
Build the wall
MAKE IT HAPPEN. We need relief.
No on Trumpcare
American people don't need convincing it's congress
Build the wall.
Lord help us when McConnell and Tillis are left to compliment each other.  NC financial success is 
d/t the legislature and Gov. McCrory!
The key is to control who uses the bathrooms!
Lying conman crooks just want to give billionaires a tax cut
Well Mitch, then, like you want to do with HEALTHCARE, why not JUST LEAVE TAX REFORM UP TO THE STATES???
shut up and stop spreading this shit, you know it's only lies to feed your capitalist agenda
Repeal and replace Obamacare
How much are the Koch Brothers paying both of you?

Resign.
Helped the rich. Killing the middle class and the working poor!  Not offering health care! Shame on you both for only thinking of yourselves
NC used to be a national leader in education. Now at bottom of barrel. That is result of this so-called reform.
We need to send everyone of you to prison, where you belong.
You people in the GOP are some real crap, now you want to take healthcare from kids and elderly. Shame.
Ask the people in rural NC if his tax reform a success. Hospitals closed, low teacher pay, programs...
Tax reform can be successful, but massive cuts with no plan for offsetting them isn't. Just look at Kansas.
Vote no
And still taxes income tax higher here than even my old state of NJ
You've been there for 25 years. Giddy up!!

Obamacare is failing because of GOP backdoor deals with @mtbert to trade ACA market collapse for anti-competitive mergers. https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/910569501921443840 …
Dear @SenateMajLdr,

     The only person we hate more than @SenThomTillis is @SenJohnMcCain but you are a close third.

Sincerely,
NC Voter
Vote NO on GrahamCassidy. It takes $ from NC and will hurt your constituents. Work w/Dems to FIX the ACA and stop this nonsense.

TX donor Doug Deason rejected suggestion to host a fundraiser by Reps Mark Meadows (R-NC & head of the Freedom Caucus) & Jim Jordan (R-OH).
"I said, 'No I'm not going to because we're closing the checkbook until you get some things done,'" Deason said."
"Rep Dave Brat, R-VA, predicted dire consequences in next year's midterm elex should his party fail to deliver on its repeated promises."
"If we don't get health care, none of us are coming back . . . It's the same for an overhaul of the tax code," Brat said.
WSJ published this op-ed from Reps. Mark Meadows (R-NC, head of Freedom Caucus) & Jim Jordan (R-OH) two days ago.
15% corporate! 20% flat tax for all America!! #maga @POTUS @seanhannity @LouDobbs @SteveForbesCEO
Average Median incomes have remained flat since 2005 in NC. #FACT
No proof that you are a greedy liar 
You mean that state that truckers now avoid because your asshole golf buddies close the states rest stops. That tremendous success story?
what about Kansas, Louisiana.  Republican run states that are bankrupt.
Then there's Kansas & Louisiana that are in the deep red because of supply side cuts.
I don't know about NC, but shall we look to Kansas for the example? I didn't think so.
You must really be in deep with the Kochs?
LIAR! New York hates GOP. New York knows we are still riding Obama's success!
instead of you tax cuts for Koch bribes rein in your mascot
Well, then show leadership and get it done.
Just quit taking time off and get the job done! 
Message to you and Trump. Tweeting is not legislation.
Lie upon Lie...wow you really are evil.
BS, mr. turtle.













This is #TaxReform for the RICH, funded by hard working Americans. #DrainTheSwamp #WillWork4KochMoney #MAGA?
You aren't doing tax reform you are going to give BIG TAX BREAKS to yourself and your rich friends and pay with health care $ quit lying
Don't take away healthcare from 38 million people and deny coverage of existing conditions to fund tax breaks for your corporate "friends"
This Graham-Cassidy Healthcare bill has a 12% Approval Rating.
Do something clueless Mitch
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
ROY MOORE IN ALABAMA.We love Trump but despise you swamp thing
Why is the Republican party paying for Jr's legal bills?  They must be involved in the Russian hacks.
Cutting taxes on the rich won't help anything.
But what about what happened in Kansas under GOP Gov. Brownback???  Why didn't it work there?
They spent money too mich
Not sure who you're trying to persuade with your lies...unless you're talking about the rewards for the wealthiest.
The only ones that will reap tremendous rewards from Republican Tax Reform are the Billionaires. The Middle Class and Poor will be suffering
That's always the way it goes.  They need to give a break to the middle class!  If they wipe us out, GOP and rich will not get our money
North Carolina State Government shared this alleged bonanza by cutting the minimum wage and forbidding ANY city or county from raising it!
You didn't mention - lawmakers always pulled themselves back to shared principles. We made compromises and achieved consensus.
Tell that to the immigrants working the fields for pennies in N. Carolina.
LIAR
I live in NC, and the economy in the rural areas is horrible cause of Tillis.
All GOP lies. NC improved because of Obama and the national economy improved. Your nuts are twisted.

America is proof that we can reap the rewards of freedom. You sure are proof of malicious greedy corporate takeover
No one believes you.  Why even write anything?
What about Kansas? While the group made some good music back in the day, the tax reforms there caused fiscal problems.
It's called a spending problem. You can tax people all you want but with no budget it's is going to fail.
Spending problem or not, ignoring KS is not giving the whole story.
How'd Kansas work out for your team?
You need to get something done for the people. You also need to put a stop to Mueller since it is a conflict of interest.
What are you afraid of?
In 2018 the GOP will no longer exist, because they voted for the GrahamCassidy bill,  which hurt women, vets, cancer pts and the needy!
Have you read the bill or you just reacting to what the media and chuck tell you?
Yep! Even GranhamCassidy said the bill was better than nothing! Yes also ready there is no defined protections for  pre-existing conditions
By 2026 Medicaid will almost be a eliminated by the federal government subsidies so don't tell me what you don't know!
In my opinion healthcare is a human right not only for those that can afford it but for all Americans!
It is not a right and never has been, read the constitution, you can vote to have it included but it's is not in their
Please leave the ACA alone the America like it, the majority which will vote out the GOP in 2018 over healthcare!
Its about the $$$..Koch Bros want GOP to cut costs.  If R's kill Obamacare R's can give them HUGE tax cuts   -
Trickle down economics have never worked. No tax cuts for corporations or the 1%!
You raise taxes on tgem they raise prices to the consumer.
It reaps rewards for your donors! Your donors are running Washington. So much for "draining the swamp "
Come home and help Kentucky get sorted out with tax reform. All these tweedle dees in our state congress haven't got a clue how.
Resign traitor
"THEIR" kind of American. No COMPASSION none for others. The meek, faithful, poor, ones that needs help. YOU KNOW JESUS HUNG OUT WITH THEM
You're a terrible person
Welfare for the Koch Brothers Welfare for the 1 perecent
Well then, get it done for the rest of us Mitch!  And get healthcare repeal and replace done while you are at it!
Yeah! We know! Tax cuts for the rich, rewards from Koch brothers of donations 2 the RNC! What about the middle class? Oh yeah, u don’t care!
Read POTUS tax plan.  You are arguing as uninformed
Kansas is proof that rampant tax cuts for the super rich will break the economy. #LearnToMath #GOProstitutes
Guess what else is proof positive?
Your corruption. Leaked tapes and Greed will be your demise @SpeakerRyan @PressSec
#GrahamCassidy
The ultimate question on Graham-Cassidy.

Feel free to share if it helps people. 
U KNOW THAT ALL THIS DEPENDS ON THE STATUS OF THAT ECONOMY AND THE MAKE UP OF INCOME FOR THAT STATE, QUIT TALKING SHIT!
Check Kansas
just retire, make America better! #GOPFAILURES
Why haven't you done something already? How long have you been in office? Are you only worried about #ACA & taking healthcare from millions.
States are not the same thing as governments...
#TrumpCareKills #ProtectOurCare #VoteNOGrahamCassidy 
When you cant afford it whats there to keep. Insurance does not ganuatee healthcare.
Maybe, but GOP can't get anything done anyway.
For the rich?

For the rich
Do the right thing and #SaveDACA
