Yeah? Then let it go through your backyard.
I find this arguable, but let's move on. Do you also support renewable energy? Can you help here?
flint 2.0
And Canada makes the money thereafter?  Not worth environmental cost.
you mean like how the pipeline through Alabama is so well managed that it exploded last year and caused gas shortages in NC?
Could that be why Trump ordered only US steel will be used now?
You mean like after your corrupt government gave China a monopoly on steel?
#alternativefact
and destroy the environment, create earthquakes, invade sacred burial grounds. Sound like a great tradeoff? #moralresistance
You showed today how much you care about the environment. #pollutingPruitt  #epa #radicalright #darkages #bigoil #devolve
Then it should be fine to put downstream next to the white people's houses, right?
None of this is correct.
That's an alternative fact if I ever heard one.
"Environmentally conscious" is an #alternativefacts. NO to #KeystoneXL @NRDC #nokxl #climate https://www.nrdc.org/sites/default/files/tar-sands-climate-impacts-IB.pdf …
Jobs would be temporary to build then virtually none after that. Selling your souls for temporary jobs.
The environment would not agree
you are wrong.
You forgot that pesky part about destroying Sioux Tribal lands and water with this pipeline. #StandWithStandingRock
put that money into renewable energy rather than allow Canadian oil to pass through the US to sell to China. #NoDAPL
Listen to your constituents. This is a DISASTER!
How many full time jobs post construction? #crickets
Would you be upset if someone dug your ancestors and polluted your water?
how do we protect the environment while regulations are eroded?
Please explain the "thousands of jobs." This isn't factual. Do your research. There is no benefit to U.S., only harm.
transporting tar sands is absolutely not environmentally conscious. let this pipe dream go already!
# jobs when pipeline is complete? What is environmentally conscious? What about safety? Pipelines explode! #RiseTogetherNC
Why not put that money into solar and wind power. Jobs will be created building those panels and wind machines.#climatechange
Water safety and quality long term are more important than a few jobs.
Environmentally conscious.  LOL!
and is being done in a fair way and acceptable way for the American Indian tribes who live there ?
it will also damage the environment in irreparable ways. Not good at all
I strongly request that you don't support this pipeline. What's in it for you? Be honest. Temp jobs?!
for how long will these "good-paying jobs" last. I wish you would focus your energy on sustainable energy. That were the $ is
If it is all about jobs then why are you not for reforming not repealing the ACA? That supports millions of jobs.
#NativeAmerican land is being invaded & overrun by toxic pipeline. Don't bow down 2 oil czar cabinet trampling #IndianRights
Canadian owned co runs pipeline thru US to sell oil overseas to China? I am disappointed that my NC senator supports this!
how can we trust such claims with the way administration is treating EPA?
so would keepimg the ACA.  And the ACA doesnt cause oil spills every month and endanger our future! #YouDontHaveCommonSense
Why not re-tool and re-train for the future? Why in 2017 are we moving backwards. Not good for the environment or country!
And the environmental costs Senator?
you are robbing people of their land and destroying clean water.  nothing justifies this. Earth is it.
So would Solar and Wind but corruption is rampant in your circles Senator and you continue to talk over the American people!
could you please provide the source that details the number and type of jobs?
35 jobs
who needs infrastructure when the GOP is trying to poison us?
senator when will you write a bill to end electoral college
& poison the air and native americans in it's path.  Solar and wind are the future.  Stop supporting coal and oil industries.  Move forward
Do you have kids? You're leaving them a poisoned US. We, your constituents, don't want this.
I disagree -- a constituent
do you want it in your backyard?
NO!  Just No!  Your work for us!
but it's a Canadian company. What happened to American First?
we need long term energy solutions not more pollution
Oh I get it. You're in on these #alternatefacts
if we don't develop renewable energy sources, other countries will beat us to it. That's the future.
renewable energy sources would also do this, without the potential negative environmental impact.
, only add 35 permanent jobs and construction jobs added would be temporary and last only 2 yrs, right?
Few permanent jobs at a very high cost to environment. There are better resources. I do not want this.
you sir will not be re elected guess republicans stick together no matter what
You don't mention that they are dead-end jobs in a sector that is poisoning environment & causing climate change. Progress...
I disagree with this statement. Please do not suppot Donald Trump in this.
are these temp or permanent jobs? What would the average salary be? What would the impact on the environmental & health be?
and who will watch? The EPA you intend to gut?

Listen to your constituents. We do not want the environment destroyed.
Are you going to be out there cleaning up when the inevitable environmental damage occurs?
What if not done "in an environmentally conscious" manner??
BS Your making the rich, RICHER. This is bad for the environment and BAD for everyone. YOU KNOW THIS. SHAME.
please share assumptions for jobs.
put jobs in RENEWABLE energy-ohh but that dosent line YOUR wallet-i get it..THE WORLD IS WATCHING bloodshed willb on UR HANDS
you mean renewable energy like Solandra? How did that work out for taxpayers? #KeystoneXL
temporary jobs for construction and then environmental jobs to clean up a spill.  It will happen, it always does. #KeystoneXL
couple thousand TEMPORARY jobs to fill less than 50 permanent ones?? Clean energy is better more efficient sustainable!!!!!
it entrenches us an an environmentally unfriendly industry.  All your ideas are old and proven damaging.
NC solar also provides close to 6000 jobs.
companies that were left for dead by Bush admin deregulation bounced back with solar.
can u please comment on the president being in violation of the constitution he swore to protect? http://www.heritage.org/constitution/#!/articles/1/essays/68/emoluments-clause …
You forgot to add that it will poison the water for those living close. Lake Norman says MOVE AWAY!
"Environmentally conscious?" Threatening the drinking water of 1M+ people does not meet that standard. Find a safer route.
unless it's not see BP oil spill
