A permanent solution would be deportation with absolutely no pathway ever to citizenship! #NeverVotingRights4Dreamers
I'm sure if you're great great grandparents didn't come here then you wouldn't be here either
Legal immigrants came here before. I came here legally & applied for a greencard & citizenship. Dreamers are ILLEGALS, should be deported.
So I guess we should send Melania back for com ing here, overstaying her tourist visa and lying about her background #deportillegalMelania
Get your "facts" from better sources. She came here legally on a visa and even applied for greencard before meeting Trump. #MoronBlocked
So typical of these idiots... let's keep illegals but send back the one citizen we hate...no logic 2how they think bc I guess ...they don't
She's as illegal as they are.  That's the point
Are you really this dumb! For your sake I hope your stupidity's an act...I came legally from Africa and if I could do so can the #DACA kids!
Fair and rigorous is US citizens first & foremost. No freebies. Put #Dreamers at the end of the line! That's fair! #IllegalisIllegal
No, Dreamers must be deported. I came here legally on a visa, applied for a greencard, later for citizenship. No breaks for illegals.
When every US citizen has a home, education, and opportunities above illegals then we can talk about Illegals! #IllegalDACA #IllegalDreamers
YOU WORK FOR US AND WE the American Citizens say NO!
Supporting criminals (illegals) over US citizens?  Typical. #Oathbreaker
Side with illegals first and we will work to vote you out. #USCitizensFirst Did you forget your oath? Protect US Citizens!
Angry much.
No anger here!  Just #PERSISTENCE in calling out the #Resistance2Reality and the #ResistReality crowd.
Please don't let these dreamers replace our kids like their parents did to the construction industry.
It's amazing how in eight years and eight months you can't do anything to help fix the ACA but in 80 days you can fix DACA with no problem!
Can you protect our children's dreams first. These dreamers will take our children's jobs like their parents did.
If people are working, peaceful, productive members of society, fast track them. Less layers and cost. No path to citizenship for  parents.
Step up, support American Citizens, you know those people who put you in a position of trust. Quit scewing us over, for your fat cat donors
How about doing something to stop the damn repeal of ACA??? The stupid "promise" to repeal not FIX ACA is unforgivable.
Hell no. We don't need any more immigrants until the current batch has fully assimilated.
Yes.
OK. Put dreamers on a long & rigorous path. They were kids after all.
BUT- The parents weren't! Send them back according to our RULE OF LAW!
Why do they have to be employed, in college, or in the army? What if they are parents or caretakers? Why don't we just let noncriminals stay
NO.  Enjoy getting primaried.
Trust me I really don't like you..but we agree on this one thing
Yet another who supports illegals over US Citizens to garner Dem votes-typical! #Oathbreaker #Traitor2US #USCitizensFirst #IllegalisIllegal
#Dreamers should never, ever be placed first above US citizens-EVER. #NoVotingRights4Dreamers That is fair! #IllegalisIllegal
Thom Tillis is introducing legislation that will ensure his cuck ass is voted out in 2020.
Fix the border, tax reform, healthcare and infrastructure first. Work for the people that put you in office!
#BuildTheWall #MAGA #AmericaFirst #NoAmnesty
Is this guy up for election? Make sure he is another failed former Senator fast
What do you say to the child of an American parent who lost a job to a dreamer? Please protect our children first!
Great job! It's the moral thing to do. Now go pass it for border security and solve this problem once in for all!
No, a wall is a permanent solution that can help put a stop to the destruction of our country! Get on board or get primaried! #MAGA
Hope so, there're many uninformed +vicious attacks on Facebook+Twitter. Many don't know what DACA is apparently+are just hateful. Really sad
It is a demalican
Forget all of the ignorance and hatred witnessed here. A pathway for DACA is the human thing to do. Rednecks will never understand.
Please remember, the dreamers were not raised to cut grass and clean house. They were raised to compete directly with our kids for jobs.
NO AMNESTY
You seem to enjoy the spotlight more than accomplishing anything of importance @SenThomTillis  #1term
Please protect our children's dreams first. They worked hard too and deserve our protection.
Illegal means "ILLEGAL!"
Pathway is good, but must be the "right way!"
Speak for yourself. I am American citizen, Republican and Tillis supporter and I do want this.  DACA are talented young people who can MAGA.
He believes in open borders
No, as long as we have 1 single homeless veteran, they deserve your attention FIRST, not a group of folks whose parents were law breakers.
put them at the back of the line for cutting in.
DACA is an illegal alien jobs program and Democrat voter drive. A gateway drug for full blown amnesty for all invaders. #EndDACA #NoAmnesty
With border security first, of course!
#dreamers want to contribute-thank you for understanding that and intro'ing a bill that will help them help us... GOP&Dem alike!!!
Illegal aliens should be penalized
After deportation, their citizenship applications should be delayed 10 years relative to the law abiding
@SenThomTillis Senator, does that mean you'll extend the permission DACA recipients have to work legally in the US?
There is a pathway to Legal citizenship
1 Get out of the country
2 Get in line with those following immigration law
Give #DACA legal working status and NOTHING more. Citizenship is the Willie Wonker Golden Ticket you can't steal it, it is VERY special!
No.
Sick and tired of ppl who don't spell it out...what the hell is "conditional legal status?"
If it's #Amnesty w/voting rights...NO THANKS!
By not supporting President Trump I'll not vote for you again!!
just an fyi to all u racists, dreamers are a plus to the economy+ We are going to need a lot more immigration to keep socialsecurty solvent
Thom I can see a pathway for you also. It leads out of the door and out of North Carolina and I think it leads to Mexico.
You are a broken record. More illegals, fuck North Carolina workers.
Why didn't they apply for citizenship years ago? If they love it here so much why do they wave the #Mexican flag instead of #OldGlory 
Great - now make it DoDs problem.  Pass the buck, but know DoDs been doing it for years.
Total Bullshit.  If you want an open civil war, just try it.
Only with Wall and border security so we don't have to deal with this issue again. Look up 1980s
Take care of your own state and shut down Chemours who is poisoning NC drinking water from dumping chemicals in the Cape Fear River now
#BuildTheWall
More Leftist hypocrisy -
A) 
We can't take them from the only country they've ever known
B) How dare you send Islamist home
Leftist hypocrisy
A)
We can't blame dreamers for what their parents did
B)
We blame all white people for slavery & demand reparations
Why don't you prioritize throwing group's like LaRaza & Islamist out who clearly aren't here to honor our country but to overthrow us.
Revoking citizenship of those who lied under oath to become citizens needs to be easier
@jorgeramosnews used his to destroy our Republic
You pass this you will be voted out of office!!
Send them back!!!
Vetting is nearly impossible with today's corrupt judge's & local politicians.
Bullshit!  TREASON!
why did Obama not give them the opportunity to apply to be citizens is the real question?
Vote-farming cloaked in virtue-signaling. Disgusting.

 No Amnesty.
I'm a democratic interested in your ideas
What a cuck and political hack. How dare you put illegals before American citizens. We do not want these people here. Period.
Build the wall, pass the RAISE Act, pass Kate's Law, pass Obamacare repeal, pass Tax Reform, and then we'll talk
If government picks and chooses which laws to enforce, then the people will pick and choose which laws to obey. No amnesty.
Protecting #dreamers isn't #RINO. #RINO is using GOP brand to discriminate. Rs like Lincoln& P Bush defended #civilrights & #mybodymychoice.
Picture this clown in white face and a red nose. You have IT
What about back taxes?  Every American Citizen would deserve rebate of paid 10 years of Tax. Prisoners let free.  @POTUS @JaySekulow
This is why American children think they don't need to work.They are entitled to a better life just they were born here.
Damit,we should do this for American children too.
Why don't you do something 4 the American Children/ People?
You know something 2 help them with higher education? Ur a democrat in disguise
No pathway to legalization! We did that in 1986 & Senators & Congressmen lied to us so business could have cheap labor. We are not stupid!
Please give th em a path to citizenship.  Most are Americans through and through except for a piece of paper
#BorderSecurityFirst
#Enforcement
I am counting on you to make this happen!
Why rigorous.  Why not just fair?
This guy never stops pushing Amnesty.  Is that why NC voted him into office?
Amnesty? Just come clean and say it.  Stop pussyfooting around.
Permanent Solution.....deportation!
Hell No!!!
A permanent solution to DACA can be achieved by having a rigorous way to deport every one of them when their work/school visa runs out.
Any republican that votes for #daca before the #BuildTheWall needs to be voted out!
No amnesty. #NoDreamAct - end #DACA!!
NO NO NO
Thank you, Seen. Tillis.
Immigration not amnesty was the top issue for Republican voters in the 2016 election. NC voter
Thank you, Senator. A shame how people fail to understand dreamers came here as children. Punishing them for their parents actions is cruel.
The people don't support this. Read here. We know ur trying to lay ground work for complete amnesty of all illegals
1. Who is Winning debate on illegal #immigration? Answer: whoever is winning the small victories, not the big ones. http://wp.me/p96P9L-ge 
No. American Citizens FIRST.
Now comes the answer. The wall and a new Daca law.
The only "fair and rigorous pathway" is to start at the end of the line like the rest of us did
https://twitter.com/yearofzero/status/906720950812659712 …

Read that and call your congressman!
1. Who is Winning debate on illegal #immigration? Answer: whoever is winning the small victories, not the big ones. http://wp.me/p96P9L-ge 
Then no one has to pay taxes - amnesty for everyone for everything! Wheeeeeeeee

NO Senator Tillis, the path for DACA waived persons is to come into the country via lawful means already on the books. #NoAmnesty #Legally
How about No.
You need to start with a vigorous vetting system, first. Those who lied and/or committed crimes are deported immediately.


Read that and call your congressman! Oppose this at all costs!
1. Who is Winning debate on illegal #immigration? Answer: whoever is winning the small victories, not the big ones. http://wp.me/p96P9L-ge 

FUCK FAIR PATHWAYS & LEGAL STATUS

GET THOSE ILLEGAL MOTHERFUCKERS OUT OF USA

IF THEY WANTED TO BE CITIZENS THEY'D HAVE APPLIED ALREADY!
Helping obama finish the job @GOP this isn't what we voted for @GOPChairwoman @AnnCoulter


DO THAT WITH OUT REWARDING ILLEGALS
You guys have set the cap. Not one more than 800,000 if you pull this disgusting number on the American people. Full TRANSPARENCY.
It won't be just 800,00 bro. They will use chain migration rules and it will balloon up to 2-3 million easy. Plus anchor babies
The Bridge Act, I believe and they have been doing this through advanced parole. Basically, its DA PA on the sly.
Yet again I ask, though you never answer, what's your opposition to the dream act? There is no need for you to draft new legislation:




No. the Dreamers came in illegally, through the family of their parent(s). So they must leave. Let them return legally.

DUDE NO. You didn't run on this! We didn't vote for this shit!
Conditional = door open 4 citizenship.
Bulls--t!
No voting rights, ever.
No access 2 welfare, ever.
If holds illegal mortgage/loan, #byebye
If ever fake docs, #byebye
If voted since DACA, #byebye
If took child tax credit b4 DACA, #byebye
NO ability 2 sponsor/petition 4 family!
Here's the condition. Go home. Apply for entrance. If granted, work toward citizenship. Just like all of the legal immagrants before you.
Sorry. Too angry to spell correctly. I voted for you! What was I thinking!
If here illegally go home & get in back of the line
NO citizenship! 900/800,000 actually serve. Greencards/Work permits maybe. Accessories to a crime should not be awarded.
A permanent solution would be to vote you out of office.
They should leave the US and try to immigrate legally. Amnesty would encourage more illegal immigration. #BuildThatWall  #RaiseAct
@TomFitton everyone has forgotten those waiting for years!
The solution is deportations!
The ignorance in this thread is astonishing. Most of the commenters seem to know nothing about the Dreamers & what they've gone through.
There are DACA people serving in the armed forces right now. What happens to them when they no longer have legal waivers?
No, no and no. Americans first. No guilt.No shame. I was never asked or voted on this mass illega Invasion. No Sanctuary Cities No FedFunds
You're still in a position where you'll deport someone to a country where they have never lived nor have any known family.  Still inhumane.
We have a pathway. It's DACA.
Not voting for you anymore. Sorry
Can't imagine who you think buys this, Senator
And paying back all that free public education and medical they got when their parents didn't pay taxes the whole time.
Yanking the carpet out from under them in the meantime was a nice touch. Why not roll out solution first?
Who's supposed to pay for their education? If it's us taxpayers, then it's a big NO! They want to be legal, then they can pay their own way!
Repeal/Replace Tax Cut Build the Wall  Stop Tax @PPact Support @DeptVetAffairs Support @POTUS Do what was Promised  NOPE 
Amnesty Fu RINO
Amnesty
Yes, and their "documentation" needs to be scrutinized over half have falsified to skip deportation!
Secure the border and THEN complete immigration reform. 800k is just a drop in the bucket. Focus!
If you actually gave a 5 yrs ago. We would care what you had to say
no
Tie it to RAISE and everify and we're good to go
Tillis is a cheap labor lobby shill for grotesque factory farming.  Will never happen.  Chaos follows--Trump wins again.
Service Guarantees citizenship!  I LOVE IT! Make it happen! I support this agenda!
A permanent solution exists! Deport ALL illegals by enforcing our LAWS! #NoAmnesty stop protecting our http://illegals.Support  our citizens!
Screw you Thom. You're a Corp slave, a Club for Growth louse. Basically a fraud pushing Amnesty.
Screw off Tillis.  #noamnesty #NoDACA
Still waiting for u to care about North Carolinians as much as you do illegal aliens... do your job.
No.
How brown's your zip code Tillis?
No Amnesty. Period!
Senator Tillis, please ensure children of legal nonimmigrants like E2 visa are included. Just like the RAC act by @RepCurbelo
How about a fair and rigorous pathway to reducing taxes?
Scum bag amnesty supporter. Any conversation or law before secure boarders make you a unprincipled joke which needs to be tossed.#2018
The Dream Act has already been thru cmte process & several successful votes. Please support this legislation rather than introducing new
As in NO SUCCESSFUL VOTES! Voted down, citizens say no to anymore illegality...hence President Trump and we will hold him to account!
..
#Buildthewall first! Support the #RaiseAct
2. Either give We the People a wall & merit-based immigration system, or we are through with you liars!
1. From all the responses on here, I'd say you are wrong! Until we get the promises that were promised in the 1986 Amnesty Act, no deal!
#BuildThatWall #Healthcare #TaxReform 

Or you can effing forget it.
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs  Tax Reform First, Democrats have had years to fix DACA. Make them deal on Tax Reform & Health Care to get DACA
Tax reform? Get outta here. That's all the GOPe is good 4, legislation 2 help them & pals financially. Country wants wall, HC fix, jobs.
Pleeeease @RepMarkMeadows , run against this RINO!!
A permanent solution can be achieved by primaring RINOs like #onetermtillis
Wtf is wrong w/you? Why always so much effort to help illegals and ZERO effort to help American citizens? Where is tax reform, repeal o-care
No pathway except exit out of the country!  That is the legal pathway, Tillis.
This is exactly why we need to #DrainTheSwamp to get rid of these RINOS!!
Complete crap if u move these illegals to the front of the line. Their parents caused their mess, not us. Deport parents with kids.
WRONG!  SEND THEM BACK AND GET IN LINE!  #dumpDACA
NO, they need to go back to the land of their birth & apply to enter the USA legally following the current path to citizenship. NC resident
Glad ur thinking about ur fellow American citizens.U've done a few shady things.i.e held back Trumps ppl until he gave u more HB visas.Swamp
He isn't thinking about Americans
Clearly not - just another Globalist establishment GOPer out for himself, to heck with the American ppl.
Read this and get MAD. Then call your congressman!
1. Who is Winning debate on illegal #immigration? Answer: whoever is winning the small victories, not the big ones. http://wp.me/p96P9L-ge 
Why don't you just get TAX cuts done and THEN do DACA
Not collect money from the gov't, employed 40+ hrs/week, pursue higher education leading 2 a paying job, not art history or some other such.
How about you simply remember The US Constitution??  Fairly certain immigrants are to be taxed upon entry, NOT given Welfare benefits!!
Don't condition this bill on the wall, which is a complete waste of money
How far up your ass does Nancy Pelosi have her alarm? Because I see your lips moving but all I hear is her voice.
You have less than six months. Did you filibuster previous #DACA legislation?
Zero confidence that you will get anything done
Resign you hack
Permanent solution is a pause on all immigration, deporting illegals, & upholding our constitution!
If you reward illegals, you're telling everyone in this country that our laws don't matter. No one should obey any laws.
