And I am a proud Hispanic American
Are you serious? Might want to wipe her brown off your nose. We can see it.
You don't have to follow him. Anytime you want to reclaim your party is great for the rest of us! Thank you. #PleaseStopBeingAnEmbarrassment
Yes but don't trust Dems to come through with their end of the "deal". Their history is to renege. Get Trump's first.
Just do something!
Thank you, Senator. A fair solution and a chance to become citizens is what these DREAMers deserve.
They get free tuition and my kids don't? Bull crap! Build the wall. Not racist im Hispanic
Really? The plan is announced ending DACA. Hold their lives hostage to get racist wall funded. Grateful? OUTRAGED seems more appropriate.
Wall not racist. Mexico has one on their Southern border
No they do not. Do you believe every goofy right-wing meme you see on the internet?
Yes they do. Been there several times, natural terrain and walls with no natural borders
Not seeing a wall here, Ms. Firstname12345678.
http://www.snopes.com/mexico-guatemala-border/ … SNOPES ranks this false.  Pictures on internet of Mexico-Guatemala border wall are of Israel. FWIW
Yes deport all illegals as per law. Uphold your oath
I don't want to give undocumented immigrants a free pass. They need to get in line and do it the right way. Also we need the wall.
Grateful for Trump are you smoking crack senator
Pass the #DreamAct now
Do not pass unless path is to legalization NOT citizenship!
We, the Americans, still want a border wall (that works!!)  Dems are going to hang themselves/their Party if there's not a drastic change!
Real Leadership? Have you been drinking again Skippy? Go home, you're drunk.
You're SO grateful that you're pushing Mueller legis. Stop letting the Dems lead you around by the balls! You're supposedly a Republican.
C'mon Thom. We both know 12% of Americans support deporting them. We also know Trump's unfit for office. Let's fix that problem first.
You lost me at the word "grateful".
What are you doing to help.  Stand with your president and get something done.
It took a dinner with Dems to create a bipartisan choice. Right policy is protect this children and put permanent guidelines in place.
Make sure you #BuildTheWall
BULLSHAT,no way u can carry a 2 year old 8 days in the desert. THEBIGLIE
Please stop calling this leadership.
In this case it is spelled leadershit.
Trump is no leader and if he doesn't get funding for this stupid wall there will be deal on Dreamers
After you get rid of #Obamacare, build the wall, tax cuts, reduce spending,balance budget, etc. I could care less about #Daca.#draintheswamp
Don't trust Pelosi & Schumer!
It's a good idea that has to be done in an economical pace without putting our country in further debt. It must be done by US residents only
End daca. Until there are no homeless veterans on our streets. Citizens come first
For those never wall builders-do you secure your garage, doors at night? You do! USA has right to secure this land-
Your out Tillis,enjoy the protest coming ur way
Tom, the only fair & bipartisan solution if you count one side of the equation as citizens, is the deportation of all illegals. Please quit!
Please.

Sincerely,
One of your constituents
I hope so!  Republicans have done no internal compromising to support the Am public so I hope you guys are getting your act together!
When are you going to look after the taxpayers that elected you?
Why are you grateful? It is his job..stop lowering the bar!
Gerrymandering again anytime soon? You won't remain in office.
Send them back with there family (they should be together). There are laws for a reason.
When has erecting a wall ever accomplished anything except to define and limit those who erected it? This bad decision is your legacy.
Hopefully you'll be voted out next NC election.
As long as the ineffectual & prohibitively-expensive Border Wall is dropped, the #DACA deal is reasonable.
Thanks for your support.
Bi partisan rolling off your lips,,,my you have no backbone,,
Here...take my Chapstick! You're going to need it when you pry your lips off Trump's butt!
Hating them is not leadership. If you associate yourself with his bigotry, shame on you!
Trump is the Frank Gallagher of leadership
Define "leadership"
"Leadership"
Yes, hate is an impressive leadership skill.
His "leadership" reminds me of Hurricane Jose: shifting winds, meandering path but still capable of enormous destruction
now all of you that been against trump are kissing his ass, huh he still going to build the wall thank god but im happy the daca thing over
Addressing? Meaning what?
Illegal is illegal....follow the law
Trump isn't about justice, freedom, or civil rights he is only about himself, putting on airs, &  winning. Stop acting like this isn't true
Why else would Trump beg for a rule change on a filibuster? To gain advantage, take Dems out of loop, & no bipartisan. You know this too.
Trump will continue to dismantle democracy and before you know it he will make sure he no longer needs senate approval.
Stop defending Trumps ineffective leadership. You know and I know he needs to go. Stop hoping for Trump too change. He is a racist.
Yeah...no. Bipartisan would require that the President not be racist and only objective. Not going too happen,4 Trump PoC are rapist n crook
Trump's definition of leadership is constantly erratic behavior.  I wouldn't be surprised if his solution to DACA children is to eat them.
Oh please!!!!!!
Please include ageing out Documented children @SenThomTillis  , @realDonaldTrump. #dreamact should include 100% Dreamers documented or  not
No.
Just make sure we build the damn wall!
Build the wall!!!
Fair in whose eyes.  And can u address the reason these children r fleeing Central America
You know Trump is the very definition of "elite" right? And so is ALL of his cabinet. He is as fR away from average American as you can get.
Nothing you come up with will be fair for the American people.  I've seen your voting record. You love the illegals more than Americans.
You mean @NancyPelosi & @SenSchumer
At this rate you'll be voting for single payer healthcare by next week! Can't wait!
"Leadership" isn't usually a synonym for flip-flopping. But yes to #DACA! And you're never going to get a wall.
Pepe is very sad 
You mean @SenSchumer and @NancyPelosi 'a leadership, right?  Trump is not a leader.  BTW, please provide Medicare for all USA, and soon!
I'll believe it when I see it
As an instructor of leadership skills I'm not sure who knows less about leadership. You or him?
Deport them all. Amnesty will destroy the Republican Party and the American right
"Leadership" which amounts to the actualization of white supremacist values and Evangelical bigotry.
Yeah, just when you think they couldn't be more deaf/dumb/blind, Trump supporters  surprise you. Willful ignorance. Its a helluva mindset.
U will lose ur job if u support Amnesty.
Trump keeps his word. Our congressmen are having a hard time digesting that one--it's a new concept to them.
Trump just said in Florida that if we don't get the wall funding we aren't doing anything for DACA.
GOOD!
They only thing @SenThomTillis is for is amnesty for ALL illegals so his big money donors will have cheap labor!
Exactly which statement are you referring to? It seems he's a tad confused as to his position on this issue. He is unfit and you know it.
Exactly. Like, at what point will they stop defending him?
A fair solution, they are Americans with no strings attached. It doesn't matter racists S.O.B.
He is holding their lives hostage to the funding of his racist wall. That has been the plan all along. That is Y sessions made announcement
No wall, no vote!
#BuildTheWall ! No repairs, no fences.
You sir are a democrat in disguise, and it isn't a very good disguise. Voters see what you really are.  You are not #MAGA or #MASA .
Trump created the problem and Republicans assisted by it's inaction. How can I be "grateful. " to those who created the problem. Bull!

And it didn't occur you, after 9 months of dealing with a madman, that he might, say, be toying with you? #25thAmendmentNow
No amnesty.
I spy a one termer.
