Nice photoshop
It's not photoshoped
I hope you don't think it's real, if you do, that's just sad lol
Tell me any reason why it should be doctored/Photoshop?
Its probably taken from a helmet camera
Because there is the actual picture: http://assets.cdn.astronomynow.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/02144753/07-Annular-eclipse-Melandri.jpg …
Those are new parachutes not the old T10's. But who cares it's still a cool picture!
You guys really shouldn't be posting fake images. Because now this will be passed around as being real for years to come.
Nice picture
Wow
Shot of the century @MARFORCYBER Your turn @AFSpecOpsCmd 
#SolarEclipse2017 100 years ago, the world learned what an eclipse of #Paratroopers raining down from the sky looks like. #100Years #eclipse 
Negara kuat adalah negara yang mampu berdiri di atas kaki sendiri!!
NKRi(indonesia) berdiri di atas kaki sendiri?!!
Bravo patriot kepahlawanan para pahlawan&para pejuang bangsa dan negara kesatuan republik indonesia(indonesia)!!
Pretty sure 100 years ago the 82nd was an Infantry Division. Airborne operations were more than 20 years later.
Incredible sight!
So cool.
Y'all should say this is a composite image not an actual real pic
Love it
Do you know what aviation looked like in 1917?
All the Way!, from CSM Belush retired , Thank you for letting me sleep at night!
More like 75 years ago.
100... the division was formed August 1917
But there were no Paratroopers remaining down from the sky in 1917....which is what the tweet says...so... 
How to find the owner of this beautiful picture?
This is great
Nice photoshop. You could have said a combination to two photos. The photo is from Australia.
What is this image supposed to be of?
Posted this too but found out it was a mix of photos. The eclipse is actually an annular eclipse and wasn't from yesterday. Cool pic though.
The aircraft in the picture is a C130 and did not exist 100 years ago.  Nice picture possibly number of years was miss quote.
Makes me even more proud to be an @DINFOS  grad. Amazing work by an associated craft in a brother service. #CombatArt
The sun was at 85’. This is photoshopped
GOOD ONE.
so cool!
When I first seen it I thought it was photoshopped but here ya are. Thanks for a great pic Oh and for Killing all those Nazis that was cool
Great imagery, but the first official paratroop units weren't authorized until 1940, not quite 100 years ago
winner winner chicken dinner
Amazing
Have some decency and honour and state that this photo is fake.
Hoax
@IngrahamAngle ...You see..... *** AMERI-CAN ***  !
Cool... ! and so TRUE
It's fake. Sorry.
Photo Manipulation !!
Literally everyone knew that right?
Hot damn, @82ndABNDiv won the eclipse.
#SolarEclipse2017 100 years ago, the world learned what an eclipse of #Paratroopers raining down from the sky looks like. #100Years #eclipse 
Awesome Solar Eclipse
This wins the internet today!!!
I wish you were one of the 22
In 1917 we barely had biplanes flying let alone paratroopers stop posting bullshit because you think it's cool start checking facts #liar
Up until '42 it was only the 82nd Div. Both 82nd and 101st became Airborne units then. Dude, if you're going to use history, *know* history.
This is why I demand people post certified third-party facts because people can say anything and a populist move can support it
People will believe any shit they read because it's been posted people are that stupid and then they post this shit themselves
All the people saying "not 100 years ago:" Not talking about a LITERAL eclipse. It's in the "blot out the sun with our parachutes" sense.
I mean, granted, 99th anniversary of 82nd Airborne's WWI offensive isn't for another 3 weeks, so it's not TECHNICALLY 100 yrs. Still though.
Then say 75 years ago or nearly a century ago don't lie because you think people know better they don't thanks to this bullshit social media
I am not in the mood right now to post article after article about the lowering of intelligence thanks to our smartphones
But I've seen this shit going for a decade and trust me people believe whatever shit they see that's why I demand facts because they don't
So I don't care what side of History you were on I'm not taking any apologist response for people who do outright wrong information
And I've been fighting anti-semites since 1990 so don't give me that I'm one of those people either
2/2 First full divisional deployment of large scale paratroops didn't occur until WWII and that aircraft and those chutes look even newer
1/2 the only annular solar eclipse in 1917 occurred on Dec 14 and could only be seen in southern Australia, South America, Antarctica
Beautiful picture but are you sure about that date?
Since that eclipse marked end of WWI & beginning of new type of warfare, what will this eclipse bring. Continent wide before was in 1776.
That  so cool
What Beauty.
it was an eclipse that proved Einstein's theory....and it wasn't a day at the picnic in Australian outback 
NOT...a 100 years. Use a calculator if you must.
2017 minus 100 = 1917.
So exactly where did this jump take place? What aircraft were used ?  LOL.

Airborne!
Maravilhoso ! pena que aqui no hemisfério sul não pudemos ver. 
Photo of the YEAR!. Amazing. GO Army!!!
No it isn't because we didn't have Airborne paratroopers 100 years ago it is a fake it is photoshopped as much as the so-called fact
I hope sir that you actually were educated in history when World War II was by the way
Wow!
Taking a metrological event and connecting it to your division's history. Genius!
That's awesome
Gorgeous!!
Wow! What a great picture
