Shame on u for voting repeal ACA.  What's Ur real plan?  And no BS about HSAs. Those making 30k per year can't afford that.
whah whah whah. You're greedy if you want to use other people's money for your own healthcare! #statist
I don't want someone else to pay for it. I just wantto be able to have insurance.
Only other option is Medicare for all i.e.public option.   Ole Tom Clairbourne wants to pay few 100 grand a year for his meds.
metro looks like you lack understanding of the free market
Furthermore I work in insurance biz. I understand it completely. What do u work at?
oil. You understand crony capitalism and somehow want more govt intervention.
No. want more fair laws. Still waiting to know wht ur bkgrnd is. Economics degree??
putting politics ahead of real people. #dishonestpolitics #aca #asheville #noreplacement #letthemeatcake
taxation is theft. Forced market is corrupt, statist, crony BS. Stop putting communal greed ahead of individuals.
@LindaSuhler repeal don't replace. I thought Repubs were supposed to be pro FREE MARKET! #insuranceshill
You seem proud of voting to take away insurance for millions, with zero alternative. #shamefulGOP #TheWorstOfPolitics
give all Americans same Congressional health insurance plan you buttheads have on the hill
you have it absolutely backwards...unless you are going to up the ante with a #SinglePayer system.
Don't repeal, so far what have you offered that is better than ACA? Keep the vital lifesaving program.
what's your plan?
What does "affordable for everyone mean?" These are just words!! All talk no action!
I am scared by the wreckless behavior of the GOP. Stripping millions of their healthcare w/o a replacement ready #Wreckless
Replacing it with what, Senator?
We should require congressional representatives to USE any plan they pass. See how fast they reverse course.
Where's the plan?  You're sentencing me and many others to death. We have a right to know how our deaths will occur.
We'll see. Why don't we know about this now???
Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Sorry, but you and the Repubs are so wrong and you know it. Shame on you, Mr. Pretend I Care about my constituents.
My son will be removed from my plan once ACA is repealled.He is epilitic&needs meds/Dr care to live.WHERE IS THE REPLACEMENT?
You are one of my senators, why in the world would you repeal ACA?? All these years, no replacement provided. Uncaring!
I think millions of people would like to hear what this plan is.  The ACA is not perfect, but it is saving lives. #SaveACA
I have heard NOTHING from you about replacement. I need ACA as do millions
@srhayes With????
with what? You guys have had 7 years to come up with something but don't have any kind of plan for me to look at???
@ChristiChat Keep the faith, Baby!
very excited about the prospect of a single payer system finally coming to the US!
You do realize that YOU will be the single payer in any Republican plan, right? But wait...they have no plan.
With Medicare for all? Nationalized healthcare? You will vote for taxpayer subsidized bennies for corps, how abt smthing 4 us
When do we get to see the replacement, Thom?
Yea, but what if you can't deliver.  The burden is on you.  I wish you luck but don't promise me a replacement and not deliver.
Will you actually replace it? Will those of us who are sick, disabled & poor be taken care of?  You'll have to prove it.
"Committed" you say? So members of Congress will drop your gold-plated health care packages while you figure out what's next?
Where is the replacement? In seven years there has been no plan!
it is immoral and an act against the nature of God 2 deliberately mislead with empty words. Where is the GOP plan #Obamacare
Get the Federal Government OUT  of the health insurance business. ITS NOT YOUR JOB...READ THE CONSTITUTION.
I'm a constituent I have called your office Taking away insurance from millions is not what I want. Your "plans" are terrible
So you are replacing health care under the Affordable Care Act with affordable health care? Somehow this isn't making sense.
.@SenThomTillis and what exactly does the replacement healthcare program entail?
That sounds fantastic! When do we get to see the details?
#replace
Replacing with what? You have no workable plan. Millions will have no care.
American people have yet to hear a plan from GOP. We are terrified by this aimless slogan "repeal and replace." #healthcare
@NCHouseSpeaker What's your plan to replace? Why would you repeal with no replacement?
Ignoring repeated requests for details of the so called Republican replacement plan is very telling Senator. #pathetic #lier
What is the plan to replace it? What will be done different?  You are working at repealing something you do not have a plan 4
@Crazy4RedSox  you've done so well costing NC a billion  $   do you Job. Work for US citizens not the stuffed cheeto
This is a lie. As are most things you post.
What are the details on @GOP replacement plan? Can't find them ANYWHERE!
@JohnBellNC Hopefully the replacement will work for all citizens! I was denied because I'm legal, male, and not pregnant.
but I w ACA I already HAVE personalized, patient centered affordable healthcare. Don't want a replacement.
.Can't wait to see your plan. It better be great or you're going to have rioting on your hands.
@NCHouseSpeaker Yea don't hold your breath
How will you keep insurance for the 22 million? I'm one of the people with Obamacare #saveACA
Are you keeping the guarantee of no annual or lifetime cap or will Trumpcare patients run out of coverage--cancer, ICU?
What plan? Restore recision, pre-existing condition exclusions, lifetime caps easily breached by an occurrence of cancer?
.@SenThomTillis OK, then show us the plan! We've heard nothing except that #Obamacare is terrible.
what is your idea of a replacement?
Make it happen, Thom !!
could you share with your constituents what the replacement plan is?
once again, you're not being truthful. You have nothing to "replace" the #ACA  You're merely stealing from the poor.
Thank-you.
You mean committed to robbing the poor and middle class to fill the pockets of the rich.
I'm a small biz owner, my business is growing, but I won't be able to afford Healthcare without the ACA this year.  #SaveACA
@LindaSuhler #Obamacare IS literally killing people! It's unaffordable and the DOCTORS should be doing the prescribing!
@LindaSuhler So much for Obama "Pen and Phone!" @HillaryClinton is President of NOBODY! GO @realDonaldTrump !
@ChristiChat  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYr5rc4NdFg&sns=tw … via @youtube
What happens to normal people with pre-existing conditions? Their protections just vanished, per your vote.
senior on a fixed income Before ACA I pd more for my prescription RX after ACA I pay less for my prescription RX #SaveACA
if somethings wrong and it should not be done for the sake of political gain #SaveACA
please don't allow ppl w pre-existing conditions such as PREGNANCY/DIABETES/ASTHMA/CANCER to be denied health care coverage
I applaud your commitment and expect these actions to happen simultaneously. 20M ppl can't go w/o healthcare.
and stop giving trump free rein. He lies. You know it. Stand up and be an american. Show taxes and divest. Honest way to lead
what is your plan? When are you going to show it? We cannot believe our reps anymore. Too many lies. Actions speak loud!!
raised $1,893,873 from the Finance, Insurance & Real Estate industry. Hmm. Who's he siding with?
@OWTF2016 @SenThomTillis certainly NOT those he represents here in NC! He must go. #ExpectUs #2018
You've had years to develop a new plan. You have not. Why?

#acaworks #ncpol #ncgop
so should we be holding our breath this “plan” accounts for pre-existing conditions or do dying people not count?
show us the plan #talktalktalk
just make sure that folks don't lose their insurance.
ps and make damn sure the insurance companies don't raise the prices like they did w/the ACA
But there's no plan.
.... Replacing it with whatI'm sorry , I can't you? Did you say, you don't have a replacement planok good day 
Where is your replacement plan??????
Is this is such a wonderful plan, why did you pass it in the middle of the night last night?
@KDORR_USA REPLACE SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES HEALTHCARE WITH ACA.
@KDORR_USA Keep your fingers of my ACA
Where is your plan? Where is the bill? You can't tweet your way through this. #Obamacare
It would be nice if you let us know how you plan to do that. Thanks.
Replacing with what, exactly?
