Slick John giving sanctuary to some yellow GOP running away from voters
This is nice but Senator Thom Tillis should be in NC, meeting with constituents.
I'd like to know what the plan is to stop Trump's wall. It won't help the TX economy & is a waste.
< have a town hall meeting @SenDeanHeller
Next stop on the official John Cornyn doing all the things to avoid talking to constituents  tour.
lol we can't even get Thom Tillis to come here! He's super avoiding us!
Please all our beautiful waters fishable and swimmable. Polluters should clean their own messes.
Build the wall.  TEXAN elected a President who campaigned on Building the Wall.  DO IT gentlemen
avoiding people at home pissed about ignoring $73k donor DeVos opposition
So this is where cowards go to hide from their constituents.
Senators, why did tour visit only Valley mayors & no town halls? Afraid to hear voice of voters?
Woukd welcome you to a town hall in Dallas
have to pay for congress tax breaks and loopholes f the nation
You're doing a GREAT job! Also, you're the target of paid Twitter "astroturf" who flood ur tweets
propaganda, get used to it, real voters are mad
why aren't you meeting with constituents? Do your damn job!
Please feel free to keep Tillis. We don't want him. 
Sincerely,
North Carolina
.@JohnCornyn @SenThomTillis @SenDeanHeller can't hold a town hall for NC citizens but he can head to Texas for a photo op...
#Mexicanhunters #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
who's paying for this field trip? now you've seen the river & the woods what does that tell you?
Anything to avoid those town hall meetings.
such a lying class of people Senators that are hiding from there voters next attack SSI
Glad you had fun but when is Senator Tillis coming back to NC for a #TownHall ?
Thank you for checking out problems on S. Border
Vote yes on Bill ...........S 1562
Senators, you all should have been in your home states having town hall meetings!!
it's ashame that this takes priority over listening to your constituents
have townhall meetings
town hall meeting while in Austin sir? Your constituents would sure love to talk with you
Just stop. This is so bad. Be a man and get face to face with the voters you are beholden to.
Townhall meeting please, you work for us, remember.
When are u 3 going to face ur constituents?
Here they are! Old white supremacists at their best.
When are you coming to meet with your constituents in N Texas? #doyourjob
when is a town hall?
little John, you and Donald plan to build a wall down the middle of the Rio Grande?  Good idea!
Welcome to the circle jerk at taxpayers expense at the Rio Grande while our Democracy is trampled
, come to Houston.  Meet with your constituents.
in 2020 you'll have lots time for fun and 
you need to be meeting with your constituents here in Houston. Fear of little old ladies??
Sen Tillis, your constituents would love to chat at a #nctownhall 
great day in the Valley? Did u visit Rio Grande City & see how we need jobs, ACA & better schools?
Hey there, nice vaca shots. P lz ask Senator Tillis to GET HOME AND HAVE A TOWN HALL?Thks.
Not paying you to go play on the Grande...get back to DC & do your job for us...time is up 2018
why don't you hold a town  hall and LISTEN to what we the people actually want for a change.
NC is disappointed in you Senator Tillis. Avoiding your constituents wanting answers. Shameful.
We ARE building the wall! If you like your jobs as senators, get behind this. Build the wall!
didn't know @SenThomTillis represented Texas. When is he coming to NC? #TownHall #milkcarton
well NC we found Sen Tillis and he's not at our town hall meeting he is securing our boarder 
you should be meeting constituents. Yeah really. #town hall #trumpisgonnatakeyoudowntoo
so glad you're having a good time. We should have a town hall to discuss TX & the US.
How about Tillis come to NC for some town meetings?
Amen! You can't hide from #NC forever!
http://m.wbtv.com/wbtv/db/330726/content/6MB2Tuic …
the  economy will grow as a result of global trade-let that sink in as Trump nixes TPP and NAFTA
Must have been a party. Call us when you're willing to meet with actual voters instead of ea other
be careful out there Senator...middle of the rio grande ur a target for the criminals
I'm not buying it instead you should say town hall meeting and the date
Congress is in a District recess so you should be in your District holding a town hall meeting
Please stop supporting the wall.  I hope you thought about a wall in the way of your views there.
. @JohnCornyn glad you're in Texas, you can make time to visit constituents in Houston at a #TownHall to discuss our concerns
he is not coming! Cowards do not like confrontation. That's ok no show no vote
Excellent! Welcome back! Where will we find your town hall down there in the RGV?
hope your looking at plans for the wall. Let's get moving
Investigate Trump's Russian ties!  We want to see Trump tax returns! #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
Rich assholes working to get "the mexicans" out of RGV. Will you be putting them into train cars?
I guess you are so tired after working for a whole month, you can't make time for a TOWN HALL.
Please investigate trump's ties with Russia.And we want 2 see his taxes. @nytimes #resist @ACLUTx
#DoYourJob what are all of you elected public servants doing!?!  Not holding town halls!
walls aren't what you build against friends and business partners. For Texas, Mexico is important.
support H-2B! @CatoInstitute has proven it reduces illegal immigration  #SaveH2B
Public was invited!
Senator Cornyn, when will you come to Austin for a town hall? @TX10Indivisible @TexasTribune
Senators, where are our town halls?
#TownHallNow
You could be on your way to SA to help with damage and then have a town hall in Alamodome!
So glad to hear you want to improve the economy along the river. Great topic do discuss at a town hall!
Why do all of you "fact finders" all go to same place on Rio Grande? I live near there, John, can we meet?
They can come to your town hall if you like, John! Just have one somewhere soon. I'll travel too
this would have been a perfect time for a town hall! We want to support you...give us a reason!!
Didn't recognize you. You're usually hiding behind McConnell.
Come to Houston and face up to your constituents
subpoena Dr. William Thompson of the CDC immediately to testify of the vaccine study FRAUD!!!!!
TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL TQONHALL TOWNHALL TOWNHALL
and townhall??? What about representing people of Texas
Oh then you must be dumping coal into it.
at least you mention the economy! And interact (unlike ted Cruz) how about a town hall!
Maybe you should invite @SenThomTillis @SenDeanHeller to a town hall. We could give them a big Texas welcome.
did you see any Russians while there? Couldn't be b/c you weren't investigating! #sarcasm
waisting TP $$ for what we already know! Go home and enjoy your Pres Day!
so... now that you've had your bromance river trip, could you maybe hold a #TownHall???
I'm embarrassed for your social media team.
I'm glad you enjoyed the river. When will you hold a #TownHall to meet with your constituents?
Your constituents have lots of ideas about border security and economy.  Let's share at #townhall
Fishing or just avoiding your constituents?
Awww, look at them good ol' boys. When's your #txtownhall?
2 out of 3 out of district for district week
The lengths you will go to in order to avoid your constituents.
If you care so much about the country, investigate Trump/Russia with a select committee.
...or on Mexico's land? or somehow float it in the middle of the river?
River chuds.
Cool. So when's the next town hall?
Great, chilling with other Senators. When will you have time for your constituents?
when will John pick up his phone ! He is too busy for his voters! U suck
