Senator you should demand that @SenatorBurr and his committee investigate the REAL obstruction by Lynch, the Clintons and Obama.
In others words, stop what's relevant now and go back to the past?I'm amazed how many "constitutional conservatives" hold allegiance to DT
U made quite a leap with your assumption about me. I read your bio, suggest you give up on some of "other cool sh*t" & study constitution.
Disagree, unethical ...very "swampish"
That is such a bold statement Senator. Showing such balls is why you are the leader your think you are.
This is rediculous you should be supporting Trump not V Jerret. Not voting for anymore !
That you have NEVER agreed with Ms Jarrett says volumes about your toxic partisanship
Yes, finding the truth should be a bipartisan endeavor.
Traitor.. y r u refusing to approve our POTUS candidates? instead ur pocketing $$$$ for illegals? We the People will remember u!
Thank You!!!! Let them investigate without the threats!
Why, Comey stated POTUS WAS NOT under investigation.  So way continue to waste taxpayers  $.  Wish you get to work on tax reform healthcare
Time for Tillis to go
@SenThomTillis please speak up and reaffirm your support for Mueller and his investigation. The country is counting on you and your fellow Republicans to finally stand up and do the right thing.
@SenThomTillis do you still agree Robert Mueller should be allowed to do his job, and will you work to protect him if there are efforts to fire him?
I'm fairly certain this is the first thing you've said that I agree with (as one of your constituents).  Thank you, and hold strong.
Shouldn't Robert Mueller recuse himself with all his conflicts of interest? Or do you even know about those?
You should be demanding that Loretta lunch be investigated not Trump. You just jumped in the swamp and lost my vote next election.
Bravo. Thanks Thom. We need an independent entity to investigate, evaluate and deliver a final decision. Until then, we are stalled.
I'll bet you wouldn't feel that way if it were you being investigated under same circumstances
Agreed, except I've agreed with Ms. Jarrett before.
I agree, Tillis. You can help the GOP as well as the US recover from this debacle.
thanks for acknowledging that ppl w/diff perspectives sometimes agree. Seems like a basic societal norm to me
Again...you are UNPOPULAR.
Agreed. Thank you senator for supporting an independent investigation.
Happy to hear you say this, Senator. Will you commit to stopping your support of POTUS if he attempts to interfere (again)?
stop wasting money...Go after @HillaryClinton and the rest of her crime family....Tillis you work for NC not the DNC #recallandreplacetillis
Do more than Tweet, Senator.
If you join with Dems to control the senate floor you could ensure the rule of law prevails.
You'll never get my vote again. You could be passing conservative legislation but choose to support Dems in the small amt of time you work.
I rarely agree with you, Senator - but I do on this issue.
Republicans need to be tougher.
Dems playing dirty politics.
And that is why I hope you are replaced asap. Very big conflict of interest.
And if you had been doing yours we would be well ahead on getting rid of assrump.
Thank you for supporting an independent investigation
I'm glad to hear you say that, Senator.  Now, please say that the GOP Senate's healthcare bill needs to not be rushed through.
Ok CONGRESS, are we going back to the Wild Wild West where pretty much everyone carried a fire arm??
I frequently agree with her, glad you do this time!  (Your NC constituent)
Mueller should recuse himself. He has more ties to Comey than Sessions ever did to Russia. Why do Dems never recuse themselves? Be strong.
I don't think I've ever agreed with you, but on this point I thank you. A constituent
Remember, every Republican Senator and Congressmen fate is directly linked to Trump’s fate!
He should recuse himself
When will Hillary be arrested and prosecuted for her crimes?
I disagree with you! Did you not hear Comey say there was no obstruction of justice? This is a witchhunt by Dems and establishment RINOS!
NO - you are wrong - from what I know Mueller is a rhino against the president
Especially since you and your colleagues refuse to do yours.
So disapointed w/ my vote for you! Why not insist Mueller investigate ALL Russian ties including Clinton.Also he has big conflict of interst
Thank you Sen. Tillis.
Mueller is the perfect man for the job & we can be assured the investigation will be carried out correctly. Thank you for the right call.
mr mueller has conflicts of interest as long as your arm.  Why is that allowed?  The Dems wouldn't have it for a second.
Good for you, Senator!  It's the Responsible Republicans who will come out of this whole dark chapter of history unscathed. Good luck!
Mueller is a political hack. Bought by the clintons and driven by Comey.
Does it not concern anyone that one of the highest ranking democratic operatives thinks this special council is a good idea.
This is surprising!  Did you get permission from Mitch before you wrote this?
I'm personally glad to see Senator Tillis acting independently of mitch & the obstructing @gop It's good to be on the right side of history!
way to go Thom
Thank you for your courage.  We need  thoughtful,  bipartisan leadership at this time.  Kudos from one of your independent constituents.
Good to hear.  I know there are good conservative @GOP folks out there. They need to take control of their party. Same for @TheDemocrats
How about the health care bill you're putting together behind closed doors
 w/o hearings or public input? You know majority are against it.
I agree.
Also think you should withdraw support for the disaster 
Republican health care bill
raises rates
pulls insurance from millions
Obammacare is still the health care of the nation, so all the high rates and millions losing insurance still in the democrats hands.
Nice to know we can agree on somethings. Thanks for saying these words in the open.
Ok. Let's focus on the Senate's hearings on the healthcare legislation instead. When is the next one?
Thank you @SenThomTillis I don't often agree with you but I do on this one!
Agree. Thank you, Senator.
We need to get rid of Muller, do to conflict of interest with leaking Comey
Testing the waters of sensibility, eh?  Careful, you may lose the idiot vote
I don't think you and I have ever agreed either, but we do on this one. Your constituent thanks you.
why has he hired 3 democrat party donors and hilliarys lawyer is that not a conflict and a close friend to comey something fishy in dc
Thank you Tillis. I rarely agree with you but on this ... I do
No adequate evidence presented to "We The People" to support your coup, my battalion will be one of the first to arrive #TOOLATETOSAYOHSHIT!
U2 both wrong.
If he's "stand up guy"--his job is to resign.
@POTUS @USAGSessions 
It's not the man, it's the job. DAG should never appt'd.
good answer Sen Tillis.  now how about an in-person town hall, you did promise us one.
Y? So u leftist wackos can assault him?
considering you are a RINO, I'm not surprised, and investigation in search of a crime, when we know there are dem crimes, I'm ashamed U R NC
YES YOU SHOULD!
I agree with you. We should stay out of the investigation so he can be swift.
But has anyone directed Muller as to what his job is?  He can't be turned loose to make it up as he goes. Don't let this morph.
Beginning to think you are part of the swamp!
Says the navigator of the deep state effort to bring down DT. This is EXACTLY what they've been salivating for. BTW, she still living w/BHO?
With Clinton lawyers? Sure, dude. We see real crimes w leaking and spying. What's up with the real crimes?
Did Mueller give Comey Immunity? Did Senate pass a bill diminishing President Trumps power?
You are one of my Senators. I really appreciate your civility. We need it.
Being bi partisan is fun and mature. You should give it a try on some other stuff like healthcare and gun control.
I'm shocked at your reply since you always have your nose so far up @realDonaldTrump 's butt.
