Don't think the American people are going to sit by quietly while u swamp creatures try to usurp our selection for President
No one is above the law, period. What crimes are ones they should ignore if found in your opinion?
What crime is being investigated? Name it
Currently?  Obstruction of Justice.  But the experts they hired indicate potentially money laundering, funnelling Putin->oligarchs ->gop
Potentially some tax fraud/evasion, who knows?  But def obstruction.
Out of the clear blue let's investigate him for obstruction on a crime that never happened. Go away you are wasting my time.
He fired the lead investigator and said it was because he wanted the investigation to go away on live TV.
Moron he can fire the FBI director at will for any reason he chooses. At that time he wasn't under investigation
We are going to primary Sen Thom Tillis for the right reason.
Mueller leaking is not good enough reason for you? Conflict of interest, not good enough reason for you?
Mueller does not have a conflict of interest.
Yeah he does. His name is James Comey.
Please explain how that is a conflict?  Comey is not a target of the Investigation and they were merely coworkers
@SenThomTillis ok buttercup if u continue to support/propose legislation to undermine @POTUS we North Carolinians WILL support someone else
Got that right. I supported him for the Senate and I'm starting to regret it. Won't make that mistake again. #TermLimits #MAGA
I'm beginning to believe you are a #RINO Sir. Need you to support @realDonaldTrump , and NOT suck up to the #libtard  democrats. #TermLimits
You're proposed bill protects cry baby Coons & his lefty nut jobs BS witch hunt! I pray your constituents replace U w a real conservative
@SenThomTillis: We see thru U. U want to restrict @POTUS in any way U can. Stop wasting time on this Bill & work on health care Bill.
The majority of Americans will not stand for it if  Bob Mueller is removed!
Delusional!

and should there also be a law preventing or restricting Senators from firing their staff?
@SenThomTillis  Let's get this "right." Your response is bullxxxx! You are so arrogant that you think you can lie to American People.
.@SenThomTillis you know & we know the deal is rigged in #DOJ You shd be ashamed of youself for failing us #SC #ThomTillis #South Carolina
Can't pass health care, tax reform or other legislation we need. But can pass laws that defend the swamp. Thom Tillis needs to GO!
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP, Mueller's discovery of process "crime" will not justify coup because we KNOW Obama & Hillary's UNPUNISHED HIGH crimes!
Baloney
This is another affront to @POTUS You have to know the powers of D.C. are purposely against him & this hamstrings him more #MAGA
You a Fox in the Henhouse.
Get off your agenda and start supporting Trump who the voters put in office!! Stop throwing up road blocks. Get Voters agenda passed.
Who are you to make that determination?  What an a$$hole
Instead of worrying about restricting potus,do your job!   Put back Independent Counsel with time-limit oversight.
BS.  You already Know that Mueller has a Conflict of Interest due to his close friendship with Comey! Why are you not enforcing Rules!
Ha! What a sentence of lies & deceit from GOP! Question ...is this politician for/against POTUS? Is this example of "deep state"?
So tell me @SenThomTillis ,Why aren't U adressing Muellers countless conflicts of interest, appt all Democrat supporters to his team?
POTUS can fire any exec branch employee including Special Counsel for any reason. Congress can't restrict that power given by Constitution.
to keep you in office and destroy the current administration and President Trump.
What reasons, like no crime committed and lots of lying to get the prosecutor appointed. You need a primary challenge and I will help.
You are making Special Counsel a dictator. Really a transgression of separation of powers. This will go on for 8 years. Witch hunt!
Guess you forgot NC voted Trump in,doubt this helps your re election,
Sad when your own party undermines a president's authority. Of same party.
I wonder if they would have used the special council against Andrew Jackson.
They should have.
This idiot should spend his time working to solve problems ,like health care and tax reform, instead of President bashing for political pts.
It looks like to me and other Americans that the counsel is biased and will not investigate with blinders on.
We voted you in, we can vote you out. Most disappointed in you. Don't believe your explanation. Support Pres Trump.
Like they are crooks
Senator U R not listening to the American people so we wont listen to you! Thank U for unveiling the corrupt sen that U R!  NC Vote him out!
What a lie, Trump supporters will vote you out of office.
Congress needs to stop trying to take our president's power! Would you be pushing this if a Bush was president?  I doubt it !
Where is our GOP standing up against the Russian stupidity! Mueller best friends with Comey & has 17 Dems helping him. Backstabbers in GOP!
Say good bye to your seat Mr Tillis
Tillis is a fraud. He is obviously fine working with Democrats to usurp Trump's Constitutional authority. He will pay at the ballot box
The deep state has been trying to take out the POTUS since day 1. Shameful that members of his own party don't speak up and have his back.
If Rep members of Congress don't implement thePOTUS agenda he campaigned on, then Rep voters like me won't vote for those incumbents in '18
Are you the least bit suspect of the special prosecutor when over 90% of his legal team are Dems? Think they can be objective and unbiased?
There is a statute already. Why not focus on Mueller's eligibility? U mentioned civics 101. Ask any lawyer about ethics 101.
LIE
Yeah right you are holding the lefts hands under the rug. Consider this your last term as you will be defeated
Like bc it was a set up by Comey & collusion narrative is a lie pushed by the DNC? #FireMueller
Ya right. What about muellers conflict of interest? What about his henchmen? Sounds like you want to be president.
#AG_Deputy LIES! Facts: 1.#Meuller' LawFirm 98.5% donations 2#DEMS, 2.Comey's Mentor, 3. Got8 @DNC #ClFd DONOR Lawyers, 4.Jury in DC 99% 4HC
Taking names  & you're at the top of the list!
never has a sitting president received more pushback from his own party.  If you guys had fought Obama as hard as you are fighting @POTUS...
Anytime u r on the side of Sen Coons u r on the wrong side
Your appearance on FOX was so much BS. Do your job and stop blocking the President.
Have counsel he or she pick to investigate not only Dems investigating a Rep POTUS
This is clearly undermining the administration. You are part of the problem in Washington. An investigation in search of a crime.
No, you're trying to Protect the swamp.
In other words you don't want to acknowledge or share power. Counting on 3 Judges (Likely Liberal) to rule if removal is justified. Nope.
Cowards the Ds eat you all for lunch really you worry about this but can not get HCR tax reform can you all fill a venue like DJT NO!
Its NOT in your power to usurp the constitutional presidential powers but ur document gives the air that you're more PURE than Pres Trump.
Senator Tillis, how abt Special prosecutor opens up all things in ur past & see if you come out unscathed! Remember the Ham Sandwich analogy
Would the 'right' reason include special counsel statute (28 CFR 600.7 and 28 CFR 45.2). PROHIBITING Mueller, based solely on conflict!?!?!
And Republicans allow the treasonous scourge to do the Russia investigation
This is absolute CRAP Tillis! Who selects this "3 judge panel" what kind of judges would be selected? Who vets 3 judges? Hamstringing Trump!
whole Russia thing was cooked up by Obama deep State to distract from Obama/Lynch/Comey/DOJ/FBI/Clinton(s) fraudulent acts during election
If so, why don't you create a bill limiting the scope of the investigation strictly to collusion in the 2016 election?
@SenShelby @lutherstrange  please vote NO on this.    Focus on problems you need to be voting on healthcare, tax reform and immigration
Right reasons? Get off ur damn pedestal!
The Clintons r gonna be sorry they started this whole thing, chk my page 4 news the MSM is NOT reporting https://twitter.com/rightlynews/status/889152740450078722 …
Your a total sell out. Clintons own you. Democrat wearing Republican clothes 
Stop wasting our time and our money!  End this crazy witch  hunt!
Your a liar Tillis watch Rosensteins hearing he said he is only one who can fire Muller and Trump never said he would fire Mueller
Another RHINO TRYING TO SABATOGE TRUMP AND WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT! OBAMA AND THE FBI SPIED ON AMERICAN'S ELECTION DAY FOCUS ON THAT!
Your proposed bill is unconstitutional as well as anti-Trump...
Don't "handcuff" President Trump!
It seems Mr. Tillis is getting a little big for his britches. Go back to work and fix this healthcare mess and while your at it tax reform.
and you think that's why republican voters put you in Congress? To aid the democrats in stopping POTUS?   Ok.
We need to remove Congress RINOS
The SC falls under the exec branch, not legislative. Now @POTUS can't make recess appts that @SenThomTillis and Dems have been stalling.
Shocking, America should remain Rule of Law with no person above it??? News to Trump supporters everywhere!
LIAR!!!
You should focus on what you were elected to do. Repeal Obamacare and lower taxes. Stop wasting taxpayers money on this witch hunt.
Why do Rhinos like @SenTomTillis use time & energy attacking @POTUS ??? Quit helping the Dems!!! Mueller should resign!! Friends w/Comey?!?!
Tillis is a D.C. swamp creature trying to void OUR Nov 8, 2016 votes for President Donald J. Trump by undermining his Executive branch power
Did Donald hire you because he can't afford to fire Tillis right now?
??? How dumb is this? Makes NO sense?!? Hahahaha!
No confidence in you. Preemptive strike against the President and yet you can't do healthcare and taxes....Remove distractions?  Big Joke!
Liar
RINO. GLOBALIST.
@FoxNews @SenThomTillis Since when can you re-write the constitution without getting the approval of 2\3 states?
Special council is under the Exec branch, DOJ & POTUS. NOT the Congressional branch. This bill is unconstitutional, separation of powers.
Great
IT WAS NOT BEGUN FOR THE RIGHT REASONS.  Therefore, stopping it is a right reason.  It is the investigation of rumors and lies.
WITCHHUNT-@BobSMueller  Jun 14

It's not whether obstruction was committed, it's about better evidence to ENSURE conviction and impeachment.
I would love every person in congress to have a financial audit. Let's see who is really corrupt!!!
Maybe @SenThomTillis should run for POTUS if he wants executive authority- what a dipshit-
It will be. Broke 45.2 & another federal law. He hired Clinton attys. Conflict of interest too

