Trump just vilified those standing up for what's right and good, blames them as much as the Nazi. IMPEACH HIM!!
You don't get that people are awake and know better than what you are taught on CNN.   Where is the equivalence?
It probably sounds idiotic you Lesley but that happens with a total lack of critical thinking and basic understanding. Maybe a tutor needed?
KKK wasn't there!
Your positions on voting rights, healthcare & immigration support these org. Your votes in these area shows your hypocrisy. #resist
What about BLM and Antifa? Hate and violence too-All groups should be silenced
Call out BLM racist & antifa communist!!!! Don't vote for censor of @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump The Monk Case: The Raping of Lady Liberty by the Ninth Circuit Courts. Multiple Separation of Powers violations. CA9 a joke
then why are you allowing the president to allow this to happen. if you pull him from office doing the right thing will help you politically
Talk is cheap.  What are you going to do with insane man in #wh ?
ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^ 

HOW ABOUT THESE GUYS SIR? FORGET ABOUT THEM?????GEESH. GET A BRAIN.
It is the congress who perpetuated and continues to create and allow the destructive behavior of these domestic terrorist! #stoptheriots
This is all a game from the deep state on both sides, a complete distraction! Get the public attacking each other as they control us!
Y'all gonna have to start directing these tweets at Trump...name him. Also intro legislation to classify these groups as domestic terrorists
Will you support BLM antifa also being listed as hate groups?
BLM's only message is "stop killing black people". Not sure how that is "hate". Also enjoy this from Boston protest:
Y'all should hear about my experience with BLM at the Boston Anti-Nazi Rally. 1/
Senator, as long as you support Trump, unable to find the balls to oppose him, your words right or wrong, are not credible.
The President is a demagogue and a bigot who stirs racial and social unrest. Possibly a lunatic. And corrupt!
Why are Republican lawmakers afraid to stand up to Trump? Didn't your relatives stand up to Nazi's? Can you do less?
Why is COLOR IN THIS. supremacy is hate. There are black &white, brown yellow, red attacking the office of the Pres. &any1 who support Pres.
We will never have equality in America until we can hold accountable equally ALL people for their good and bad actions. The Pres. did that.

So what are you going to do, beyond this tweet?
That's about all he can do.
A generations ago, white supremacists pushed for limiting voting rights, like Rs party today. Until you oppose policy, these are empty words
Empty words is too harsh. My apologies. I'm thankful that you spoke up. But please take action to protect people of color. Start w voting.
Correct! What about racist minorities? What about antifa BLM leftist that attack police & regular conservatives?
The Monk case: The Raping of Lady Liberty by the Ninth Circuits Courts. Multiple consecutive Article III violations. Validates this hate.
Then why do we have 3 White Supremacists in the WH? #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
Please review the #WhiteHousePetition,  re; #Antifa,
@realDonaldTrump Chief Judge Philip M Pro has covered this case up for 25 years. The WAED US Court has acted to protect illegally PMP RJJ ..
Why are you not condemning violent hate groups Antifa & BLM? Why do you choose to remain silent? @POTUS is the only one telling the truth.

If you can't call out the racist in chief by name then you are spineless and should be defeated.
This appears to have been a set up, with desire for mayhem.  Opponents showed up with weapons, & started the attack.Both sides wrong!!!
State Police and National Guard were told stand down by Governor. He must be part of the problem. The Governor plans to run for president.
,
They don't hold a candle to your friends, the BLM or Antifa, when it comes to violence. What a jackass you are.
How about BLM and ANIFA? You republicans are damn cowards to say it. They're just as racist as white supremacist or Neo Nazis. Cowards!
And you STILL support Trump.
Yes, Nazi's are bad and an offense to American values. A POTUS who defends Nazi's is also bad and an offense. #ImpeachTrump
What about racially discriminatory voting district? Election laws?
Alex, Folks like Thom just think it's minorities' faults for not moving to the right places. #PollTaxes #JimCrowLaws
No equivocating? Then why no words tht Prz must go?Nazis ok? Prez supports them&none of u call 4 impeachment or step down? words r hollow
Shameful&BS. I'm not gonna stand 4 my prez protecting nazis&kkk who hate people of color&Jews. 
Surreal u don't force him out. 
Appeasers
Thank you Senator. I've disagreed with you and Sen. Burr often on policy. But thank you for having spoke up for true NC values.
...and black lives matter?  "Pigs in a blanket, fry em like bacon". That's cool right?  Must be. You didn't say anything. Get some gonads!
equivocation?! U CANT B so blind n afraid not to c them n the leftist progressives,ANTIFA,for who they both r! SOCIALISTS/FASCISTS! Really?!
Funny you're selective outrage is showing. It is time to get off the Soros dole b4 he buries you.
As one of your constituents, I thank you. Now, please put more action behind your words & do something about this Nazi apologist president
Thank you Sen. Tillis for this strong, candid statement.
Censure this Nazi President!!!
Agreed, those groups are bad. What about Antifa and BLM? Aren't they the same thing and just as bad? Waiting for you to denounce them too.
Impeach Trump before #TrumpCrimeFamily under the manipulation of Putin destroy our domestic tranquility & start war with #NKorea #Venezuela
Tell me about it
Say that on TV news
Yes, that's true. So then you'll be initiating #impeachment proceedings?
No censor no real outrage for Heather
glad to see you feel that way. now stand up against Trump, who clearly doesnt!
Look @violence done because dozens of liberal terrorist attacks have been ignore by YOU & all in DC, u work 4 us!!!
Sure tell that to #poland - you still don't get it and don't know who to fight - Reagan did and here is his legacy
As a NC resident (Thomasville), thank you for speaking out. #Charlottesville
Remember violence=more violence condemn ALL
No courage to speak up against the violence with those in black masks - shame
Now tearing down our history - speak up before it's to late
Please Sen, tell us how you feel about ANTIFICA & their stance on killing whites and police officers they call pigs. What they want now?
Please Sen, tell us how you feel about BLM and their stance on killing white people and police officers they call pigs. What they want now?
Mr. Tillis - I see the Nazi sympathizer is still in the White House. Care to comment? ::s::
Many critters in the swamp it's good  knowing who they are
Why don't you call out our President who apparently supports these hate groups?! You need to stand up against bigotry!
We're voting you out here soon for your lack of support for our President. You have turned your back on NC and will pay the price with votes
Go farther. If you really reject racism, denounce @realDonaldTrump. Make N.C.'s voice heard. #DumpTrump
Then call out @realDonaldTrump by name. Refuse to associate with him. Refuse to support him. We deserve better from you!
And yet Antifa and BLM are angels? They all are thugs and purveyors of violence. Mr. Tillis here supports the killing of cops 
That’s exactly what the @POTUS stated & you don’t support “his” words or him. We notice and will push for your non-election. Selfishness!!!
What's baffling is why Republicans in Congress are not not speaking out against the president's inaction / weak words on this issue.
Sad part is because of Trump and the GOP not getting him out your party is doomed he will destroy your party
Only your vote on whether to convict the man inciting them of high crimes will go in the history books.
@davidautry NC will yes go ahead and jump on the be like the crowed, we know what you really are

Now say this to @realDonaldTrump and push House colleagues for impeachment. Enough. We are dying.
Any comments mentioning the president by name?
Then DO something! Stop pandering to trump
Hi , thx. We agree. Your thoughts on @POTUS ’s response(s)? Still haven’t had about any Aug break town halls? Pls advise. We need to talk.
No shit get to work
Good statement. Now call out Trump by name.
wow, that's a pathetic response to Trumps' statement
Thank you, Senator. It would also be nice to see this statement from you on NC stations, NC papers, and Fox.  And a Town Hall. Thank you.
And you are a backstabbing Senator!
I appreciate the sentiment, but you have an obligation to say his name Senator #DonaldTrump #DoSomethingGOP
Same goes for blm and antifa condemn one condemn them all they are the same kinda of hate groups.period.
Nicely said, Senator.  Too bad your President doesn't agree. Too bad you don't seem able to call him out for his disgusting rants this week.
Seems like the Pres had already covered this.
so are antifa and blm your point?? he called white supremacists out nazis out and antifa like je should have.why should they get a pass
Say his name!
Thank you Senator, across the country we are confused as to whether states and cities can stand up to armed terrorists
Well isnt that a genius statement? Thx for clarifying! Do you recommend we take away their right to free speech?
You're right!!The Nazis were a socialist party just like socialist Bernie Sanders and Democrats "ROBERT BYRD "created the KKK!....Imagine!!
You need to tell trump. Stand up to him.
Black Lives Matter is hateful and racist. We need to address this and the leftists on college campuses preventing 1st amendment rights.
Tell him to resign.
Now.
Otherwise? 
Talk talk talk ...

Call him out by name! You care more about your political career than 4 your country.  History is watching!
I encourage YOU to be the ONE to start impeachment. Tweeting isn't doing any good. #BeTheMan #MakeHistory #StandUp2Racism #25thThe45th 
Not bold enough. Call out Mr. Trump directly!
Good start Senator, now time to call out 45 for his atrocious response to this totally non-partisan conversation.
Yea. They are.  So are you sponsoring Federal-level legislation for the removal of Confederate monuments as symbols of hate?
You must disavow the president's statements sir. Not good enough.
Yes and their leader is Donald Trump.  Stop pandering to this unfit president-history will not be kind.
Tell that directly to trump. Words are empty unless they are directed towards the perpetrator.
Thank you, impeach Trump now
All well and good Senator, but a 5th grade student knows that.  Where do you stand on a president who courts Nazis and the KKK? Stand up sir
Yes, but supremacists and Hitler's Nazis both have their basis in the Democratic Party.
...well said sir...& the same applies to these insane antifa morons that shoot congressman & brutally attack those that disagree with them.
Appreciate your ckarity but...Why aren't you calling out POTUS?  He's part of problem.
The GOP is the preferred party of the KKK based on David Duke's comments about Trump
thousands US&allies' lives lost in defeating this reviled ideology. NO MORE!  NOT the "nice men" Pres called them.  Thank u @SenThomTillis
Tell it to trump.  NAME HIM
That is also true for #Antifa #BLM or do you support those hate groups?

Shame on you!  Trump was disavowing KKK & Duke for decades! Long before he considered running for anything!
 Check your facts!
So are Muslim Extremists. Period.
And Antifa isn't!
Senator, what is your public position on #Antifa & associates and their recurring role in public discourse
So you are advocating for impeachment or the 25 amendment? If you don't, then this statement is as worthless as a $3 bill.
Where do you stand regarding Nazi sympathizers Mr. Tillis? Donnie's a proud Republican after all-I worry you won't stand up to him. :scott:
So what will you actually DO to counter the propagation of hate and bigotry coming out of the White House? Words aren't enough.
Yet you endorsed one for President
Don't equivocate about the equivocator in chief. Denounce Trump by name. PERIOD.
.@realDonaldTrump Where was your voice when obama and current IRS hammer on conservatives?  WHY IS THE IRS NOT BEING INVESTIGATED?
Insufficient!! You did not mention @realDonaldTrump, it needs to be stated!
Start by removing Donald Trump.
And so are Antifa and BLM.  Denounce them as well!
If you are suggesting our president should not support and defend neo Nazis on national tv, why don't you just say so? #neoGOP
AND WHEN R U COWARDS WHO CANT REPEAL ACA GOING TO CONDEMN ISLAMIC SUPREMACISTS????
AND WHEN R U COWARDS WHO CANT REPEAL ACA GOING TO CONDEMN ISLAMIC SUPREMACISTS??
Do you support the president?
Not a fan of neo nazis this is a distraction from the hard work being done by the pres and your falling into it next TaD the American  flag
Agree Senator, but Trump told the American people the truth about the Alt-left, Antifa, and their domestic terrorism. No way to justify them
So. Do something about it. KKK LEADERS IN NC SAY TO EXPECT MORE VIOLENCE. Do not abandon your citizens to madness of the POTUS.
Saying wt supremacists are bigots is obvious. Do the hard work & challenge your party leader to reject moral equivalence.  Silence=support.
I agree, Senator. Wish the President would do the same, and stop acting like 
he's better then everyone else.
Anything that comes out of that frumps mouth is lies! You are all to blame for this mess!
Then impeach Trump, get Steve Bannon out of the White House, start registering members of white supremacist groups on terrorist watch list.
Tell the president.
All racist groups are propagators of hate and bigotry, including those that exclude anyone on the basis of skin color.
They are just as bas as the nazis by acting just like them with bats and clubs Pres Trump was right in condeming both sides Have some guts
Care to name names??? I'll wait.
Yes they are but they are entitiled to free speech.Everyone should have let them protest and forget about it but no they had to come at them
Good words, now some action would be nice.
What about the antifa that was there causing problems??  Where is your righteous indignation to those people??  You're such a pandering twit
So is BLM because they call for dead cops and does not allow "all lives matter". Time for all division to stop. BOTH sides.
But those who object to the attempt to remove our history are not those people. You're ignoring us & hearing only biased media!
Actions speak louder than words! We evicted Nazis in Germany, evict the Nazis in the White House! #ImpeachOrResign
So does this mean you denounce the President and his support of neo-nazis and racists?
But sides with the @POTUS who is for white supremacist groups
What is your stance on Antifa and BLM?
Totally agreeSenator. Did you let @realDonaldTrump know your stance? Time to distance yourself from this Nazi lover.
Thank you. Please make sure the President hears this.
Call out POTUS. Mention his name
And your view on Trump's response is what exactly?
Words are cheap. GOP Congress needs to take action to oust narcissistic, racist, sociopath in the WH. Did u know @POTUS' dad was in KKK?
The president harbors terrorists who murdered an American and you find the courage to tweet. Tweets are not leadership. Act.
You and all GOP members need to stand at a podium and denounce loudly & clearly @realDonaldTrump. And then walk away from that man forever.
Tweeting isn't enough of a rebuke. You represent all citizens, not the pig in the Oval Office.
Thank you.  Now do something about the president.
And when it comes to black supremacists the same can be said for the left put America 1st and unite together in congress 2 stop these evils
The president was not equivocating but confirming his stance on white supremacy  #SayHisName
Time to impeach Trump.  You talk the talk here, now walk the walk!
When it comes to a president who does not condemn them, there can be no equivocating. Except for senators who equivocate of course. Weak.
#ImpeachTrump
Is a man who equivocates and defends white supremacists & neo-nazis fit to be President of the US? What say you, @SenThomTillis?
Tell @realDonaldTrump about these "fine people." #Charlottesville
Say something about 45 please? These soft responses just give the alt right power
