so after  2yr vetting process done by our government...what? You just ignore them? Create a fake reason? You are deplorable.
@Robyn780 @SenThomTillis as a lifelong North Carolinian who has voted both ways in the past, WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT #resist
The order should be simply rescinded.
Thanks for clarification. Can you assure your constituents that you'll protect us from over-reaching executive? I'm serious.
You KNOW that the ban is not what Charlotte wants & you NEED to stand with us in opposition!
you continue be inaccurate and weak. Have your staff read the order and the results of entries, those detained and denied
please vote NO to Betsy De Vos. She is a danger to children and has no place overseeing the Dept. of Ed.
I respect your position, but Trump is over-stepping his power. The President must have respect for the people.
The malice as well as the immigration executive order itself is unAmerican.
Spineless. This is transparently a non-statement.  For anyone curious, Senator Tillis runs for reelection in 2020.
Your constituents won't forget this spineless statement. You only won by 1.5% in 2014. We'll vote you out in 2020
Have some courage and speak out against discrimination and suppression of human rights.  Have you no decency??
It takes at least 2 years to get vetted into our country. Refugees are not the problem. White nationalists with arsenals are the problem.
...legislation that is NOT overturning this order while American rights are under threat.
Where do you stand on treason?  What is your stand on Russian interference with our democracy? Flynn?  Bannon? 
Trump's Refugee Order shames and demoralizes the American public, and puts our troops and scholars overseas in serious danger
It seems that you have some reservations about this order. If so, please stand up to Trump and refuse to pass any future...
thank you
slow witted and ignorant - who wrote that statement for you and who is doing your thinking for you these days
You sir, need to stand up to POTUS & do your patriotic duty.  Refugees are vetted over two years. This response is cowardly.
We need a statesman not a partisan. Trump banned people from countries that have had zero attacks in our country.
Looks like loyalty to the @POTUS is not on your agenda.
.@SenThomTillis No,  The EO is illegal, and the President is violating the constitution as well as American values.  Shame on you.
Actually he's not. Constitutional protections do not extend to people looking to come to this country.
this only helps ISIS recruit.
@SuitUpILM @NCForBernie @ncjustice @NCPolicyWatch Strengthen the vetting then but #NoBan #NO Wall #NoToSessions #NoToDeVos
The order is un-American, and no amount of wrong reasoning can make it right.  Shame on you.
Keep America welcoming!  Resettling refugees is a proud American legacy, with broad bipartisan support.  #RefugeesWelcome.
Perhaps this post would be more powerful if you just had your final sentence vs the wall of text preceding it.  #brevity
maybe his government policy should not be dictated by his business interests.
this is mealymouthed garbage and you've let down the people of North Carolina and our country
@Robyn780 @SenThomTillis as ur constituent I expect u to strongly condemn the Muslim ban. Vote no on horrible cabinet picks
#NoBanNoWall
PLEASE oppose this order and work to ensure the President follows proper procedure in the future.
not just confusion-it is wrong!  Condemn it!!
@SenatorBurr  the #gop is #spineless
Why should a country $20 TRILLION in debt continue to force this bill onto the tax payer? Time to worry about our house first
Wow.
Insufficient and weak. Your loyalty should be to the Constitution not @WhiteHouse and especially not to Bannon. #BanishBannon
Please explain justification for exempting countries with known terrorists but where the President has business interests.
I implore you act in the best interests of your constituents and the American people. This EO is not good for either. I vote
I cannot WAIT to help vote you out. What a wasted word salad of a statement. THIS IS UNAMERICAN.
I believe you to be a good man. Please recognize the country is depending on people like you in the GOP to reign in Trump.
Good to know that you have expressed some dissent-much more needed
enjoy your last term.
Sorry, not good enough.  Not one person who has committed an attack on US soil is from these countries.
Another NC politician creating/endorsing solutions for problems that don’t exist.
Typical Tillis. This statement says nothing definitive. Depending on which way wind blows, he is 4 it or he is against it.
Support American Values.  Say No to Trump's ban on Muslim refugees.
you're so damn weak.This is exactly why the @gop is so weak even after winning an election
#MondayBlogs #ncpol
You are a traitor just like your buddies McCain and Graham. You are proposing another immigration bill FOR amnesty.
Why then is Saudi Arabia not on list? Why are Christians allowed but not Muslims? Gun control will make Americans safer.
You have a chance to fight for what's right. Rarely is it so clear. Don't miss your chance. AMERICA NEEDS YOU.
Your position on immigration EO is reprehensible & horrific! You shame NC & yourself.
@dianeeldredge99
You have sold out the USA. Bad enough that you ducked NC's heroin problem. Can't expect much from you.
Thank you sir! Keep up the good work
good article to read https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3438487/Dissent-Memo.pdf …
Thanks No homeland security input, cultivates hatred, plays into the hands of ISIS propaganda that US is at war with Islam.
Trump EOs only tip of chaos Trump will rain on US. DO YOUR JOB! Resist insane EOs. Stand up for powerless
to your lack of backbone and character. Stand up for all Americans- not just white Christian ones. Stand up for refugees.
Your silence on the appointments of racists to the cabinet, Bannon to the security council, and this statement speak (cont)
Trump EO makes us less safe. At world wide embarrassment. Likely a recruiting tool for terrorists #StandUpToTrump
You're going to be on the wrong side of history, Senator. Executive Branch is ignoring federal courts. Stand Up, Stop This.
You must take a stand against the #MuslimBan. It is your duty to uphold the Constitution. Now is not the time for ambiguity.
I applaud your concern, but you must oppose this order seen as anti-Muslim and strengthening ISIS propaganda against the US.
Just trying to placate your angry constitutants instead of standing up to a tyrant. This will NOT be enough when he falls
I'm for a balance between NatSec and help for refugees. Who isn't? This disaster proves Trump's ineptitude and arrogance.
.@SenThomTillis As one of your constituents, this is disappointing - please take a CLEAR stand against this unconstitutional behavior.

I am encouraging you to vote against all EO by the president.
It appears we have a dictatorship.  He does not rep. the people
Please step up to oppose this EO. This is not who we are as Americans. Please protect us from POTUS overreach.
Sadly, because it is an image and not text-based, #Blind citizens like me can't read it. Maybe incl. a link to actual text?
What drivel. Support my President!
All the repubs in NC b ready to join the unemployed w former Gov frat boy! They have destroyed this state. Tega Cay Water!
lilsponge
Female disabled retired navy vet didn't vote for any republican coward especially the orangatuan in office.
I thank you for not blindly standing behind our president.
how is banning muslims from certain countries actually protecting us from the radical Islamic state? #racist
#NoBanNoWall A ban of any sort won't work The vetting was already occuring I expect U to push to repeal the EO #TheResistance
Will you join Senators McCain and Graham in calling for a repeal of this exec order because it would increase terrorism?
What a cop out! FAR more ppl die of Americans' own hand via guns. Perhaps you could be mindful of that? #MuslimBan
Thank you Senator. We were born a nation of immigrants. My grandparents came through Ellis Island. Let us know be fearful.
what are you going to do to fix this?  Do you have faith in Teump to execute Congress' laws when he can't execute his own EO?
Grow a pair! Stand up to Trump! #NoBanNoWall
Please repudiate the entire EO.This is not right.NO terrorist acts have been committed in US by anyone from these countries
listen to your constituents, and oppose this racist and xenophobic order. How dare you not take stand against this??
I'm a constituent and appreciate your statement but it's not enough. This ban is unamerican
, please demonstrate those "checks & balances" that are supposed to be part of our government.  Rein in the executive orders.
Please speak louder about refining this faulty order.
Lukewarm at best - no moral guts from @SenThomTillis
Shameful. Stand up, be a leader!
hope youre enjoying your last term.
provide evidence this ban is not simply religious persecution and that it will make the US safer.
what about the other "terror prone" countries where Trump has business? Why aren't they banned? -NC resident
this is a lot of words that really say nothing. You were not elected to serve @POTUS STAND UP & DO SOMETHING!
except, Noone from those seven nations ever killed a US citizen...Its not about security. It's scapegoating.
If current ref screening is lax, please review firearms laws as well ... just as dangerous.
Your stance regarding Afghani allies should = that towards our Iraqi allies. Pls familiarize yourself with existing screening
I don't want any muslims in my state that believe in sharia law.
What a weasley statement. We North Carolinians deserve better from our Senators. Lead, don't follow. Refugees aren't a threat
where is your humanity?
hope you're enjoying your term in the US Sentate.  You won't get another! #resist #NoBanNoWall #PowerToThePeople
That's a start. Now address the conflicts of interest in creation of list and @POTUS refusal to follow courts stays
Thank you for taking this position!
At some point, you're going to have to grow some. Stand up to this bully. Decency demands it. And so do your constituents.
please release a clear statement of opposition to the President's EO on immigration. It is unconstitutional and immoral.
you're as spineless as @SpeakerRyan.
I'd check on Comey's warning re: incapable of proper vetting. Stand up to oppose #MuslimBan. You know the right thing to do.
this statement says absolutely nothing!!! Tell us how you really feel. Join @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC and stand up!
This says nothing. Not enough, Senator.
Thank you for having the courage to speak up unlike @SenatorBurr!
Concerned that the nations in immigration ban not the ones part of past terrorist attacks, and ban making US more vulnerable.
I was smiling here but am not smiling now.   Take a stronger stand against blatant racism and fearmongering.
if this so why are the countries terriots are not banned.
I'd appreciate some (not alternative) facts with your statement. #nobannowall #YallMeansAll
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”― Edmund Burke
I am a citizen in your district, very happy to see your reasonable approach for immigration.
what a disappointing statement! Give us a reason to believe in your integrity.
Thank you.
What kind of statement is this? Can't wait to vote you out and get a real North Carolinian to represent me and my state.
Constituent here. You know immigration. Stand against unconstitutional ineffective EO! With @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain
there has been already enough extreme vetting. Refugees are running away from terrorist. Do the right thing-oppose the EO.
thank you for at least making a statement. Please consider people and principles over politics.
That is the best you can do? You had a chance to lead and you choked. Disappointing. @SenThomTillis
explain this, please? @tybstar
Better than nothing, but not much better. You know this EO is a disaster & real people are needlessly suffering. #NoBanNoWall
What kind of passive language is this "should be refined".  I want to know what action YOU are going to TAKE?! #nobannowall
As a NC constituent, I beg you to defend the constitution & save our democracy! #NoBanNoWall #HumanRights
please be a decent rep for NC and the US stop trump from destroying our country please!
TL/DR .@SenThomTillis : 1)America is home to refugees 2) but muslims are scary 3)people don't like this but I'm scared to contradict Trump
We need to retain our American values and banning refugees as well as people with legit reason is unAmerican.
This statement is not a statement. As your constituent I ask that you break from this EO that puts us in more danger. 
Senate needs to step in so that Trump stops making  dangerous mistakes that threaten National Security and freedom
This statement is equivocation at its most repugnant. What do you stand for? We want you to stand for overturning this mess.
The replies to that statement from NC's @SenThomTillis are scathing. Good.
You need to condemn this. This ban is a cowardly action, the people in these countries are not the ones who have hurt the US.
how do you explain Saudi Arabia not being in the list? We have legitimate security issues but you are just a shill for POTUS.
you should condemn the order, period.
thanks for the statement and look forward to your help outlining simply the current vetting process vs extreme vetting
so...you are in favor of this senseless, unethical order as long as it is "refined"?
this is not a time to prevaricate.  History will judge you.  #nomuslimban
you had a chance as a young man to protect America #chickenhawk
Useless statement. If you're not against this Executive overreach your for it. WE VOTE. Congress must fix, now.
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @Reince HEY THOM: YOU "DON'T HAVE A MANDATE" SO WHY BOTHER, SON?.......U BETTER GET OFF YR ASS!!
As a North Carolinia voter & an American, I'd like you to take a stronger stance on this unconstitutional EO. #NoBanNoWall
This is cowardice. You must clearly state to the people of NC that you either do or do not support this order.#NoBanNoWall
this is not a satisfactory response. You need to address the specifics of the EO and its legal and social ramifications.
the ban is unconstitutional.
With this statement it could be turn into toilet paper for all the meaning you get out of it.Stand up speak loudly or sitdown
know this is a statement
Closing borders to refugees fleeing war is disgraceful & cowardly. Abandoning allies and collaborators abroad is a betrayal.
@SenatorBurr Join the short list opposed instead of sitting on the fence with cowards.
This is wrong -- illegal, immoral, unconstitutional, and will backfire. #NoBanNoWallNoTrump
the EO should be condemned. These refugees do not pose a risk.
what exactly does that mean? Are you going to take a stand or what?
come on, please join us on the right side of history. You'll be a hero instead of a coward.
Good luck trying to reason with Trump haters. They don't have much use for thought or civility.
Pls show some resolve & stop this ban. You work for the people of NC and not for Steve Bannon's minion, Pres.Trump.
we’ve had no terrorists come from these nations, and we’ve had them from those off the list, that Trump has business with. 
. Basically you said nothing.  Take a stand, isn't that your job.
Senator Tillis, I do not support the immigration executive order and I hope that you will stand against it.
What's going to happen to the foreign born doctors and med students at Duke and UNC, Tillis? Do you give a shit about them?
Newborn babies and elderly couples were detained. A five year old was taken from his mother. And this is all you've got?
We have CBP ignoring a judicial order and you think the right response is this mealy-mouthed nonsense statement?
We have a white supremacist blogger advising the president, and you think the green card thing was unintentional?
At this dark moment in US history, you took the approach of wishy-washy sitting on your hands. NC will remember
what a spineless excuse for a man.  I'm ashamed that you represent me.
Not a brave response. Be braver. Act like an American!
the problem with this EO is not the practical details, it's the unlawful and wrongful racial and religious discrimination!!!
Why is ur only mention of religion in this statement a reference to terrorism? Nothin on wrongful prioritization and banning?
Take a stand, not this wishy-washy crap. #HistoryHasItsEyesOnYou
.@SenThomTillis so do yo support it or not? You literally said nothing.
Yes, agreed, this is not the time for fluff.
what a bunch of BS. You need to grow a pair, Senator!
If you agree with any part of that EO then you're the problem. And vote "No!" on DeVos. Join the #RESISTANCE! #rejecttrump
answer your damn phone. You constituents want to talk to you coward.
ACT now. For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me (Matt. 25:35)
I applaud you for acknowledging the EO should avoid unintended consequences and not fuel the cause of terrorism.
safe, not sorry is no excuse 4 refusing refugees-Shame on us! ISIS isn't sneaking in as kids. zip27517 #ncpol
where is the evidence that refugees are a threat? DOES NOT EXIST. Diversity is our STRENGTH. - 27203
try developing a real opinion. #toovaguetoolate
You remain spineless. As a North Carolina constituent, I request that you proactively oppose isolationism and Islamophobia.
get a spine Thom. U will b on the wrong side of history with this non answer. Who's next after Muslims and legal immigrants?
@ncketters The primary purpose of gov. is protection of country. Stop insanity of allowing killers entry.
I am a constituent and oppose this action of fear and religious discrimination. It is an important moral issue.
Good God man, stand up for American values and oppose the ill-thought out ban, which is doing much more harm than good.
Way to play it safe. geesh.
I am a constituent and I am deeply concerned about this EO.  Please stand up for the American spirit by denouncing it.
The Syrian Civil War has been going on for five years. Not one attack on US from there. I'd call that proper vetting!
"Inexplicable"? Explanation: inexperienced WH + power + haste - DHS/DOJ input - morals - Constitution = chaos, inequity, harm
How safe, how sad. You need to stand up for what is right,  and forget about these wishy-washy non-stances.
