THANK YOU!
where's the money coming from? You've given me no reason to trust u. If u can deny climate sci, u can deny all science
Please consider signing this petition holding @SenThomTillis accountable. #TheResistance
Some actual healthcare? I'll have to move out of NC if this AHCA disaster passes. I don't trust you to cover my pre-existing conditions.
They want to defund medical research and other scientific and medical endeavors. Why do you support them given what you have lived thru?
I am registered Republican but I vote 4 the person and not by party. Please stand up for our children and vote NO for #Devos
-- Commendable. Another bipartisan (and decent) thing you can do right now is vote against the Devos nomination.
This would be great. Would also be great if you said NO TO TRUMPCARE.
Thank u so much and set aside some $ for early onset.  My son-in-law is afflicted.  It is terrible.
thank you Sir
I support that. Now vote NO on Sessions.
Senator Tillis, as one of your constituents, I urge you to vote against DeVos for the good of our education system.
What Mark Said.  And BTW are you ever going to answer your phone again?

The @WhiteHouse petitions page is live.  Take advantage of it.  Sign this petition asking for Trump's resignation. https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/donald-trump-resign-president-united-states-violation-emoluments-clause-release-your-tax-returns … 
Good luck getting good researchers with that new secretary of education appointment you helped vote in.
Exactly! Scientists happen by magic!
You don't get to use the word Bipartisan again. Liar.
@SenatorBurr In speaking of health care, how's #RepealAndReplace going?
@SenatorBurr I'm a constituent and I'm asking you to vote NO on Jeff #Sessions for US Attorney General. #NoSessions
Great! Now please vote against DeVos. Our children deserve someone who is qualified, not just rich!
We agree on something? I guess there is a God.
And becoming a "scientist" requires years & years & years of education. So your friend, DeVos, can help.
Good luck @POTUS chose to gag order science week one.  You've set science back already.  Sad!
great, now PLEASE DONT repeal the #ACA so current Alzheimer's patients can get the care they need
we can only hope Steve Bannon gets alzhimer
great! But please join the group of senators voting NO for DeVos.
I am your constituent (27317).  Vote AGAINST DeVos please!!!!!
ur political career is over if vote 4 #DeVos. Ur constituents & voters won't support u again in future runs. Care to hear us?
Add my voice to 5 million Americans- DeVos is grossly unqualified and makes a mockery of the entire administration
Great! Now join a bipartisan group of senators to block nomination of an incompetent Secy of Ed.  #VoteNoDevos
hope you are serious...this is a critical need
Isn't that special. Did u know Research nds Federal funding & EDUCATED scientists?
my mother has alzheimer's but I'd rather concentrate on bigger things until our country is straightened out.
I think maybe POTUS could volunteer to be studied. @SenThomTillis @POTUS
$70,000 for your vote! Shame on you!!!
This is BS sir. You are using it to deflect from the unbelievable harm you just did to the children of North Carolina.
.@SenThomTillis @POTUS it doesn't matter what you do now. You are bought and paid for and your constituents do not trust you. #coward
You know what would have been great? Voting against DeVos. But I guess $70,200 speaks louder than the children of NC.
#boughtbybetsy
It's a shame neither of you care for the future of our countries children.
my disabled granddaughter and I will not forget!  She'll be old enough to vote against you.
.@SenThomTillis @POTUS I like how you can use "bipartisan" so flippantly. DeVos? Seriously? Shame on you. #PeopleBeforeParty
@BetsyDeVos paid you to play. You will be held accountable for her failures.
Good luck with that. You think DT cares about people growing old and needing quality care?
thank you for being a champion to #endalz - $$ for research is an investment in a future w/o Alz @Alz_cnfl @alzassociation

The @WhiteHouse petitions page is live.  Take advantage of it.  Sign this petition asking for Trump's resignation. https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/donald-trump-resign-president-united-states-violation-emoluments-clause-release-your-tax-returns … 
Did Alzheimer's pay you anything?
This special needs parent wants to thank you for assisting in the worst choice possible for education.
You need a decent education to be a science researcher. You just screwed future researchers.
We will remember how you voted today. #DeVosvote #Wrongsideofhistory
I wouldn't give you air in a jug.  You sold NC out.
Thanks to you Pub Ed will never be fixed.  It's not perfect, but now it's ruined. Many Reps think this too.
How will we have an educated workforce to research Alzheimer's if you just voted in Devos? SHAMEFUL!
You are corrupt.  Admit that you had voluminous requests from constituents like me to vote no for DeVos!!
AGAINST students with disabilities. Remember who voted AGAINST constituents.Bipartisan for Alzheimer's questionable NOW.
2 bad u couldn't join a bipartisan group to save us from Betsy DeVos.  How much $ did she donate to your reelection?
Your vote on DeVos ensured my vote against you. No integrity.
DO NOT pass the buck to Pence. Vote NO on DeVos!
Thank you for fighting for research. Science is important! I'm one of your constituents (27103) so I ask you to #NoVoteDevos
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS! #NoOnDeVos
vote against devos
Yes that is a worthy cause. Now, will you do the right thing and #saynotodevos ?
If you want the scientists to do the research, you can't suppress their data. #EndALZ
30% of Alzheimer's cases caused by environmental toxicants. Will this be considered OR just $$$ again?  #scienceisreal
As a North Carolina resident and voter, I implore you to NOT vote for Betsy DeVos' confirmation.
You just got elected Senator, please show principled leadership. #NoOnDeVos
the American people say NO to @BetsyDeVos
@ALZIMPACT @POTUS This is so terribly important. Thank you @SenThomTillis  #STOPAlz #WeWontWait
great job on being bipartisan here, but what about DeVos? No on DeVos. Fails to compare to all previous Sec of Ed.
No to DeVos.
How about the more important issue of human influenced climate change? I'd like my daughter to have a future.
maybe they could research the president himself, since he displays classic signs of Alzheimer's Disease
Commendable! As my NC senator, u can do more than 1 good thing at a time for us, so vote NO on DeVos!
Glad you are finally doing something bipartisan!  Please #DumpDevos or Recuse your self, since you got $ from her.
Please put the future of the country ahead of special interests by voting #noDeVos today. Children first!
As an educator, I ask you to please do what is right for NC and vote No to DeVos
no on DeVos
We will help your state vote you OUT next election for DeVos. We support your opponent pre-emptively. SHAME ON YOU.
how about Putin ties to Trump?
I sent you an email & have not received an answer to deny DeVos as Sec Education. Charlotte is counting on you!
I would hope that @potus would support scientists' work for brain health
Nice
I want to truly thank you for that & could u help direct some to early onset? My son in law is afflicted.
Left message last night: #VoteNoDevos —N. Durham Residents
NC has some of the USA's finest public research universities in this country. Kids came from PUBLIC ED! VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
love that your working on this. Please vote NO today to Betsy DeVos. Stand up for your constituents
Senator this sounds like a democratic initiative,  did you get this approved before you posted it? You will cave again
Yes bipartisanship! @SenatorBurr Stand up NC! Join colleagues up 2nite & Vote No on Devos #holdthefloor #NoDevos #1morevote
How, Sway? You KNOW your b*tch *ss party doesn't believe in science.
Please say NO to DeVos. Country before party.
Thank you! Would you please also assist w/a bipartisan rejection of Betsy DeVos?
Great! Then please do the right thing and say NO to Betsy DeVos.  She is unfit and unprepared to be Sec. Of Education
please vote NO on DeVos. This is America:  We can do WAY better than her.
Science is so important in helping to #ENDAlz - So is education - PLEASE vote #noDevos #DumpDevos from eastern NC
great! Now, please vote NO on DeVos.
Please vote NO on DeVos.   She has no experience in education and is unqualified for this position.
Alzheimer's research is great! Please vote NO to DeVos. Our next generation of researchers deserves better than DeVos.
How about joining a bipartisan group of senators who oppose Betsy Devos and a #RepublicanKakistocracy?!?!?!
Thank you, Senator, I am your constituent (27587) for supporting R&D with $$. Now, kids need good education too. #DumpDevos
YOU MUST VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE AGREE A BILLIONAIRE LOBBYIST W/BAD RECORD IS WRONG 4 EDUCATION!
Cannabis Patents held by USA 6630507 and Britain's G. W. Pharmaceuticals to cure Cancer, Seizures, Pain.
Aluminum crosses blood brain barrier causing plaque build-up on pineal gland Cannabis users great memory
Did I miss that section of the COTUS ?  promoting more big govt expenses > NO.  Get the axe chop chop
Get the Flouride out of the water, food. Allow Cannabis Oil Extract, Stop Vaccines @ Geoengineering USA Patent 5003186
very good. Now make us proud and vote NO on DeVos, listen to the people you are serving! I.e. Your constituents
@SenatorBurr you two are too cowardly to be BIPARTISAN and dump Devos, you both can call in sick tmw.
very impt, Sen, but tonite I ask you to turn your attention to the impending DeVos vote. Please do the right thing. VOTE NO.
Research at public universities is key.  Therefore #NoonDeVos
please vote no #StopDeVos
join a bipartisan group & reject DeVos!
#StopDeVos
Join a bipartisan group of senators to do the right thing for our children and vote no on DeVos.
Wonderful! Plz do same for ovarian & pancreatic cancers @TealWeFindaCure @Findacure_NPCF
What good are treatments if you cut us all off of the means to pay for it? Health Care Saves A Beating Heart.
Good move. Plz do same for NEC. @NECsociety
A NO vote on DeVos is a YES vote for our children !
Our children, the nation's future, are a bipartisan interest. Vote NO on zero-qualifications, voucher-pushing #DeVos
Encouraged by your message on Alzheimer's #ENDAlz. Now please oppose DeVos
Great! @realDonaldTrump is the perfect first test subject
Good. Please vote no on DeVos!
you asked people to let you know how they feel about DeVos and it's overwhelmingly NO! NO! NO!
great! Please continue to support education and science. And vote no to #devos!
kiss ur  seat good bye.
Do not sell America's children for $49,200. Vote NO on DeVos!
Bipartisanship yes!  DeVos no! Education is a right - for all children. Public schools are foundation of economy. NC voter
Lets keep insurance too please.
Nice work on this one, Senator. I must admit. Also please vote against Pruitt and DeVos.
@SenatorBurr  real person real constituent real talk dumpdevos real bad choice sad!
grammar will not prevail under Devos. Vote NO!
.@SenThomTillis that's great. Now please vote #NoDeVos if you also care about NC school children & their parents!
No DeVos!
how about standing up for our kids!! Vote No on Devos!! Not even Betsy Devos would vote for Betsy Devos!!
seems like a good investment, considering the majority of Rep Senators CAN'T REMEMBER why DeVos is a terrible choice
pls vote No on DeVos. Our education system needs a complete overhaul and we need a qualified experienced person in charge.
Vote on DeVos. She is not qualified for the job. Don't let her buy a job that involves our children.
- we're not giving up. We will not allow you to ignore our children. Detroit deserves better. America deserves better.
Now will you join a bipartisan group of senators in opposing Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education? #RejectDeVos
Ending Alzheimer's would be fantastic. Right now, though, prove that $70k won't buy your vote. #StopDeVos #ncvoter
great work! But don't forget to #VoteNoDevos. I'm in your state, 28259 (Charlotte) she's bad for NC schools!
oh, and by the way. No on DeVos. Thanks.
the other day I said be the change you want to see in the world, this is what I'm talking about! Thank you.
The Future of our nation depends on the education of ALL our children. Be the LEADER in Assuring that future. Vote NO DeVos.
Please vote NO on Devos! Put our N.C. children before party!
medical research is great, but we're not going to let you change the subject at hand. Vote no on DeVos! #StopDeVos
Please vote against Betsy DeVos! Thanks
. @SenThomTillis you know how you get good research? Science and a strong educational system. Please, for NC vote no and #DumpDevos
Please vote NO on DeVos. She is unqualified and unprepared. Show us that you are truly decent.
the future of effective research depends on a well-educated nation #noDevos
we'd like to see a greater investment in educational. My kid's HS can't afford text books.
Yes, but we need you to be very vigilant in protecting our constitution from abuses of power. Thank you for the good work.
Yes, #EndALZ thank you! And also #noDevos! Our elderly AND our children deserve more! My son deserves the best ed!
That's great! Another way to support better health would be to stop #ACARepeal
This is great but listen to the thousands of teachers calling and vote no DeVos #VoteNoDevos
good job, now lets talk about why it needs to be a no on devos #dumpDeVos
, #NoDevos!
please we implore you not to vote for DeVos! #DumpDeVos
awesome but I think we're all more interested in hearing you speak up about DeVos. #blockdevos
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOSS!
You said you would listen to your Voters! Was that just campaign rhetoric? If not, then say "NO" to DeVos #NCResident
thank you! Continue that spirit of bipartisanship with a #VoteNoDevos & support our school children #NCed
I promise to keep banging this drum. If you vote Yes on DeVos, you will not see another term. Period. We see you.
No on DeVos, Senator.
. Please vote no on Betsy Debos tomorrow. I have also left a message for you. We need you to be our patriot!
your SecEd pick Devos, has no concept of accountability standards OR the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
Many researchers attended public schools, do you have faith that DeVos will invest in them and foster such success?
Who will do the research if public education is cut? We need BETTER educated citizens, not less educated. #VoteNoDevos
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!! She would be a disaster for public ed!!!
Undecided are you. Well hear the voice of the AMERICAN people: VOTE NO ON DEVOS! Our children deserve better!!
Please vote NO to Devos!! Unqualified!!
Please protect our nation's children & stop Betsy DeVos. Be the hero. #DumpDevos
Thank you.  My grandfather had Alzheimer's- horrible.  He would never have supported DeVos. Please vote #NoDevos.
tonight, as an NC resident, I beg you to be the difference and vote NO to Betsy DeVos . My three sons deserve better!
sounds great. Runs in my family. More concerned about kids learning. Vote No on DeVos.
NO to DeVos. Follow your conscience
voted for u. Now vote for us, no on DeVos
I'm not one of your constituent but please #VoteNoDevos
Please vote no on the @BetsyDeVos nomination
Great! Pls also stand up for American education, land protections, civil rights. This means no on DeVos & breaking up with 45
in the spirit of bipartisanship, please oppose the appointment of Betsy DeVos, our children deserve better! #OpposeDeVos
Please vote NO for DeVos. Our children deserve better. Thank you.
My grandmother died from #ALZ. Horrible. She suffered for yrs. What if the next great med mind never has a chance? #dumpdevos
