Today another pro-amnesty Republ more interested in boosting his standing in @nytimes than helping American citizens. 
Laura Ingraham is complaining that someone is just out to boost their standing?  Bwahahahaha!
Talk is cheap-
Let's see if you help get the RAISE act passed. It's a great bill that we support. Also- remove ObamaCare from our land!
Didn't vote for you to undermine the President! You sir are disgusting going against Trump to limit his powers as President!  vote you out!
We'll see how you vote on the RAISE Act. Time to walk the walk.
Nonsense! You professed support for a pathway to citizenship many times. That's amnesty! Represent American people not donors for a change!
The American people are not stupid! American citizens are overwhelmingly against amnesty when honest poll questions are asked.
you seem to have forgotten about talking about amnesty for illegals.We have the paper to prove it.NYT is liberal fake news not conservative
He is bought and paid for by firms that import foreign workers with H1B visas to replace American workers.   He is not a conservative #MAGA
You certainly are NOT pro US citizens or US President.  So what do you call that?
Cut your utter bs! You are another Rhino pushing for Amnesty, and visa for foreign workers! Join your Rhino circus-McCain, Sasse, Flake!!
contradictory
Thank you Senator Tillis for working on the bill to protect Mueller's investigation!
We know the DEMS like him,  He is on your side and you did not even vote him in!
Tom, get it together today or you've lost my vote!
I can't wait for your campaign to call me. The GOP will never get another cent out of me. You will not get re-elected
Problem is who to vote for? He beat Kay Hagan who was hated more than Tillis, at the time. I voted for Greg Bannon in primaries.
. Senator you can't imagine how many voters in eastern NC you've angered. You haven't kept your promise to us. We won't forget
Really?  We're all watching!  Thom Tillis doesn't seem to be a conservative, he's playing for the other team.  Time to vote him out.
You are an amnesty shill, just admit it.
Is well know here in the Research Triangle as a major job killer for American college grads in Tech industry @IngrahamAngle
FACT: it is UNCONSTITUTIONAL for the congress to make a law to keep the Pres from running the executive branch
Yeah. I'm not sure you've got NC's best interests in your heart these days Senator Tillis. You've been a big disappointment.
Yeah, better recover quick!  If the right gives up on you the left still knows what a horror you have been to anyone who is not super-rich!!
Yes, you are Mr. Tillis.. You are also a traitor to your constituency and to your Oath.  Once a crook always a crook ... you're legacy.
You have shown complete resistance not only to our President but what matters to American citizens! Why do you still have a job? FAILURE!!
Get behind our, YOUR President and support the RAISE ACT. Rhinos like you and never Trumpers are exposed! Your insidious resistance of POTUS
If you really are against amnesty and a conservative agenda then support the RAISE act!
You blow with wind and who pays the most. We know what you are and stand for. Little Marco Jr. Say one thing and do the other. Liar.
Tillis, you’re a LIAR to your OATH troops stand for and COWARD to the REPUBLIC we die for. Embarrassment to US
How you do feel about the RAISE Act, Senator?
when are you up for re-election hopefully your citizens will speak loud and clear!
STAND BY THE PRESIDENT OR WILL WE NO LONGER STAND BY YOU BY VOTING FOR YOU.  Yes I am in your Voting area
What's this: "...while providing some kind of protective legal status for the roughly 11 million immigrants..."
UR a traitor 2 Trump. Repubs need 2 be reminded that we voted for TRUMP & U were just a recipient of that win.
 U are as pro amnesty as McCain/Flake are. Offering "pathways 2 citizenship" is amnesty no matter how much U & US Chamber try 2 spin it
"Bold conservative agenda" means taking our money & our faith...then breaking promises
CONservatives promised to repeal Obamacare since 2010
Hey Tommy...if so conservative, why does @CR give you a big FAT F!
You WILL get voted out..
is or was holding up @realDonaldTrump DHS nomineer to get more foriegn cheap labor.  Support American workers
@IngrahamAngle
Yes Senator the press will use u while ur undermining Trump.When they are done with u they will drop u like yesterdays garbage.#VoteUOut
uhhh what's  the "bold conservative agenda" that you lead Thom. Inquiring minds want to know.
Gee what a surprise  I haven't heard Thom sponsor or even express any support for the RAISE Act. Hmmm...
Well you certainly sound pro amnesty in many of your public statements.
Start Supporting our Great President! You only got in, because of the coat tails you were riding. We CAN & We WILL VOTE YOU OUT. Get to work
How egotistical is Tillis. NC needs to rid ourselves of this guy. A weasel looking for TV time.
the Senator is a fraud and will be voted out by a true American patriot who will take his seat you traitor
DACA is amnesty. H1b, H2b visas are anti-American. Tillis is just another "Big Business" shill.
You are pro-Hb2 visas to take jobs away from hard working Americans. Your support in NC is diminishing as you speak.
You are the crowned king of amnesty
FYI:  "pathway to citizenship" is the exact same thing as "amnesty".  We need to build that beautiful wall and pass the RAISE act. #MAGA
You support expanding H-2B visa program. So much for "bold" conservatism. You = FAILURE.
Tillis..your becoming "Hillary Murkowski" Misdirection -- Complicit deception--
    standard "Swamp Creature" traits. What are you thinking?
@SenThomTillis wouldn't know a conservative agenda if it slapped him in the face.
Time to #DrainTheSwamp
Perception is reality.
Thom Tillis is pro Amnesty. Deportations, e verify, wall, reduce all visas, end birthright citizenship and all benefits (schools/hospitals)
Thom Tillis is the epitome of Rhino Establishment, anti Trumper. He is pro mass migration, unlimited visas
Impotent man. The people are stronger than Deep State
Bold conservative agenda?  LOL. You mean the McCain agenda?
Laura - @SenThomTillis has shown his true values!  He wants "independence" he has got it.  WE NC Conservatives walking away!  #ncpol
Yes, you're not "Pro-amnesty" you just always favor pro-amnesty bills, fight against border security, and try to get more H-1bs'.
#GOP #RNC What a disappointment you have turned out to be Sen. Tillis! Thx for doing nothing for 8 months Bashing POTUS is splitting GOP.
You are not working on what the voters put trump in office for. Have your own agenda. Shame on you.
You and Coons are not supporting our President and our agenda!! Time to wake up. Golden Opportunity! Stop obstructing!
As a NC resident in your district I disagree
As a conservative in NC, I vow to vote against you in the primary. If you win the primary, I will vote for the democrat. #ncagainsttillis
That 37% rating on Conservative Review tells the story of your"bold conservative" stance.
Words are cheap and actions matter.  Your actions against our Pres. and the party shows your true position.  We don't forget..start pack'g
Senator we have a huge underclass...the last thing we need is   low skill non English speakers with demonstrably low HUMAN CAPITAL#MAGA
In 2006 60% black students graduated HS  in N.C. to 80% in 2016... .For those with limited English Proficiency 55 to 57% same period!
In 50's 450 man hr/acre flu cured tobacco...today 50...with evolution of robotics don't you think this trend to continue#RAISE
The Parieto principal(80/20 rule ie tax payers) applies to immigrant labor...20% of immigrants do 80% labor...temporary Workers only
When amnesty last discussed both Regan and Goldwater were in favor of a TEMPORARY legal status(6 mos) for low skilled workers.
Regan: 2/3 of immigrants are here merely because they are related to someone else and so on resulting in a CONTINUOUS CHAIN!
Term limits
You wouldn't know conservatism if it fell out of the sky & landed on your head!
"Bold conservative" & your name should never be used in the same sentence.
You have shown you are against America. You will be voted out very soon.
You're gone next election Thom. The lobbiest paying you to stab Trump in the back won't be there to help you either.
Nothing about "bold" and "conservative" agrees with keeping the borders thrown open to anyone who wants to come.
Illegal immigrants ALL ON WELFARE..GETTING  FREE FREE FREE..I COULDN'T  GET SCH LOAN ..my single  mom made 30,000..wake up!  TRUMP  RIGHT
Remember November 2020 when this RINO is up for re-election.  He has placed a hold on Trump's USCIS nominee responsible for immigration
Building castles made of sand like the other gutless 52, only real interest RE-ELECTION!
You are and have been pro amnesty your entire time in office. You oppose the President to slow immigration reform. Voted for more visas.
Per FNC, RINO Tillis:
- sponsors unconst bill to stop Trump firing Mueller
- blames Russia hoax for Ocare fail
- says immig. cut hurts NC!
Primary this non-conservative Chamber of Commerce, Soros and Bilderberg puppet at first opportunity!
You're a failure. I want my vote back.
Sen from the swamp?  We voted for you and you can be replaced if you don't represent who we voted for as @POTUS
Time to drain this swamp with a new Rep from the great state of NC! We can put a better Republican in your place!
Cutting immigration is a good thing for NC, I live in NC we have so many people on Welfare use them instead of immigrants!
You deserve negative press. Stop the RINO crap. You AND Graham, Flake, McCain - support @POTUS - you work for me/us, not vice versa.
Swn r u anti trump? @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson
I DON'T KNOW WHO'S AGENDA YOUR FOLLOWING BUT NOT THE AMERICAN PEOPLES OR @POTUS  YOUR ANOTHER SWAMP DWELLER UNDERMINING PRESIDENTS AGENDA
Should of Been @SenThomTillis who was taken out by the baseball practice shooter. Un-american traitor!!!
Employers should raise their wages...it's not that they can't find Americans...they want cheap labor. #Stooge
You should be voted out for being against Trump. You need to switch to drmocrat.
Just watched this show.Don't believe u at all.We know there is no Russian conclusion. Don't believe u r for the President or the US-traitor!
Hey tillis, we won't forget you along with mcfail love the deplorables 
Pompous a.s!
Yeah, watch your back as we kick your a.s out the door! Give this one the bootHe's proven his true colors. All about the Swamp not the USA
Understand all you are doing. Don't think we're fooled for one minute. & by the way, if anything happens to POTUS, watch your back.
You're a complete sell out. Suicide by stupidity is right! You r SO out of touch w the country. You must think we're stupid. We see &
No conservative agenda here. I see a RHINO, a traitor& a buffoon. Laura is completely right about you. No morals, no integrity, no honor.
They are fools and will turn on you in greater numbers. Rejoin the rationalists.
He has forgotten who he represents!   Trust me he will be reminded!
Thom 1 year of accusations of trump team collusion and not 1 fact - so disappointed in my governments servants right now!
Thom this is very sad and disappointing -
Thom, as a constituent I can assure u that u are a fraud who will not be a senator for long. 

#swamp
I agree with Laura...another swampy self serving republican...reason to stay out of NC
You are RINO hear you roar.. Going after Trump makes you the enemy. Prepare to be voted out. Either you are with the voters or your gone..
#voteouttillis
Thom T.....
Never saw this at Bureau . The DFBI decided based on the inv/ facts of Hillary Server , selective bleaching emails/ etc NO referral to DOJ
1) u r NOT conservative 2) u do not support POTUS 3) YOUR FIRED!
Another establishment publican corporate owned face of the D.C. swamp!!
Great mr bozo acting like mcCain DemonRat  attacking the president!
Another WEAK RINO lets Dems set the agenda whether they're IN or OUT of office because of lefty, AMNESTY loving DH like YOU! #VoteTillisOUT
By bold, you mean not doing what your constituents want and being someone's bitch while screwing us over, right?
I've never heard of you till today, but clearly you do nothing, know nothing - except talk and waste time.
R u in on this too?
https://twitter.com/kgoode20/status/894360723844935680 …
As I stated having presented cases at EDNY/ SDNY I am shocked that Ms Clinton evidence by FBI under  793 that she lacked " Intent "???
He is deep state... he didn't do crap to stop Obama.. and Democrats vote this guy out..!! Traitor to America
You, sir, are nothing more than a RINO. Enjoy the Primaries. You'll be back to failing in the private sector soon enough.
Senator, thanks for being a patriot in order to protect the Mueller investigation. It's important for us to know how Russia was involved.
@usambhonduras Amanda LaRoque case dismissed, yet Honduras DA is still holding her passport. Can't leave the country. Please intervene.
You haven't led on anything conservative since you got there. You keep looking for ways to oppose Trump. We are watching and will remember
It costs $64K 4 ea refugee/illegal entering US, 91% get food stamps/73%  Medicaid/68% cash/housing. What cld U'r family do w/$64K?
Sounds ie 2 84% of cty's Trump won turning 90% of US RED U & most of RINO's in DC need 2 pull an Arlen Specter ie Collins, McCain, Murwokski
Political suicide!
I agree with Laura. We have backstabbing traitors in GOP! They care nothing about working with Trump to fulfill promises to American people
You're lying.  You've promoted working with Chuck Schumer and the Democrats for amnesty:
You should support the president, and not author unconstitutional legislation.

You are a part of the swamp and will be voted out. You are a part of the left wing dems. bama. clinton. soros. We will not forget.
Say what you will you are worried about re-election not supporting the President. You will be voted out

Laura, missed Thom blocking Senate health votes for doubling H1b, H2B imagrants vice using Americans. Now wants limit exec powers. Anti USA
All due respect, YOU Sir are part of UNI-PARTY & GOPe, NOT, looking out for #MAGA or Folks at Home. I know, I LIVE HERE in your District...
Hey Tillis just go join the dems already its clear ur just a rino and against Trump anyway..or please resign
Politics is a team sport.  Get on the TEAM !!!
Sen.Tillis you got called out for disloyalty as you deserved. Support Trump or retire now.
He is no better than John McCain who sacrifices his country's best interest for some adoration from left wing anti Americans at NYT
Lol you fight in any wars or spend time in a PoW camp? Cowards always talk the most.
Tillis is a fraud. His bill working with Coons is a disgrace and he will pay dearly at the ballot box
This guy is a lost cause. I'll take a Democrat over this @rushlimbaugh @glennbeck @marklevinshow #Republicans
No Communist Democrats. Just vote this guy out in the primary.
@realDonaldTrump can Handle the DEMS! Its these "BACK STABBING REPUBLICANS" that are the"JOKE"
No but he is not pro @POTUS either, & he is pro Mueller
you want to see the biggest political backlash in history
remove Trump
Most of us had never heard of you till your publicity stunt. She's right. This is all about Thom Tillis. Real republicans hate you Thom
I'll go with Laura on this debate.
You'll go with whatever the noisy box tells you. You'll go with Sean Hannity if he pats your head, I bet.
Hey RINO you're NOT the @POTUS and never will be!!! #weloveourpresident! #MAGA!
Time to #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Teehee. You are a RINO.
There's definitely something smarmy about this guy. So confident he's fooling people but we're not that dumb. Won't fly with Dems or Reps.
Your support of the phoney russia investigation tells me your a Democrat in Republican clothes
If you want to stay in office YOU need to get to work on President Trump's agenda.  Or it's bye bye for YOU.
American's will vote out you and all the RHINOS DISRESPECTING OUR PRESIDENT! WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE GOING AGAINST THE AMERICAN'S 2018
Fact, you're another RINO who wins elections by claiming to be a "Conservative". The jig is up.
Whatever it takes to protect the Enlightened Elitists of DC, right Senator?  You're a fraud, a scam artist, liar & traitor.
He does not represent those who put him there.  Embarrassment establishment RINO.  HYPOCRITE AND COWARD.
You ARE trying to overturn an election of the people to protect your status & membership in the most exclusive club in the world
Another member of the "Enlightened Elitists" royalty in DC only concerned with protecting Country Club status vs serving Americans
#youveBeenThereTooLong #MajorityInCongressArePosterPeopleForTermLImits @realDonaldTrump See if you can to something about #TermLImits please
Support the #MAGA agenda or get ready to for a primary fight! Hendo NC
You're not leading by restricting @POTUS from firing the corrupt #Mueller NC voted for #MAGA agenda! Support it! Hendo NC
Like it or not we elected president Trump. We didn't do that so his own party could tie his hands. It's about the American ppl, not you,
STOP THE RINO'S!!!! TIME TO VOTE THEM OUT!!!!!! USELESS IDIOTS!!!!!
