Your a Snake in the grass.
keep them honest Senator !
YOU'RE SUPPOSE TO BE WORKING FOR THE PEOPLE. NOT WHAT YOU BELIEVE. ANOTHER POLITICAL HACK. IF TRUE. WHY NO RESPONSE ON @TuckerCarlson?
@SenThomTillis , this Raleigh girls will not help you next election, unless you support @POTUS
I'm a constituent of NC and I want you to obstruct the nominees, and help get rid of trump as well.
President Trump isn't going anywhere! 
Lol, keep telling yourself that, you're a real hoot!
His facts are correct Senator Tillis, and I am of you constintuants in North Carolina, and I voted for you too in 2014.
I hope you don't vote for him again. The swamp needs to go and he's a part of it! Eventually we will have politicians fighting for Americans
I will vote for him again, and actually it will be for the third time because he is cleaning the swamp out of Washington little-by-little.
Please do not. They do not represent the majority of the country.
Trump has a 100% performance of picking vile and unqualified people. I would welcome a coup of intelligence.
I want Trump out before he does more damage to our country. He is a disaster.
Get on the Trump train or get the hell out @ThomTillis ! @DiamondandSilk  let vote him out!
H1B visas are what Disney used to layoff a bunch of workers and replace with cheap foreign labor.
I haven't been there since
So, you choose outside the US workers over US workers and because of your anti-American worker bias, you stop nominations?
What you CLEARLY haven't understood yet, is that we see your greed in this. You want more low wage labor for your special interests to make$
You, sir, are the epitome of the swamp and I hope your voters see the real you and vote you out the first chance they get.
Well said! Shout out to any Republican that wants his seat. I'll donate!
Amen, I'll donate and knock on doors for anyone who will oppose @SenThomTillis in the the primary.
Me three.
I just saw on Fox that Tillis is backing new law to protect special council. To take power from Trump. Tillis must go.
Yes, saw it on Tillis TW page. Outrageous! He needs to go, Richard Burr as well.
ALL OF U FAKE REPUBLICANS ARE ON UR WAY OUT.U SHOULD B SUPPORTING THE MAN WE CHOSE FOR OUR PRES. U WILL LOSE UR SEAT.
Obama passed out visas to unvetted refugees.By the http://thousands.You  screwed the middle class with obamacare higher premiums.
It's about damn time a Republican recognized the need for reigning in little boy Carlson!!
Support @SenTomCotton #immigrationBill SUPPORT #MAGA agenda! We will support you if you support us. Hendo NC
NC voter here. GOP did not win in Nov.  @POTUS did. Get on board with people or have a blue seat in the swamp. We'll remember next primary.
Smelling a rat with Senator Tillis.
I'm a NC votr. U like giving jobs 2 foreigners?  Do U want 2 keep ur job? My vote against U counts nxt time!
Amen
I believe @TuckerCarlson over your lying butt.....
HAVE A VACATION PLANNED? DESERTER
So, you're saying your blackmail worked?
Vote out @ThomTillis  let him run for office in another country since he doesn't support US workers #DrainTheSwamp
Yes, in particular, to let immigrants in to help out with his hotels and his son-in-law's businesses. BTW Sen Tillis when is your town hall?
Wanting to displace more American workers like Disney did?
@ThomTillis  show up on @TuckerCarlson  and debate if you are so sure of your facts #DrainTheSwamp I assure you that you have lost our votes
Another mole in the Republican Party? Are you really for the American people? Will you have your job next election? I think not...
He thinks he's safe because he's not up for reelection till 2020, I think he forgot about recall
I'm in NC, Tillis elected in 2012-6 year term-up for re-election in 2018.
I sure hope you are voted out U want to give away American jobs how about U give ur job away and your family members jobs away D in a R suit
Time to investigate @SenThomTillis Come on let's vote this guy out First
Anyone supporting Rump is supporting treason.
I proudly support Our President if you are unhappy maybe you should move to North Korea
You are pro-dictator. That's your move.
Hey @SenThomTillis, know that conservatives in NC understand you are selling out NC to pro immigration lobbyists. Won't vote for you again.
Republican? Vote him out he's part of the swamp !
And now you're also trying to keep Mueller in his position. Another special prosecutor is needed to investigate the so-called "Republicans".
Off subject but you have shown your RINO colors in trying to protect corrupt Clintonite Mueller. A year now and NO evidence. SHAME on YOU.
R
You are the worst senator NC has ever saw RESIGN NOW!
Time for you to go Tillis. You are exactly what's wrong with Congress. You should be ashamed. Make America work again!
@SenThomTillis - I live in NC and will actively campaign for an opponent who values jobs for US citizens over visa holders.
Go on @TuckerCarlson 's show and explain yourself. If you don't go, it means you can't defend your position.
I feel bad for North Carolina right now.
U r 1 and,done. Wrong on spcl cnsl. Wrong on h2b. Wrong on 2 much. Staunch R from S. Clt Will $ 2 primary u, so will most people I know.
Trump knows Americans need jobs. If Trump agreed with your H2B visa increase you would not have had to put a hold on Cissna. You traitor
This rino needs to go. You are an obvious swamp creeper. NC dump this bozo.
You mean help small businesses cheat Americans out of work by using cheap foreign labor?  Agreed because you threaten them.#shamefulamerican
More H2B visas granted. This is completely unbelievable. Americans need jobs and this is what the Republicans give us. A stab in the back.
Check his facts? He asked you on his show. Have some balls & go on to discuss like a man.
Horse Manure Senator! You're backing of more H1B visas to displace US workers is directly tied to lobbyists requesting you to do so @foxnews
You sould go on his show and correct him if your right
Why did you put your pet project (more visas for foreign workers) ahead of the Presidents agenda in the first place? #DrainTheSwamp
So you blackmailed them and got what you want. How does this vindicate you from being a complete scumbag? Note: Donate to his GOP opponents.
By the way, you'd do well to know most poeple trust Tucker Carlson more than any politician.
Just remember Thom, N.C. is watching. And this ones no good!
Hey Thom! Why are you crafting a bill to protect special councils when we all know Mueller is corrupt and out to get POTUS?
Keep going Tucker! He also wants to hold the DOJ ransom; make sure "Special Counsel" can not be removed even if they are biased. 
Greedy Senators want to get their bribes from special interests ,so they give our jobs away.
6 months U held that hostage. Watch ur P's and Q's.We put U in office & we can take U out Thom. Have a care,You need us..
Resign NOW
Somehow Senator the more the light shines upon you and your greedy, dishonest ways, the less chance you have of retaining your seat.
I expect you and other Republican Reps that I campaigned and voted for to VOTE FOR  legislation President 
Trump has brought forth.No excuse
WHY BLOCK the man if Trump agrees on Visa's? North Carolina has many people looking for work! Once Trump gets lazy asses of WELFARE!
Another Globalist America last political hack. Beholden to your lobbyist masters. Another we'll have to vote out soon.
You should have never put a hold on Trump nominations. Why aren't you supporting his agenda, which is the same as his supporters agenda?
Congress gets so little accomplished perhaps it never occurred to Tucker to check.
Voters from ALL states are paying attention now. Hence President Trump.
Then why not accept Tucker's invitation to appear on his show?? Or leave us to think you have a donor more important than your boss. Us!
You're denying you put a hold on Cissna's approval? After just saying the hold was released weeks ago. So your blackmail worked. #RINOSCUM
After you strong armed them! No more foreign employees
Still, you placed a hold...for more H2b visas...right?
Visas, especially H1-Bs drive down white collar wages. Needs to be ended ENTIRELY! There are plenty of Americans available.  #AmericaFirst
Tillis rembr the people voted U n/we also voted for Pres Trump/we can vote u out if you keep obstructing the Pres
. Your a sorry excuse for an American
If so explained, why are you ducking an appearance on Tucker Carlson's show to explain your position Senator?
The focus should always be America First!
Sick of Congress working against our @POTUS Americans voted for Him & his/our Agenda @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr We REFUSE your Agenda #MAGA
Mr tillis,#AmericaFirst WHAT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND, grandstanding to your donors,we the people have had enough check your facts
All of them put Americans last EXCEPT POTUS He keeps his promises and it working hard to keep them. REPUBLICANS for God sakes step up
Don't do this holding up .@POTUS nominations again. Thanx to this you're out |
hey senator Tillis sounds like  you are drinking the left koolaid.   You are going to have to be replaced
Americans first!!!
Retire globalist Tom Tillis now , he is on the payroll of global corporations and Islam,
Really? Lying A$$
@TuckerCarlson please verify! @SenThomTillis , I hope you are telling the truth. #GOP has betrayed us often! Fool me once, shame on me....
How do you sleep at night when you sold US out?
He also wants to sale us out to Mueller and his #biased "investigators"! Is he really GOP or Dem in disguise?! -- Constituents need to know
You moderate rino jokes need to get beat! I hope a decent primary candidate goes against you... although, a democrat is better than you.
Tillis was on @TuckerCarlson a few months ago advocating AGAINST building a border wall. Tillis is a pretty disgusting human being
don't believe you @SenThomTillis
So @SenThomTillis who's pocket are you in?
It's OBVIOUS that you are satisfying special interest demands. So how much $$ are you getting?
TILLIS, YOU SOLD OUT CITIZENS AGAIN!  

You WILL lose your seat. Hide & watch it happen!

#MAGA FOR TAXPAYERS

#WeAreAwake
Also, your failure to appear on @TuckerCarlson to defend your position clearly shows your cowardice. #TermLimitsNow #AmericaFirst
This subject is very sensitive.  Why was the vote blocked if not for wrangling 15k more visas?
Shame on you Senator Tillis. You can have a seat next to McCain, Collins and Murkowski in the blue seats. #VoteTheseTraitorsOut
More concerned with what's best for you over your own country.  This is why conservative voters love Trump and dislike the Republican party
Why didn't you go on his show and be a man? Traitor to the party... switch to the democrats and be immoral with that bunch!
It is time for a change in North Carolina, your next election you need to be voted out in the primaries.
All over the country. Need to seek out candidates to run
Then why don't you come on Tucker's show to support your position, @SenThomTillis?
Because he's afraid he'll be called on his latest scheme: backing the #biased investigation by Mueller!  
So, you're admitting you put the hold in place to force more Visas? You are part of the sewer, and we have had it. #DriveThemOut
Sorry dude trust Tucker more than you But Tucker is a stand up guy if he is wrong he will correct it Not like y'all remember Repeal/Replace
Why don't you support American workers, Senator? I wil be sure to tell my family (your constituents) about this. Shame on you Senator. #MAGA
It's these kind of games that disgust voters- Senator, the Senate is moving slow enough. The @gop shouldn't play these games
There should never been a hold in the first place you worthless politician #TermlimitCongress
Those are the same visas being used to replace Americans for cheap labor at big business not small.  You are hurting the American worker.
Shame on you, Senator for favoring foreigners over Americans. Remember, #AmericaFirst , buy American, HIRE American.
. I live in Raleigh you will never get my vote again support trump stop grandstanding you are holding up progre
Tucker is right and you're bought and paid  like the prostitute you are
Hey JERKO, I hope that your VOTERS remember YOUR LITTLE POWER PLAY & vote YOU into HISTORY #MAGA
personal witness, a daughter passed up in family business; sidelined as unemployable due to green card wages.
you have to go. Blackmailing the president is disgusting #respectmyvote
If we gave ITINs to undocumented immigrants, we could let them pay their fair share of taxes, W2 or 1099, reducing the 68B tax gap.
Tillis should never run again. Better yet QUIT. Be a man, Tillis. You lied. Hire AMERICANS who need jobs. Stop obstructing @realDonaldTrump
Liar! If Tucker is wrong go on and explain.
You're just another idiot politician that puts your agenda over what's best for America. SMH
Yep these dudes will be surprised We will replace them as they come up give POTUS people who will keep their promises
You need to look out for working class Americans.  You are the problem.
Just another GOP Senator self indulging himself instead of servings his party or the Nation.
Just saw Fox News call you out!  lol you will be voted out. Real Americans are standing with our President Trump. Your a liberal fake
Standing with Rump is treasonous. He is dragging us down to his losing level. Stand up for the country... not this admin.
So show up and debate him
Yeah! You owe this to the NC Americans.
Now THIS is my senator. #ProudNorthCarolinian
You must be proud of him?
Yeah, the small businesses he wants to help is Trump companies and his personal cleaning staff. Can't hire American for that of course.
DUN ASSUME....I JUST DUNNO WHO THEY R! BUT ACCORDDING TO THE INTERSECT ALL OF THEM HAVE BEEN IMPLICATED! TK CARE.
I LEAVE TO YOUR INVESTIGATION...TO WEED THE BAD ONES FROM THE SO CALLED GOOD ONES!
I CANT VOUCH FOR ANYONE. DOESNT MEAN THERE ARENT ANY TRUE OPPOSITION VICS & HOSTAGES! DUN ASSUME....I JUST DUNNO WHO THEY R! BUT ACCORDDING
I HAVE NO RECCOMENDATIONS. UNLESS U IMPLEMENT THE IRON CLAD REHABILIATATION DEAL. U KNOW MY POSITION! I CANT VOUCH FOR ANYONE. DOESNT MEAN
Thom you are an establishment trump hater.  Owned by Chamber of Commerce.
GETS A GREEN CARD & WHO DOESNT. WHO R THE PROSPECTS & WHO R THE SUSPECTS. WHO R THE CLOSET CASE TERRORISTS & WHO R THE TRUE VICS & HOSTAGES!
I LEAVE TO THE CIA INVESTIGATORS & BUSH ADMIN TO DECIDE WHO GETS A GREEN CARD & WHO DOESNT. WHO R THE PROSPECTS & WHO R THE SUSPECTS. WHO R
I believe Tucker before you
You're part of the swamp that needs to be drained #MAGA
Tillis is a pig. No soul. Nasty to his own countrymen.
Do your job and get the President his cabinet
I bet you and John McCain are good buddies.  Traitor!!
Right there with Susan Collins, Lisa M and Lindsey Graham
Tillis has proven himself to be just another cookie-cutter politician on the take. Lobbyists got to him early.
Need to get behind #RAISEAct No more screw ups fromGOP! What are you waiting for, the year will be over & done nothing! OCare, taxes, budget
Removing mueller and Hillary gang
So Sen, why in the Sam hill did you block him in the first place? Get with the program. Make America great again for Americans! D.T.S. now
@SenThomTillis, @TuckerCarlson does have his facts straight. #Stop_interfering with the will of the American people by blocking Cissna
TY Bass. This Tillis is a jacka$$ who is antiAmerican. Disgraceful. Don't block Cissna. Stop interfering @realDonaldTrump
@SenThomTillis when are you going to stand up for the PEOPLE of NC? Not just some but ALL.
Why are you blocking the President's nominee? The taxpayers have a right to know the details.
Because they suck.
Fox news is a bunch of idiots. That only promotes Trumps and Republicans lies and deception
I love how EVERY1, or every BOT has NO PICTURE, it's just a GRAY FAKE FACE, so I DONT TAKE ANYTHING this or ANY OTHER FAKE ACCTS SAY
I am not a bot. I just haven't loaded a pic yet
You should have gone on his show to explain your hold on Cissna vote, how is 15,000 jobs going to foreigners preserving American Dream?
That's right, if you're so blameless go on @TuckerCarlson and explain your damn self
Thank you @SenThomTillis for your strategic judgement regarding Cissna. A prudent, democratic decision that worked to help NC's economy.
Haha tillis has his office staffers shilling to make it look like he has support
Shame on you sir. Bad enough we are always fighting Democrats but also Republicans like you
Pathetic. I thought you were elected to support Americans not foreigners. Who is putting money in your pocket? This may be your last term.
#DrainTheSwamp
You tell him senator I'm from NC and I approve this message
I am also a constituent of NC and I suggest you stop blocking the president's nominees.This is ridiculous!
Thom you are gone coward!
you need to stop obstructing trumps picks..
You only released your hold when your ransom was met?
Tillis contradicting Fox News?  Jesus, take the wheel. End times!
What does your tweet mean??
I'll take your word for it Sen. Tillis.
Hey Tillis, you will not be reelected in next election!!
