We are aware of how this #LightItUpBlue is just another PR stunt to make this all about #DonTheCon and not the actual people autism affects.
@chattycathy317 @erikforCO @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FLOTUS I doubt he would have any issue if Hitlery was the one in the house
where you go Eric. Running your punk mouth till called out
Eric Eric Eric. This won't look good on your resume.
as is the case with the insane. No sense is made
And at the same time @realDonaldTrump is cutting the funding from programs that support people with autism, really classy...
@chattycathy317 @MacFinn44 @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump some poeple can help but show their stupidity
Talking about yourself?
reference Eric and now you too. Your in.
.@realDonaldTrump mocked a disabled reporter, Melania has done jack 2 "combat bullying", his HC plan robbed ppl w/autism of vital care. 
@chattycathy317 @PoliticsWithG @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump yes they lie. They repeat lies they hear. Idiots
Thank you @Potus and @Flotus! Lets put an end to autism!
@realDonaldTrump cut funding from med research progs, progs that support people with autism, etc. is that how he'll "put an end to autism"??
Do you know and understand the concept of streamlining to make things less costly and more efficient to give the money to the proper venues?
"proper venues"? Like the wall? Big tax cuts for the billionaires?
In a word,  yes!  Both grow economy, helps our safety, makes people coming here abide by the rules.
It is so sad that the GOP and Trump have fooled so many people into thinking making the rich richer will somehow help the little guy
Check your basic economics class..when they get a break, we all do. Which keeps GNP wheels going. We can't all have the same income.
"Trickle down economy" Bush gave huge tax breaks to the billionaires and it didn't work
@Flotus Why is White House same color as Trump's tiny balls? #Worstpresidentever #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Thank You Mr. President, My grandson has Autism as do many other children. One day we will find out why.
#WorldAutismAwarenessDay  TY All Awareness is important! @POTUS & @FLOTUS @KazmierskiR @HorseShort @_CFJ_ @ShellyKennisto1 @eavesdropann
@GaryD_Sr @OpinionOnion7
@mama_sees
Didn't he mock an autistic reporter
True , but people have short memory !
Love
Thank you for supportimg autism
Son on the autism spectrum? Interesting millions of women march worldwide & u dont even blink an eye..... U R selfish
Oh great, more people you can make fun of.
Does Melania have an app that allows her to light up the White House from THREE STATES AWAY?
So disrespectful
Hard to believe this is sincere ..sorry.actions speak louder than tweets these days.
Then you are not very well informed.
We don't believe you. trump wants to strip healthcare away from the handicapped sop they die off faster.
Dude she doesn't even live there.
Who cares?
is Drumpf only doing this because his kid is on the spectrum? As far as I can tell he only cares about himself!
You know your words will come back to you right?
Thank you Mr. President and Melania for my granddaughter who has Autism and Tuberous Sclerosis. God Bless you!
They not give a crap about your granddaughter.  He is working to destroy sister that will support her in school & in the community.
From mocking wounded veterans to mocking the disabled press core member to mocking captured veterans, yeah he's really concerned about them
Psalm 20:5
We will rejoice in your salvation, And in the name of our God we will set up our banners! May [1/2]
Where's the one about where he drown a bunch of babies and women? That part always creeps me out.
 this!
Except they're never there, so who really turned on those lights?
Technicians. You actually think they turn out the lights and lock the door at night?
Well dear time for bed hope I remembered to turn off the sprinklers
Melania is never there, and the dirtbag is always golfing.
Direct your anger at the DNC they let you down not Trump
Please stop the Tweets
Wow, thanks Donald; it looks awesome
I my president! Thank you @POTUS for your to @SuzanneWrightAS by lighting our house blue & making autism a priority in your administration
So beautiful. Thank you @POTUS, for caring about America & putting all Americans first. You are Mr. Smith goes to Washington, A TrueBeliever

MAY THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD, {JESUS} LIGHT UP THE WHITE-HOUSE, AND KEEP IT LIT AT ALL TIMES. brendanmccrossan@yahoo.co.uk   northern Ireland.
too bad y'all don't give a darn about kids, autism or anything but yourselves for that matter.
Yeah they dont give a damn.....hence the blue light at the white house.
sho' is easy to flip a switch. Heck of a lot harder to make a real difference. Seen his taxes?
Well the ones Maddow showed us he paid 39 million ..can you say youve done as much? Thats just one year.
my taxes aren't the question his are. Why do you hate America, and hate tradition?
Rich I love America. I just dont believe in the one world order that Democrats xo.
Do
Be your words
Il Blu rimane sempre bello per gli asociali autustici difficolta nei rapporti sociali Amarcod Fellini bello il blu il primo amore
Alleviated by the sweet bells of constantinople like those really nast radical ones had said.
why, are they actually there tonight?
But it's just fine to mock the disabled. Give me a break hypocrites
hmm....maybe Baron
@WhiteHouse The failure of Obama and Rice is just one example of their incompetence. Failure to verify a huge gap. No wonder our debt.
Slaughtering innocent people including children and babies cannot be tolerated chemical weapons or not.
Donald Trump became president in everyone's eyes Thursday. Now the weak losers can start accepting him as their president. God Speed!
This is a beautiful thing. I'm sure some will find it tasteless and some will tweet stupid insults at  the President and First Lady.
THANK YOU !!!!!
Hypocrite!  Impeach the FASCIST!
I'm happy about him honoring people with Autism.  Both my son and I have Autism Spectrum.  I'm just hirer functioning. Thanks so much.
Now that is a nice color reflecting on thr white house. @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @DogBountyHunter
@alessandraleigh @LelandBChapman
THINGS LIKE THESE VACCINES AND CHEMICALS IN THE SKIES FOOD AND DRINK CAUSE THIS KIND OF STUFF, WHY WONT IT STOP, WHY KILL US?
Looks great
V
#VACCINES #1 CAUSE of CANCER and #AUTISM  #MUST STOP #CORRUPT #CDCLIARSAND THIEVES>
as much as you change "white house "and those inside are not Popular is as painting a chicken on a rain
why NOT change the colour from WHITE to RED because that's what the house represent. The world see it that way.
also made fun of a disabled man...
God Bless
Trump secretly is afflicted
@rlockrocks
Thanks! Where's the funds though?
great job!
Great pic but now overhaul the AHCA so it would no longer impose immense harm on kids with autism.
Or simply just live up to your promise not to cut Medicaid.
thank you Mr. wonderful president for caring for the kidsThe only thing Obama ever let the house up with was when the homosexual BS passee.
@timagogo @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FLOTUS @rlockrocks
this is laughable when he's proposing block grants to fund Medicaid.
Neither the whoremonger or the whore have any honor. Fake con artist. Honor, where are your tax returns?
Meanwhile Behind these lights you're trying to cut all your health care and stick it to the elderly the poor the disabled Medicaid Medicare
Thank you in honor of my 12 year old grandson!
Thank you for highlighting #WorldAutismAwarenessDay by lighting up the White House blue !  BTW, it's also about #Acceptance & #Opportunity.
Nothing more than lip service & PR stunt. 45 is bad for #autism acceptance. Disappointed @autismspeaks would RT this.
Was @POTUS honored when he nominated a judge who knowingly ruled to discriminate against individuals with autism? His words are meaningless.
Instead of autism research better schools help financially, we get blue lights a awful president who wants walls, divisions, hate and lies.
Spend  time with YOUR SON.....
Love my new President
Meanwhile, #TrumpCare proposed major cuts to #Medicaid, which provides important services to many with #autism. Good work!
Spectacular!
Very Beautiful! Excellent issue to highlight. It affects so many families.
I have a autistic son can you help him
What did you do for Barron? Did he get a new train-set?
On another less weighty subject: saw the NYT pic in the tweet story. Now i understand ur hair issue. Looks ridiculous! Get a haircut!
Autism is an important subject but will it be affected by your proposed cuts in medical research? I bet it will. What hypocrisy.
April is designated to recognize not only Autism,but also Child Abuse Prevention and Awareness,Can you honor our children gone too soon plz
make a promise to help them and you can see how to help human in the basic form of what it needs are.....
And rhe Secretary of Education implies that schools should not make accommodations.
Nissa I raised my 2 kids alone,  mom was the deadbeat works both ways, but aborting a baby after 1-2 months is wrong!
The Clinton's also glued drawers shut and cut phone lines, childish stunts, total lack of character.  Trump has class.
Class? Are you kidding?
The White House does this to recognize all of those who are affected and the liberal democrats still find something to criticize
Too bad he's a POTUS that rolls back the rights of these same disabled , in school, workplace..

Trump insulted and degraded Disabled Americans, followed up by trying to eliminate services Disabled Americans need to survive #TrumpSucks
Awesome!
Thank you for respecting those with special needs!
Thank you president Trump. I have a son  who is a police officer
Donnie is an idiot.  I have no respect for the 'so the called President'. Russian Puppet, only.
Stop vaccines! End Autism!!
beautiful
Oh you mean your daughter because the wife cant stand to live with you.
wow I just checked your approval ratings, they are really bad and getting worse
Finally a POTUS putting USA 1st 
All these Trump haters trying to find a way to hate against him for trying to raise awareness for Autism.
It's beautiful.  Thank you.
The swamp definitely need drained but some need put in prison
The taxpayers paid for their dog to join them on vacation via govt plane. The Trumps haven't begun to touch Obamas tab run up on the people.
Remember the song lyrics, Light of the world, shine on me, Love is the answer...Dan England & John Ford Coley. 
We need more light & Love

Never forget...this is the real Bill O'Reilly. 
My son Zach is 26 yo - He is a bright young man with Autism. He recently graduated from the same college as Betsy DeVos. (Calvin)
I want to know why New York City uses our taxes to pay the luxury hotels for the homeless people?
God bless you president Trump and your family
I love the recognition, President Trump you are the Best! We Patriotic Americans LOVE you! GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Thank you President Trump for standing with our autistic children.Two of my daughter ,children.,are.GodBless
I would be more impressed if he released his tax returns? What the hell is wrong with you? Have you no allegiance to your country?
Thank you for your honoring this great cause.
#Maga @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Too bad she was even there...
When you take all the federal funding away, remember these are the young and old that will suffer! Do you truly care?
Thank you, but we have enough Awareness. We need ACTION before the number become 1 in 2. #VaccineInjury #CdcWhistleblower
...as you cut funding for programs that would help them. Sad.
@FoxNews @CNN Thank you for caring. Thank you for making more aware. Thank you for trying to make America America
No "Mandatory Vaccination[s]" - Unconstitutional, Unlawful, and UNCONSCIONABLE!
It's great your doing this in honor of Autistic children! I have an autistic nephew! It's hard on the parents from the beginning! God Bless!
ANIMAL
Please keep up the awareness and research
I see our President is still up.
come on it's time to put Hillary in prison.
The DEM-WITS will find fault with this display, wrong color, too bright, ooh caca poo-poo!
PTL it's for a GOOD cause and it's not being lit up in rainbow colors. That was a disgrace and defiance in the face of God.
now that is s awedome reason to light up the white house.
c ma maisn bleu
Shouldn't Trump be on the roof flailing his arms around like a fool and making awful throat sounds?
FLOTUS CHOICE OF COLOUR?
Stop pretending as if you care about anything other than yourself and your rich freinds. To embarrassed to admit Baron is autistic. SAD!!!
I hope you can get to the bottom of the vaccinations!!! Too many children becoming abnormal afterwards!!!
Thank you Mr President.  Ignore these haters.  In FACT - the more you win - the more it destroys them.  Dems = Whigs. Soon extinct.
I have 3 grandchildren with autism. Last thing they need i that thug doing a PR job in their name.
What are you up to now?  Everyday its a new smoke screen.  The American people are getting used to "duck and cover".  How big is this blast?
You make many of us so proud!
My grandson has it
That's no shit.all WhiteHouse workers need paper bags so they can up his shit.He is a rasit and I can't beleave he let his kid marry a JEW.
A JEW son-in-law and a wife I don't think she has a green card and a kid who like to suck off Jews and give birth to a nasty bred of jewelry
Switch on a light while you gut funding for autistic students. #hypocrite
Thank you. It means alot to my family. God Bless America
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP and Melania!!!!
Why can't U.S. Government at local, state and federal level recognize & support all disabilities w/o singling out autism as only worthy?
@POTUS You are a good man President Trump # blue White House # Autism. Bet you will be a great man some day!
Your'e the best, what a relief it is!
Cool!!
Maybe they dont want to displace thier son during the school year living three states away.  Maybe they are being good parents for that.
He pretends to care about people when his health care plan only more people sick and w/out health care.  Shame on U acting like even care.
Commander and Chief
Nice!
I will be praying Ivanka
Thank you President Trump!
World Autism Awareness Day,on the 2nd of April, was designated by the United Nations resolution "62/139.
Thank you but don't forget Confederate History and Heritage Month and fly the Stars and Bars in recognition.


I totally support this cause to end autism, Thank you for doing so!
Sure and all of the T family was pressning the button!

They left wingers will never be satisfied no matter what Prez does. You could throw them a mill and they would still complain.  #miserable
@ChristinesHaven @POTUS @FLOTUS make the Whitehouse proud again after having the rainbow God's misrepresented sign shone on it
Hum, I can't tell if yr for the blue lights for Autism awareness or not. I am all for it! So glad POTUS & FLOTUS are aware, show support.
For was against the gay pride lights O put up
Oh, gotcha!
