I don't believe anything you say anymore, so disappointed in you 
Not true.  And, saddest of all, you and fellow republicans do not care that your constituents will be severely damaged.
#ACA gives plenty of choice sadly most of the states choose to fight it vs support it. #AHCA is only a repeal on taxes to pay for it...
Senators better deliver on repealing and replacing obamacare.  You only have now to get it done. Americans are suffering from your failure
GOP doesn't have the guts to stand up for what is right! $$$ That is all they care about. GOP should be forced to use the plan they pass!
Well, I guess low and no coverage are two choices.
The planed health care act rips up the safety net for 25 million people.  Why?
If your plan is so great why did you exempt yourselves and your staff from it? You first, windbags.
You know no one really believes you, right? #alternativefacts
Since when is a health care plan suppose to be a massive tax cut for the rich?  Health care is health care.
Im not rich and i get a tax break
I said massive.   Are you getting a massive tax break?
Yup..but im a producer, not a moocher.
Take away repeal & some may work with you. Your plan to date sucks. Go back keep at it! Try negotiating ! Americans need you to work it out!
You Rs desperately need a person that can teach you all how to sell something. You can't even win the abortion argument.No Brainer.Get Help.
Are you talkin' to me?
Bill should impose a cap on each medical procedure & prescription drug. Corporations should reduce profit to make healthcare affordable.
Hey check out exactly what Tillis here is shilling for - billions in losses for hospitals, millions losing coverage https://www.jec.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/b6352434-4a06-477d-b1cf-f4e0c9e8e424/what-happens-next-year-updated-5-24-2017.pdf …
GOP cares solely for the rich at the expense of healthcare, environment, international relations, etc. Party of 0 ideas, values, compassion
The only reason we're losing insurers is because republicans are threatening to not reimburse them. #traitor #expandmedicaid #deathpanel
NO on Trumpcare, a vote for this will wreck the Republican Party for years.
STOP PAYMENT pre-existing controlled by diet, exercise, choice; pre-diabetes, high cholesterol & BP, obesity, smoking, alcohol & drug abuse.
No it is not. Stop the bullshit and fix the insurance markets raising the rates. Or go to Single Payer.
@SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @SenThomTillis

#AHCA: 23 million will lose coverage.

#AHCA 1 in 1,000 of them will die.
@SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @SenThomTillis

#AHCA: 23 million will lose coverage.

#AHCA 1 in 1,000 of them will die.
@SenLarryTaylor @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @SenThomTillis

#AHCA: 23 million will lose coverage.

#AHCA 1 in 1,000 of them will die.
Horrible policies to kill the middle class with rigged elections, we are doomed! We need paper ballots Inc. GA election! This sucks!
Bs, bs, bs, bs!
SO PASS A BILL DAMN IT! YOU ALL ARE USELESS, WE ARE VOTING ALL U USELESS WIND BAGS OUT OF OFFICE, U DON'T FIGHT FOR US, WH, SENATE, HOUSE???
Hey Losers did you see this poll - http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/31/politics/healthcare-ahca-poll/index.html …  tell us more about how you represent us instead of the ultra wealthy though.
800% incr in premiums for folks 64 yo is NOT HELPING AMERICANS! My God u people are absolutely DEPLORABLE. That's not a frigging compliment!
Your plan does not cover preexisting conditions - pregnant women could pay $1000:month for maternity coverage. Pple 55 + would pay 800% more
No you're not,  80 percent of your plan is ACHA which the CBO said would result in: 14 million losing coverage in 2018, 23 million by 2026
If only there was a way to send some kind of signal to the House, Senate, and White House how the American people feel about full repeal.
That bill will never pass.  You and your greedy GOP colleagues now OWN this horror of a president.  That is your legacy, you all OWN IT.
Is it single payer healthcare
Nothing I've seen looks like what you're selling
It's been 7 years you never had a plan.. Hard to take any of you seriously when you've fought so hard to keep people from healthcare.
BSbsBS
We Need to get behind our President, This is our last chance. .
Or we might as well bury the GOP with honors
And form our new party, the GOJP,  THE GRAND OLD JEFFERSON PARTY. .
yeah right ! Will it cover prescriptions? Or will it cost go toward your deductable like it does now? That is like not have insurance at all
The #AHCA is driving a premium hike of 22.9% instead of proj. 8.8% to NC bc of Trump admin uncertainty. Fix it now.  #AHCAlypse
You have no credibility. This administration has destroyed all that is good and decent about this country.
The CEO of NC BCBS disagrees with you sir.
Another insurance CEO speaks out. Comes after Blue Cross Blue Shield NC's CEO directly blamed Trump and GOP. http://wapo.st/2s3JtNP  https://twitter.com/leonardkl/status/869626432603000832 …
WHAT HAPPENED TO REPEAL?  WHAT HAPPENED TO HOUSE BILL?
Hold an in person town hall. I want to look you in the eye and hear about the Paris treaty letter you sent Trump. You're a fossil fuel shill
R's are running a shell game. Tax cuts for rich & Medicaid cuts for the poor. Everyone gets a cut.
#2018iscoming
#AHCA 
#AHCAlypse
I don't need "choices." I need affordable health insurance. It's that simple. I. Want. What. My. Neighbors. And. I. Pay. For. You. To. Have
The Republican majority needs to stop providing "opportunities" and start providing healthcare solutions.  All Americans deserve healthcare.
3. You need to start being as fearless as Pres Trump, or our country will be gone & you guys will be the ones to blame! Get healthcare done!
2. country by never standing up 2 the progressives who are destroying our Constitution & our country 4 fear of looking like the bad guys.
1. Each Senator should b required 2 read David Horowitz's "Big Agenda". Shows how GOP is just as much 2 blame as libs for destruction of our
If the Senate fails us after we have put so many Republicans in office to get Trump's agenda done, we will vote you OUT. GET BUSY!
Was this statement given to you along with the $70K
the Insurance Industry gave you? You work for us, not them. #TheResistance #DoYourJob
Haven’t shown me much yet Senator. @SpeakerRyan et al was in such a rush, they passed garbage legislation. Guess it’s your turn now.
Republicans are sabotaging AHA and pushing a "replacement" that takes away health care from millions.
Enough pussyfooting. Get it done.
Who defines what I need?
How?
Not likely.  Billionaires will do well, however.
Wrong again. The AHCA has 10% approval. Listen to what the CEO of BC/BS-NC said last week.
So far @GOP solution has been to fight #ACA #Obamacare, resist #Medicaid expansion, kill risk corridors, create uncertainty, hurt families
Start by throwing the AHCA passed in the house in the garbage and build on the ACA. Thanks.
More mendacity -- ACA can provide choices and safety net is properly supported by states.
Why is America the ONLY industrialized nation without single payer system? GREED and Republican debt to big med
You have had 8 years to come up with a plan and still don't have one.  Idiots.
It remains to be seen. The majority Reps continue to lose to the minority Dems. Fit it or we will.
He's taking to Republican corporate donors, this is code for F*ck the working class, elderly and the sick
Tax Breaks for Big Business & Rich
You are all liars.
I have trouble believing that. Your track record is pitiful for doing what is best for the people you are supposed to represent. Fix ACA.
How about some public hearings instead of backroom deals and last minute votes, Senator?
What a scam.  Huge tax-cut for the super-rich, and screw everybody else.
And the slide toward corporate feudalism continues to accelerate.
While you're making promises you can't keep, I'd like a unicorn that grants wishes.
REPEAL IT..
See you at the polls, thanks for the gift of getting the House back. Maybe you’ll give up the Senate too?
If you were truly the party of fiscal conservatism you'd be passing #MedicareForAll and saving taxpayer $$ by cutting out the middleman.
Trump just passed a HEALTH CARE TAX of 19% or more just to create as much chaos as possible in the healthcare market
THATS Y WE NEED FIGHT!!!!!!

HES JUST GIVEN WH STAFF TOTAL PROTECTION
NAZI FACIST PUTIN FEAR POWER CONTROL
Republicans Raised Your Health Care Premiums, Not Obamacare | Policy Dose | US News
Really?  Tell us about YOUR HEALTHCARE, otherwise be a man and stand in the line at the VA, like I do.
What the hell are u waiting for. You work for us. Stand with our President! Get his agenda thru or be voted out...DO IT!   51 votes
Might want to step it up.  You own the senate, house and have a President who wants action.  Get moving or get out of the way.....
When ?
Lies. Get busy on impeachment!

Take care of pre existing then get the government out of the insurance biz!
You all had YEARS to draft and polish a replacement, but all you did was squawk.
You're still just squawking.
With no plan.
#GOPDeathSpiral
GOP liars ALL! Shame on you! Trump conned people this plan will strip of healthcare & now House & Senate GOP doing same. How low can you go?
Whatever the new plan is should apply to members of congress and fed gov. If its good for constituents.... it should be good for congress
HAHAHAHA!!
Delay, delay, delay.......better get your act together or you will be voted out. I stand behind @POTUS 
Where do you mouthpieces keep coming from. Ryan trumpcare is a hoex. Just so the GOP can get a repeal at any cost. Read the damn bill.
What the House passed does not give me a safety net. Left & Right, your both liars. Currently the GOP is in the lead... #shameful
y are they all chiming in now. Ive never even seen him before
You've had 8 years to work on it. I repeat, you've had 8 yrs. All you've done is your best to ruin Obamacare.
Hahahaha! #LiarLiar
Formulated in secret without one woman on the committee. Tax relief for the wealthy.  Slow death for the poor and middle class.
Please make it clear to that there are a lot of people on Medicaid who don't qualify.That's the people that will be losing their health care
Wondering if you guys really think anyone is buying your BS anymore.
Thanks! I hope the GOP unites & gets health care done.Then fix taxes & build a wall, albeit part virtual. We voted, GOP needs to legislate!
support@POTUS
You guys really have to share the drugs you are on with the rest of us.
Do you actually believe what you're spouting? Because nobody but the GOP sees that.
Oh wait that's not the GOP plan I forgot. You guys want OCare by a different name to control people same as democRATS. Orig
Good to hear you're final going to do total repeal of OCare with no replacement and get the FedGov the hell out of my health care/insurance
Stop wasting fucking time and get to governing!
Support President Trump or say goodbye! Sick of cowardly, hypocritical Republicans!!!
walk the talk. show us the way!
If we had real healthcare we would not need a " safety net". Do what is right for America an build a universal healthcare system.
Hahaha!!! No your not, you've had over 7 years, and still no solid plan.
The GOP in Congress should just pass something. I registered the hashtag #JustPassSomething

See definition here: https://www.hashtags.org/definition/justpasssomething/ …
Its about time! All we listened to is how we the Republicans we're going to do something for 7  years and still NADA? Sad state of affairs
@GOP @HouseGOP WE DON'T BELIEVE YOU!!!!!!!
... the choice to live or die, well done. #fakenews
Stop this U R allowing your pres 2 kill 24 million ppl why r u allowing him 2 screw r country why get some balls @kellyz713 @sawsharee SMH
My insurance family plan for this year will now cost almost$32,000 a year,10 years ago it was about $12,000 ? 
WTF Are You People Doing !!
Liar.
Senate Rep need to unite and get this thing done asap.
Just tell us what you've got.  We'll be the judges.
Hope your solution is better than Obamacare. The House option is just saying to those uninsured "screw you". Do right for our citizens.

Communication very important how this message gets out. Do it right, please.
Don't you ever get tired of being such ignorant monsters?
All people are hearing is 'blah, blah, blah!' Stop talking and put make Obamacare better.
This is an absolute farce. The @GOP is a group of greedy bumbling fools & will either do nothing or pass a plan that will kill Americans.
Unless your one of the 24 million left out in the cold. Greedy hartless bastards

no ur not liar
Work with Dems to fix!
That's what you keep saying. Somehow I doubt that's true. Do what you going to do. Be prepared for the follow out
Hey you've only been baking this baby for 7 years now. Are you sure you're ready? #FoolsErrand
No it isn't!
Get busy and forget that summer break. No more excuses! No reason not to get things done! #TermLimits
That's funny. Republicans gave away the country to grab power.  The party of Lincoln has become the party of Putin/Trump. Enjoy the stain.
#TRUMPCARE has made #Obamacare more popular than ever ! #thanks
I doubt it. If you do not have the guts to stand up for us American. then you will accomplish the usual; NOTHING.
Michael Cohen take away your backbones? Get them back. Impeach the Traitor. Use Emolument Clause. Slam dunk.
The 21 Senators who signed on to withdraw from the Paris Agreement should have to spend this summer in Beijing outside without a mask
So, #SinglePayer is the plan then?
Fabulous!
I've long felt that the .@GOP has the  citizenry's "general welfare" @ the  of its platform.
so hard to believe GOP
Than do it, before republican voters abandon you and the party. Swamp will get drained
You lie!
Have ceased to believe it! You are blocking. 2018 coming. Do it now!
You are lying. Please don't put the Republican party over the duty to Country.
Single payor. Medicare for all!
So why didn't the @GOP help when the ACA was being create. You just undermine protections and focus on tax cuts for elites.
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
Just sayin' it doesn't make it so.
We don't need anymore entitlements!  What does it take to make republicans conservative.  Build your own safety net! Self reliance!
Then get busy and STOP playing games.  The American people are watching and ready to vote in 2018
That is so very doubtful, you are in the pocket of the Koch Brothers and hate the working poor. There is no way you will make it better.
"Covfefe"
At this point, I doubt Republicans can do a darn thing for the GOOD of the country.
According to @SenateMajLdr he doesn't think he has 50 votes.
Not a ONE party issue.  Maybe try listening to what Americans really want. No American wants to lose health COVERAGE.
Been hearing that for seven years. Where is it, already?
Yeah right. The gang that couldn't shoot straight or lead. You will lose the majority because you can't lead.
LOL!   Be easier for me to reach the top 1% so this impacts me vs thinking you bozos will be able to do anything worthy.
Nobody believes you.
Senator tillis, again, all you republicans are all talk, give us relief man, stop talking, give us some very good health care
We are waiting for our party to get to work! You have let them railroad you for too long
You are a politician, it is really difficult to believe any politician these days. A pile of manure smells better than all Washington pols.
#Bullshit!!!!
The Repugnant Majority is kicking people off healthcare; opening the loopholes to insurers; & providing themselves w/ a deep tax cut #noAHCA
Americans don't want choices or just a safey net we need ACA coverage for both the sick and healthy. Affordable Care
Fix Obamacare. Ur replacement is a far cry from something called "healthcare" vulnerable ppl will have 0 options w/ new plan.CBO score
LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS LIARS
That's our plan. @CabCapt could use your help finding courageous healthcare leaders. Those folks stuck in their"box".
You have betrayed our country.  You do not represent the people.
We want to purchase any insurance - in state or out of state.
Senators what are you waiting for?  What's your plan? You've had plenty of time to come up with a plan. Time to come together.
