The Trump administration has shown its total weakness by handing over executive power to Congress in the most humiliating way
WE WILL RE ELECT OUR PRES.. HE IS THE ONLY ONE UP THERE FIGHTING FOR MIDDLE AMERICA.U SHOULD B PUSHING FOR A SPECIAL COUNSEL 4 HILLARY,LYNCH
Someone misses @BarackObama
Yes. The majority of the planet does.
if by "majority" you mean bed-wetting progressives. We agree.
LOL. Progressives didn't star in the pee pee tape.
Correct. No. One. Did.
If Russia was such an issue, where were you when Hillary Clinton & Obama reset the relationship & promised increased cooperation?
Panderer.
President has constitutional authority over the entire executive branch.
Obstructing is not what you were sent there for.
Yet your legislation is based on the conspiracy theory. When did the FBI confirm the Russians hacked the DNC servers?
The legislation u co'd 2 make spcl cnsl safe back to 29 May just cost u my vote. Rick K & I met u n ballantyne. $ 2 primary u. D n gnrl b4 u
We shall not stand for Trump's dictatorship either!!
Wrong Senator check history; U.S has a fourth branch of government called agencies 4 which there is no provision in the constitution.
Not co-equal; Congress is preeminent, followed by POTUS, and then the SCOTUS.
What !! Did you not have civics classes.
Did you?
Sen, as if you care about democracy? Trump & the PPLE put the GOP back in WH to protect OUR jobs, and you back stab us for H2B workers!?
A sad day when Russian politicians speak truth about US policy, while Rhinos like U backstab American workers. How much did Dems pay you???
Ha, ha and the Hippos killed #SethRich and the hyenas are running a pedophile pizza shop! Ha ha ha
And the pot you have been smoking for years has csused psychotic and bipolar disorder, so what's your point burn-boy?
Tillis..stop with the "window dressing" small potato stuff...  Drain the Swamp
Corruption  DOJ /EPA/..the ..Seep State  Shadow Govt
This is a clear attempt to shame Trump into spinal stiffness but it's the tactic of an older boy taunting a younger one over by the lockers.
No,Sen.. Medvedev is commenting on your siding with C Schumer to limit the authority of our President . Now you want to protect Mueller?
No, you're just a hater has nothing to do with Russia.
You're a bum
get em Senator Tillis!
Evidently, you are unaware of @SenThomTillis un-American actions to block a pick of Pres Trump in exchange for H-2B Visa increase. BLACKMAIL
show proof that Russia interfered.Democrats took money from big pharm and healthcare industries.Then took stock out on companies.Corruption
Thom, special counsel bill violates Separation of Pwrs b/c it usurps Chief Exec pwr in 1 of 3 co-equal branches of gov't. Love @POTUS #MAGA
I could care less about Russian sanctions they don't help Americans get jobs, you've had 6 months with trump and have passed nothing
you must also be confused, your Bill steps on the toes of the President.
Sounds like he is trying to goad trump to do what Putin did
U WILL B VOTED OUT FOR SABOTAGING OUR PRES.
And dictator Putin???
Personally, I think the Russian Sanctions was a way to stick it to Trump. Anything Russia does now, is on CONGRESS! PERIOD!
The republican establishment has the power of immortality... take turns attacking Trump... political outsiders are enemies, right.
if they are co-equal, why the hell aren't you holding him in check. You're to big a coward to push for impeachment. Man up!
Why doesn't the Senate exercise its authority and reign in the maniac Executive?  He is destroying our country while you sit on your hands!
Finally showing a little backbone!  Keep it going and let's hope it isn't too little,  too late.
An apt reply.
Stop blocking Pres. Trump's nominees. You're showing your true colors. Nobody knows u but when POTUS is done everyone will know you.
NC needs to vote you out.
Can't wait to vote your  ass out you criticize the president be willing to handle the fruits of ur divisiveness you're not going to like it
Nice try. Too late. I expected this statement from you months ago but  you were/are party over country.
Coward @SenThomTillis will NOT respond to #Tucker why he wants more H2B workers that replace Americans!
Disgraceful coward!
Why don't  you  get back to work and get that Obamacare repealed like you promised.
Blocking a nominee to get more foreign workers over Americans? WOW! @MedvedevRussiaE look at how our GOP treats their own leaders.
Don't worry about Dmitri and Vladimir.  You just need to NOT block @POTUS nominations. You must be part of the swamp. Just sent you an email
@SenThomTillis  you are obviously giving into pressure or you are a RHINO like McCain and others. You should be ashamed. #MAGA
lucky you sir we the people cannot fire you for holding nominees hostage for H1 visas you're out.@GOPChairwoman @GOPLeader
One should note that Trump doesn't quite get the concept either.
Screwing over North Carolina residents for immigrants? Russia though
OBVIOUS TILLIS DO NOT KNOW WHO HE WORK FOR!
AMERICAN VOTERS WANT BAN ON VISAS!
TIME  U GOT N CAROLINA WORKING INSTEAD OF TAKING PUPPET CASH
For someone who claims to know what American voters want, your English sounds a little ... iffy  AND North Carolinians DON'T say N Carolina
NORTH CACHYLACKY!
NOW I KNOW YOU UNDERSTAND
You sir, are an embarrassment to every normal American. Most don't know your dirty secret. You put a hold on Pres Trump pick as blackmail!
yes, we do, which means you're supposed to be in DC REPRESENTING me as a citizen of NC, not taking $ to cover for 45.
Y do U the BUTTWIPE want #H1B visas 2 take American jobs? my @POTUS @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump @TrumpSuperPAC @SenateMajLdr
Rino tillis. ..you are holding up nominee..just like schumer and the dems.an embarrassment
Holding nominee over outsourcing American jobs! Glad this was exposed on air tonight...
you sound like you are colluding there Tillis! Me & husb voted 4 you but promise it wont happen again! Stick w @POTUS agenda not your own!
Get off Russia,Please & explain why you are STILL holding up @POTUS nominee for Immigration. Looking forward to NOT voting for you next year
Stop blocking President Trump's CIS appointment for your special interest donors! We're paying attention!
That's actually something Trump isn't familiar or comfortable with either, dude.
This means you! Tillis!  Support your president and pass his appointees!
Stop holding President Trump immigration nominee hostage!!!!   And stop harming American workers. POS
@MedvedevRussiaE thanks for nothing @TuckerCarlson gave you a chance to explain
Thank you! We are not Russia. I personally want nothing to do with their government. They can stay out of our elections and business
When will republicans play the game and go after Dems like they go after Repubs? Repubs r sickening, better learn to play the game or u lose
Are you supporting a special counsel on the leaks and security violations committed by the previous admin, as well as the pay for play?
Soooo...diplomatic relations with a hostile foreign entity via Twitter?   Not sure that's what the Founding Fathers EVER had in mind.
Not impressed, Thom. You are such a sycophant for anything Trump.
And you guys are helping Trump move towards the same authoritarian problem.
Spoken like a member of a branch that wants to weaken another branch's constitutional rights.
Interesting...unfortunately I don't see any TOWN HALLS on your schedule so we can all discuss this further! Get it together Tillis!
Someone please explain this the president too. #doesntknowjackaboutthegovernment
Well said, sir. #bipartisanship
Slick burn there, Senator.
Please direct some of that Ire towards Donald trump. He is insane. Only an insane person would deny that. It's time. #impeachtrump
Talk is cheap, Senator. What're you doing to stop this nonsense? Putin put his puppet in the WH..or as Trump calls it "a dump". Get him out.
One again, I am proud of my vote for you, Senator Tillis !
Impeach Trump. Or we are doomed.
Thank you Senator Tillis!
I'm Ukrainian and I'm grateful for your vote!
Trump could use this same reminder.
@MedvedevRussiaE Apparently, @realDonaldTrump isn't familiar with that separation either.
The Russians really know how to manipulate Trump
Why want you let us see you so we can hear it straight from the horse's mouth? You work for us. Why are you avoiding us, Senator?
The concept of our 3 co-equal branches is also not understand by Donald J Trump.
Then again you normally ignore these things and make excuses for @POTUS while North Carolina wonders why you don't do town halls.
Senator are you familiar with the Russia meddling interference in the last election? @POTUS is being investigated. A reminder.
Yep you're right the government is wasting money 285000 x 48 do the math that's how much ur division is costing us with nothing getting done
I can't wait to vote against you in your next campaign
Ditto
Wow !
Growing a spine once vertebrae  at a time
Spare me, Thom. Remember when the Leg branch stole the Exec's power to pick SCOTUS under Obama? Co-equal branches when it's convenient...
Or all those Executive orders from Barry
Or how we're always the fuck at war, no matter who is Pres, even tho only Congress is supposed to have the power to declare war, & hasn't
I suggest you also remind @potus of this!
This was the message posted to twitter. Imagine the dm that @realDonaldTrump got!
Ohhhhh burnnnn
Respectfully Senator, you do not get to act tough on Rus while you support this Pres. The sanctions bill is literally the least you could do
First time you've stood up to Trump. Good job. Now support bipartisan health care improvements.
I couldn't agree more!
Hey Thom. How about you do a little more to get rid of the dictator in the @WhiteHouse? Yours, NC resident. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I second this.
I third this. Stand up and represent us.
Where was I when separation of power was done?
Given your devotion to DT & your party, you don't seem to be aware of this either, Typhoid Tommy..........

He's not from here ...
