how can I get tickets to tour the White House?
Contact my office at https://www.tillis.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/visiting-dc ….
All this mindless chatter, President Trump with Intel & advice from security team did the right response to a horrible attack of innocent
So, how about that travel ban?
Glad we let the Russians know to let the Syrians know an attack was coming. #WeakTrump
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
I think this is nauseating. All wars start with lies, I expect we will be shown (someday) that the CW were a false flag. Gulf of Tonkin.
Did Syria attack the U.S.? Isn't Congress to give authorization to attack a sovereign country? Shameful abdication of responsibility.
Shameful defense of a homicidal maniac. Maybe you should join Assholesad's army.
Well, at least it was effective. Trump made sure those runways can't be used again. #Sad
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
My statement following the bombing/airstrikes in Syria.
Well-said.
Your statement should have also noted that the military strike was illegal. Our soldiers should never be sent into battle without consent
Can't wait to vote you out of your comfy lifestyle! You are a disease to NC!
What have US accomplished by taking down Saddam Hussein and Gaddafi?
Now we want to take down Assad? #SyriaNotOurWar
You will stand and be counted Tillis. With all the other opportunistic d bags. We will not forget, but you, will be remembered
So can we count on you to talk to trump to allow the Syrian refugees to the US? There are little babies & children dying in these camps
How did you ever get elected?
A knee jerk reaction with no plan for a solution. The Chinese statement is right on. Too quick to war Tillis.
Your agreement with Trump 100% of the time will be the way we vote you out.  Killing innocents to prevent the killing of innocents?
I absolutely despise it when these paid Trump trolls post garbage with no facts
America's heart  is now beating again, thank's Mr. President, God Bless America the Beautiful 
That failed strike accomplished nothing.  Congress should be a check on an unhinged president.  DO YOUR JOB!
This was not decisive. You're horrified at the atrocities but won't let them escape to America. The hypocrisy!
Nothing about 45's strike was honorable. No strategy. Impulsive. Ineffective. Expensive. Still linked to #Putin. #lies
Russians at same air base where chemical weapons used by Asad. Complicit in bombing Syrian citizens. They were to be gate keepers for bombs.
Calm down Thom, you're hyperventilating!  Why do Republicans ejaculate when bombs & missiles are used?
Always use the excuse of children. War is about money, I am sad we are in another war for money
Wait...so we DO care about innocent people being massacred in Syria? Just not enough to allow any of them to come here?
Glad to see at least some in #Congress getting the backbone to say and do what is right. Thank you Sir.
Is that why Republicans did nothing in 2013 when given the opportunity?  All of a sudden it's a crisis of morality?
well done!!
He only replies when people aren't calling him out for being a lazy, hypocritical racist who does anything to avoid real ?
Diversion over back to Russian connection
False flag.  How much are the defense contractors donating to your re-election campaign?
Lapdog.
Agreed- but would like to see some Congressional oversight. At the very least a statement of support. Auth for use of force even better.
so tell us...what did $60 million in Tomahawk missiles buy us?  Is Assad still able to carry out air attacks?
It's a message but it's insufficiently clear. We should have moved to take out Assad's entire air force.
President Trump did not decisively respond. It disappoints me that my representative would state that over the truth.
Brave!! Launching missiles from hundreds of miles away. Based on yet another lie. You're all cowards and liars.
Don't insult our intelligence. This is NOT about humanitarianism. It's about corporate interest. Stop these endless wars! Tax money wasted.
Amen
What? You think "we're so innocent?"
We attacked someone that didn't attack us.
Additionally, "future atrocities" could include gas attacks on our soldiers in theater and even here in the homeland. It's a nat. sec. issue
Well, said. Cant believe my fellow Trump supporters r not getting it. HE DIDNT START A WAR. IT WAS A MESSAGE. DIS MESSAGE DIDN'T KILL ANY1.
Please let your constituents know exactly how US interests were endangered by Syrian forces. Eagerly awaiting your reply.
...Not in America. So unless we are attacked in our own country, let's stay out of it, 'kay? 2/2
@GetOnTRUMPTrain
Do you agree with @realDonaldTrump's decision to attack Syria's airbases with 50 Tomahawk Missiles?
Please stand up for USA and NC and not just pander to Trump.  We need leadership and a Congress that hold WH in check.
So when you say Trump "decisively responded" you really mean flip flopped on his views b/c he has no moral convictions that he holds to?
Please remove yourself from Twitter
Horrible statement
When you mistake security with hegemony, there's a problem. Also I call BULLSHIT on how you selectively care about children dying.
So why did GOP not give President Obama permission to do this but it's ok for 45?
Thank you for your support of our Great Nation and the Administration.... @FoxNews @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
Or the horrors that go on here.. like hunger, homelessness, healthcare, poverty... and police brutality, racism, Muslim ban.. gun violence..
Why is this so important now and not all of the other times he gassed his people? And why are we barring refugees? #openthedoors
Because they'll kill us all #keepthemclosed
Well said.  Speak up more often!
thank you from a constituent.
Might this be the start of WWlll? You good with that too?
WW3 is already waging for a couple of decades now. This will be WW4 my dear!
As you can see not many are interested because we know your answer.  If Trump does it Tillis likes it.  There are children being killed.
Has Congress declared war on Syria?
Hey, your Russian friends support the same Syrian regime you attacked. WH notified Putin of attack. They probably cleared airfield.
So, what exactly is the goal of this mission?  How do you know if it's successful. Since when does GOP care about women & children?
You forget Trump also banned these same victims from seeking refuge here.
He's trying to save people from having to become refugees!
There is no "becoming." They ARE. It is happening.
Yes, many are refugees but many are not yet. They want their country to be safe but, they have a leader who is a killer & he needs to go!
But why is this U.S.'s business or place to intervene? OH YES, HEGEMONIC RULE
How does this keep our nation safe and secure?
Anyone think that Putin planned this attack on Syria, and Trump (as stupid as he appears to be) took the bait?
Bye tillis because y'all are fake caring about Syrian people now
prove it...
1. What kind of font is that bro? 2. "Brave men and women"? Someone pressed a button 500 miles away.
Well said, sir!
LOL INNOCENT CHILDREN you & the @GOP want to BAN from the United States. You're not a humanitarian, neither is Trump. Shove the warmongering
[VETTING]
Amen!
