(2/7) Assad has committed countless atrocities against his own people, and Russia has given his regime cover every step of the way.
(3/7) As UN Ambassador @nikkihaley asked today: “How many more children have to die before Russia cares?”
(4/7) The sad truth is Putin doesn’t care and never will. He’s former KGB. Look at how he runs his own nation as a dictator.
(5/7) Putin’s political opponents are arrested or assassinated, and the media is controlled by the government.
(6/7) Russia meddles in elections of the U.S. and other Western democracies.
(7/7) Freedom and value of human life are foreign concepts to despots like Vladimir Putin.
I'm pleasantly surprised to hear this from you, Senator. I will be taking screenshots to show to you if your votes don't back up your words!
Supported and praised by trump.  A travesty and embarrassment to our once great nation. Trump has no idea what he's doing
Then you go over there and fight Assad and Syria if you believe it so much.  Goddamn ivory tower politicians. #syria #draintheswamp
I'm glad you are saying this senator. Now step up and get Trump impeached
I agree someone please stop this madness
hey tommy the rebels r ISIS worse than Aasad wake up stop the nonsense Syria is not worth one ounce of US blood or treasure
And now the US under Trump is under Putin! Only last week Trump admin gave Assad & Putin go ahead. Now #CrookedTrump Makes empty threats!
Yes, empty threats. Totally
Usted es un traidor a su país. Que miente y acusa porque Israel le llena los bolsillos de dinero.
Propaganda! This Loyalist speaks lies!
Is this what the AIPAC lobbyists told you? The Jews need to fight their own wars. They have enough American taxpayer dollars to do it
So you support ISIS then? Those are your only two serious options.
Then please support @timkaine @MarkWarner and others to bring discussion/vote on Syria to the floor. Today. #WalkTheTalk
Hi neocon. No more war. Thx
Which you can't and wont do so get back on track, or be gone next election
Stick with what we voted you in to do, Repeal/Replace Obamacare, Tax Reform, Jobs, Border Security. Unless you're going to lead us in combat
And you've supported the murderous terrorists in Syria. I'd take Putin and Assad over you any day
Madness. Almost incomprehensible. The NEOCONS are evil. No limit to home much violence they are willing to apply for Israeli objectives.
Neocon/lib trying to lie America into war for another country's interests..... Endless Zio Wars.... 
Bashar has popular support which is why the rebels are losing
president Obama went to congress to ask for help in dealing with Syria and the answer was silence.
and a president blaming the former president for a war crime due to the actions of a criminal dictator is ridiculous
although I agree with your Russia supporting Assad regime I also thnk that SOS is complicit to the act by his lack of message
if you believe all this, why won't you call for an independent investigation of @POTUS ? #Trumprussia #gop #DoYourJob #nc
I'm glad you are saying this,  Senator. I hope your votes will stay true to this line of thinking. We are watching.
I bet you're washing your hands on the Trump/Russia scandal, huh, Typhoid Tommy?
does it ever bother you that the guy you voted in as POTUS is the same guy that Putin wanted because he weakens our country?
maybe you can convince your President to do something instead of blame someone else
...and your boy Trump is all cozy with Putin.  How does that make you feel, more secure or less?
But what is the alternative to Assad? Supporting ISIS /other terror grps? Free Syrian Army hardly exists now. Obama's fault red line crossed
Obama allowed Russia to get in bed w/ Assad & Iran. US had troops in neighboring Iraq. We needed a military base. Would've stopped ISIS, too
So what do you think the US should do, if anything at all?
I think it is time to find out what the ties are between Putin and @realDonaldTrump, don't you? #russiagate
Thank god that with the help of you and your party we will be able to sit down with Putin as friends and hash out our differences. Good work
Get real.
