Very pleased to hear him discuss the need for America to strengthen partnership w/ India and hold Pakistan accountable. (2/3)
The objectives laid out by @POTUS will help promote peace and stability in the region and ultimately make us safer here at home. (3/3)
How can you applaud him but never criticize? What about the trans who are serving in that military? Speak out when he is wrong as well!
Nothing but promises with no plan.

.@POTUS: "When we open our hearts to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice, no place for bigotry, and no tolerance for hate." 
YEAH!!! Trump can read from a teleprompter... sorry... not buying it. THis is what Rump supports.
You have so much to learn
WATCH: Believe it or not, THIS move by American Democrats was too racist for even Hitler and the Nazis to stomach.

…
LOL.... so.. you send me a link to #FakeNews so that I can be like you.... sorry. https://www.popsugar.com/news/Secret-Service-Budget-Completely-Depleted-Trump-Travels-43915952 … This is of the same quality ...
Would you be so kind to restate his wonderful plan, step by step?
Are you kidding? Did we hear the same speech? I heard basically nothing.  You need to sharpen up your critical thinking skills, sir.
Clearly defined really looked just like Obama policy I didn't see any change who will be the last soldier to get maimed
We voting u out of nc
@SenatorBurr We will not delude ourselves into believing #lieslieslies. The agenda is #lies. Please disembark from the train. #NOTNORMAL
He described nation building then said we weren't doing that anymore. He was completely incoherent on actual policy objectives. Cmon Senator
"clearly defined"???  More of the same if u ask me.  Poor/middle class fighting rich white men's ego wars
What he did was clearly define racism
Yes to fuck over American people with some bs distraction from the train wreck of republican govt
You've got to be kidding, senator.  POTUS laid out out no clear plans.  16 years mired down in afgahn.  With no clear end in sight.
He was clearly vague, senator.
Nah
It sounded like the same objectives from the last administration and there were no details. What was 'clearly defined'? Please explain.
Clearly defined? He read off a speech written by someone else and looked unattached to it. Just a distraction from bad press. Sad
IF Americasurvives the Trump presidency.. the #GOP will not. http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-41005868 … Supporting NAZIS, Wild waste of taxpayer $$...
Care to elaborate? The rest of America seems to have missed the message. We'd love a clarification.
Rob Afghanistan of its mineral wealth by more bloodshed on both sides. And so US policy goes on and on and on.... How proud you must be.
your loyalty to the president knows no bounds.   your loyalty to the people who gave you your job is deplorable. you promised a town hall!
Hold Pakistan accountable? Seriously are we supposed to cherry pick what countries we need to police? Also did we watch the same speech???
Nothing clear except POTUS need to distract from his racism and scandal
Tom Price has a better understanding of this topic.
Ummmm NO he did not!  Clarity was clearly lacking
so you decided to support him, or are you just yanking my chain?
Were we listening to the same speech?
No he didn't.
Are you out of your mind, he has no plan or strategy and He is sending More of our Military into Harms Way for no good reason! Shameful!
Really Thom? I saw nothing like that at all. What speech did you and @marcorubio watch? #pathetic
And could you tell us what they are?
No, no, he did not.
Senator, how is he going to accomplish any of this complicated diplomacy with no diplomatic team? He's gutted State Dept, hasn't made noms.
Support our President's agenda! #standwithpotus
Er...Trump read some one else's words. He didn't mention a NUMBER of troops. It was weak. He will probably say something awful in Arizona.
He wants to sacrifice our soldiers' lives for political gain. Please STOP supporting him. Please.
You are another war loving neocon who has not learned nor cares to understand the faults of our poor foreign policy.
We are not safer because of this type of foreign policy. It only causes blow back.
The only thing clear from that speech is that Trump can read from a teleprompter. He has no credibility and needs to be impeached.
Really? So, how long do we stay? And when we leave, the Taiwan will prevai -- again!! So why not leave now?
I heard a different speech, Senator. No timelines. No troop levels. No plans.
What about his objectives for re-uniting a country under a banner of something other than bigotry?
Clearly? Are you high?
NO HE DID NOT, TILLIS 
WTH are you smoking?
Explain his plan, Tillis
What is a win? How many troops?
NC HAS 2LAME DUCK SPINELESS SENATORS
He...didn't actually list any objectives? Wait, what were you watching?
What was clear abt this? But we can always rally around war.Don't mind the 
#Russia #WhiteSupremacists #Emoluments #TrumpCare #TheWall
Oh god. He was a kindergartener reading a prompter. The mans an idiot.
Wouldn't "clearly defining" have involved specific numbers? Pls stop enabling our shameful POTUS who cannot even condemn white supremacists.
No he didn't , he said we would win and never told us how.
Ummmm..... Denial much?
He is the worst president ever. You need to take care of this problem. Do you even see it or are you blind
No he didn't. He specifically stated he wasn't going to tell us what America will be doing in Afghanistan.
Not sure how you arrive at the phrase "clearly defined".  No specifics, no numbers, no goals. More of the same campaign garbage.
He's trying to distract from #TrumpRussia and #Charlottesville. Not working.
The  "objectives" are the same as always. I heard nothing regarding how he intends to reach those  "objectives".
Quite the spin. #WhereAreTheIndictments?
Generalities will not do it anymore. Tell us factually and in detail anything that will back up what you're saying
Tonight, a corrupt imbecile managed to avoid defending Nazis during a 20 minute teleprompter speech.
I had no idea "clearly defined" meant vague and lacking coherent information.
Please define the word "clearly". Nothing he said was very clear.
@POTUS Have you considered @SenThomTillis for Homeland Security? I think he'd be perfect for the job! #MAGA!
Yeah, a really brave man to secure America. Too chicken to be in a room with his constituents because he's afraid they will raise voices.
He would fit in so well with that crowd- and I'd love the chance to vote in a replacement who is less fearful of town halls.
There was nothing clear about that speech!  He's a dangerous menace to our country and needs to be censured.
Clear as the channel fog. He won't say what troops will send or when or when they might leave but it was very clear he's going to act.
Stop falling for this crap.  He read someone else's speech off a TelePrompTer. By tomorrow evening, he'll negate everything via tweet.
Thanks for the talking points! Any thoughts on Russia's role?
Huh? cause you know you can't change Afghanistan by sending in 4000 people. You need tens of thousands. Trump is creating a death scenario.
Did you listen to the same speech the rest of us did?
You, my senator, and I have a very different definitions of the word "clearly".
To be sure if BO gave this speech, GOP would be chewing him a new one.
He never would!
Define "clearly defined"

Libs stop crying on Hillary shoulder
Nice spank bank photo of your hero Trump as your profile pic, Brandon. How far will you go to carry water for the loser?
Uhm Senator? No, no he didn't. And we all realize both India and Pakistan have nuclear weapons rights? Except 45 I mean, he doesn't remember
Clearly??? Tell us exactly what our plans now are. #suckingup #low bar
when? lol
which is how we know it's doomed to failure
HE did? Who were you listening to?
You too, Thom? Come on. You suck.
