They deserve US citizenship.

Senator, why do you, an American, condemn other Americans to "rigorous" tasks to "earn" Constitutional rights?
What "other Americans" are you referencing in your comment?  What ""rigorous" tasks" are you speaking of? Your comment makes no sense.
1/ "Other" meaning not the Sen.
"Americans" meaning the ~800k humans that've grown up here, over 80% of their lives, now facing deportation.
2)Why haven't they already applied 4 American citizenship? Why don't they have to do this then get in line behind those who already applied?
1/ Most have no recollection of arrival b/c it occurred before their first memories & only are aware of their status upon reaching adulthood
2/ when applying for college or a career, an undoubtedly schocking & fearful moment. They don't have to "get in line" b/c they are Americans
3/ already, as much as you or I. It's an issue b/c the president has decided to revoke their deportation protections established by DACA.
4/Their median age in 2017 coupled w/the median age of entry being 6 years old means that they grew up in America, only know America as home
Wrong you need to send illegal aliens back!! I'm from NC but I will not vote for you again!
Your ignorance betrays you.
I am aghast the evil Obama prevented congress from acting. Oh wait, that was your contemptible party. Sorry, your bad.
Obama prevented legal actions (legislative acts) from taking place by bypassing congress and enacting DACA by Executive Order.
Nope.  Repub Congress failed passing 2 bills in that time, never got to obama to sign, that is why he had to do the EO
Had to? Or just did? Congress would not have passed it. So it would have never been on his desk to sign in the first place. He bypassed 'em
Had to in the sense was the only way to stop them from being deported.So yeah, act of compassion, some people feel they have to do that.
Racist bigot - fire Thom Tillis in 2020
Oh, I do hope that you are checking the want ads, because we're firing you. Very soon.
LOL! Work together to come up with a CONSERVATIVE...PATH! How is that working together? Good luck with this knucklehead.
"A common sense, Conservative & compassionate solution" is one mouthful of an oxymoron, Senator.
#saveDACA
#DACASolidarity
#ncpol
#resist
Rather than put forward your own legislation, please support the bipartisan efforts of @SenatorDurbin and @LindseyGrahamSC
Your ignorance and hate betray you
What about a bipartisan & commonsense path?
Exactly! He has to get his "conservative" jab in there. Guess what? Jesus was NOT a conservative. #VoteTillsOut @maddow @hardball @CNN
Send them back to their home, that is legislation.   Period.
Exactly what Jesus would do. NOT!
conservative, huh? not Bipartisan? Republican or American?
NO WE DON'T THEY NEED TO LEAVE THE COUNTRY WITH PARENTS AND COME BACK THE LEGAL PATH REAL SIMPLE
Shouldn't we send a strong statement to those that would try to come here illegally that there are consequences for breaking our laws?
They should go through the same process that every immigrant goes through period. We are a nation of laws and they should be enforced.
All you do is TALK and LOOK for stuff while POTUS is DOING
Soon 1TermThom will put on his mom jeans and roll up the sleeves on his shirt and run ads about being a shawt awdah cook, paypah bahwee.
He's weaving his magic cuck spell on you. It's amazing how well faux conservative cuckery works on weak minded libs. You're HYP-NO-TIZED!
The reason Obama made the executive order to begin w/is the GOP's failure to act in the 1st place! Stop saying illegals too, they were kids!
1st: Most of these "children" are now adults.
2nd: Many  children were born at Camp Lejeune & poisoned & nothing for them.Go to hell Tillis.
Oh so the undocumented is more important than the people who voted for you! How many ways can you think of to get voted out ! Wrong Answer:T
Make DACA folks citizens while quickly locking down the border and deporting illeagals.  They stepped up and registered - take care of them.
Another amnesty, open borders senator. Build the wall!!!
Tillis keeps talking about "the children". Illegal " children". His idea of border security doesn't include a wall. What a GD cuck!
Pathetic response
Please support the Dream Act.

Hope you enjoy being a one term senator because we're gonna drain you along with the swamp. This is what I get for voting against Kay Hagen?
Chris I voted for him too. Kay Hagen was 1 of the 5 democrats who voted against the Dream Act. I guess we both messed up.
Want to know your plan for border security & enforcement, and how will you monitor compliance with requirements ???
Solution is to send them back #vetsbeforeillegals

Regrettably Thom you already showed your true colors with your little "bipartisan" jab via Twitter the other day. You're a pathetic sham.
Cut my taxes now!!!  Do you care about people like me?
What about tax cuts and health care for OUR children?
We will remember this and support a primary challenge to you in 2020.
Yes we do!
Step 1: Fire Congress
Step 2: Give them residency
Yeah.....y'all get together on that.  And while ur at it try to find some help for the middle class who are paying out the ___ for ACA
You sound disingenuous CONSERVATIVE party has failed to act for years. The previous prez took a compassionate approach WE ARE ALL DREAMERS
Remember your commitment to citizens who elected you and the rule of law. The fact is that WH and fed courts have ignored law for too long.
Millions every day do something illegal and justify doing it. So just get off your pedestal and stop being a hypocrite,
Pass the Dream Act because "it's the right thing to do". Forgot, Republicans aren't morally capable of doing that.......
As I thought you are not going to honor DACA. These folks have already gone thru rigorous screening so don't claim they haven't. ....
Yes, DACA was declared by EO in 2012. Why has nothing been done in 5 years?
yes, but if dimms get in next no enforcement and the problem again.  look what O did with exec order.  stop this.
How about we just let them stay under the protection of DACA and allow them a pathway to citizenship?
Seems pretty "commonsense" to me...
#AmericaFirst   The more you speak, the more I regret ever voting for you.  The establishment republicans make me want to vomit.
THEY ARE NOT CHILDREN!  THEY ARE ADULTS!!  WHAT ABOUT THIS CRAPPY HEALTHCARE??!!  #DumpDACA
Why does it have to be "conservative"? Why not just "compassionate" and leave it at that?
Stop! DACA is about adults stop that BS. Very few children. Stop pandering to your NC builders and agriculture lobbyist. So many illegals
Can we fix our homeless and jobless Veterans first?
could this have less details??? Is this the trumping of America? WHAT are you proposing? Zero details
Dont talk about it. Do It!
Stop talking about this and go to work. So far congress is all talk- no tax reform- no HC reform- no infrastructure bill-all talk no action
Obama was thwarted by congress.  Protect DACA recipients. It's economically beneficial and morally right.
I emailed your office requesting your financial disclosure information, no response. I'll eventually get it. You're a liar.
Better late than never.  I assume that canceling the Muslim Ban is also in order by the same logic?
The GOP is going to start doing what Americans want, or Trump is going to work with the Dems. You are history.
Trumppuppet, you area racist SOB. We don't give a fling about a "conservative" racist solution. Resign liar.
Consider putting "humane" or "compassionate" in that plan, please
It's easy, stop giving them tax payer $, deport, get in line to enter legally, if not they are illegals
No, you need to protect and defend the constitution , crime does not pay they got here illegally and NEVER did nothing to gain legal status
Why do you have to say conservative? This is not a conservative or liberal issue. It is a human issue. Please do not make this partisan.
Totally agree. Adding the word conservative is just playing to your base. People before party, please.
DACA is a conservative and common sense path forward!
Why does it have to be conservative? Where are your Christian values? Read Jeremiah 22:3 !
You don't work with anyone unless they are against our President! You betrayed my vote!
Wow, there seem to be many vitriolic people who (I am betting) have their own pew on Sunday morning. Nice.
Fair is to DEPORT, send to BACK of immigration line, & make REIMBURSE benefits received as illegal BEFORE letting return LEGALLY.  NO CUTS!
You need to actually read about the DACA program before spewing unChristian haye. Jeremiah 22:3
DACA is "deferred" action from deportation w/ work visa. Join LEGAL immigration line like other applicants. Unfair for DACA to cut in line!
We have one. I think all of y'all should review the laws that are already in place. Before you speak out on the subject to the public.
Again I ask you, what is your opposition to the dream act?
@SenThomTillis   Y undocumented only. Please include Ageing out legal immigrant children also @KamalaHarris @GOP @TheDemocrats  @POTUS
We need a plan to deport all illegals and have them apply for legal status. Why is congress working so hard for them and not fixing tax & HC
Deporting them is not the answer
Basic human decency isn't conservative or liberal, Thom. Is it so much to ask for you to treat all people with basic human decency?
They have already WRONGFULLY  benefitted from their parent's CRIME. Deport them all! Make them reimburse U.S. before ever returning LEGALLY!
I don't want tax money  used to give illegals a free ride, paying for healthcare, college etc. Most of these children came without  parents.
You need to get behind Trump or feel the wrath of your constituents
1st, you vote against an immigration bill because it was during Obama & now you want to pass the same bill under trump.  WTF Thom. Townhall
Who is paying for NC suing Trump admin for ending DACA???? Me????
"Plan" is good.  Actually doing it - and soon - would be much BETTER!!
PS Had time to solve this. How about healthcare and taxes? Political hot button and now jump into action? And suing Trump DACA action in NC?
The DREAM act is conservative.
And BTW, stand with POTUS who got elected on #EndDACA. The people spoke!

Then make a law, but remember US dreamers first! Law should only cover refugees fleeing persecution but not from crimes!
Also, why "fair and rigorous"... Isn't "fair" enough?
Vote this Rhino OUT!
We also need a clear path for Caregiver of 100% PHYSICALLY wounded Vietnam Vets into the Caregiver Stipend young vets w PTSD rec. #Help
Why does it need to be conservative?!
Thank you! My thought exactly.
Your party filibustered the legislative solution under Obama, and is rife with xenophobes. Good luck.
There was not a a filibuster in 2012. A vote took place and 5 democrats voted against it.
This article's title states there was a filibuster, but in the article it clearly states there was NOT a filibuster.
The sooner you realize that these 'young adults' won't vote for us (Reps) anyway, that will make the decision much more simple. #HelpingDems
 together u guys can do it.. 
These aren't "children" Senator Tillis, average age is early to mid 20s.
They came here as children. They had no choice. So if you break a law, should your children pay the price?
