How convenient now that you have your judge.
You should teach pet care! You do know you are NOT in Tillis' district, right?
His aids in Raleigh and Fayetteville I talk to have my address and think I do. They think senators represent whole states not districts.
WTF does that even mean? Aids or aides?Your NEW YORK address?How many places are you registered to vote?TILLIS STATE=NC
Just moved back to NC, did not check autocorrect, meant to write aides, sorry about that.
The New York misled me!
I am still not sure if or where in NC I will stay which is why I have not changed it.
It is essential. It wouldn't even be an issue except for someone's tantrum.
@FBI 's Comey is delusional. Abedin and Hillary Clinton, if military, would be in prison.
#BlueLivesMatter
.@TuckerCarlson
Ha. Haha. Hahahahaha! Ha-hm. Ha hi. Ha hypocrite
Surprised to hear you say it given your NC record, but I agree
You already destroyed the senate by changing the rules for a president who colluded with Russia to give away a scotus seat.
Look at you, worried about 2020 already. Glad you see the writing on the wall.
Yes bipartisanship is a good thing. Wish you had also had the same approach and thought to SCOTUS
Great speech you have voted with or signed onto the  Trump position 100%, everything.  your "nonpartisan" bullshit isn't bought,by anyone
You don't mean Senator Thom ( leave the money on the nightstand honey) Tillis do you?
Well said...
You want to do things the right way, but Dems don't work that way. They're harming America by obstruction & filibuster.
If Congress was subject to EVERY law they pass for us things would get done much quicker and better.
You are so right.
Hold onto that thought Thom. It's a good one. We are watching. I know you guys up there don't think we are paying attention but we are
Yes we are Senator Thom (leave the money on the nightstand honey) Tillis
Idiotic
Thank you Senator Tillis.
You seem pretty pro-democracy in this. Now work on voter suppression and gerrymandering in NC, and I'll buy it.
No man, remember they have to redistrict and all congressional seats are up for grabs in the midterms! He's trying to cater don't buy his BS
No worries! I still remember the money he took to vote for DeVos.
@SenatorBurr took the most out of EVERYONE in the senate and is by far the most corrupt. He's not even running for reelection. Both suck lol
True Patriots want to know HOW a hostile government infiltrated our election process, not how info was leaked.

We want the truth!
You cannot lead if you don't win. Period. Stop the filibuster and use the nuclear option. Roll up your sleeves & fight for US
Nope... u fight fire with fire
OMG YOU ACTUALLY SSID SOMETHING I AGREE WITH
Where was this attitude toward #SCOTUS? You are such a hypocrite. You have helped create this mess. No reelection.
Hi! Waving my arms hoping you'll notice we'd like some*real* town hall meetings
Too bad you don't answer constituent phone calls...
Really!  You didn't have a problem with changing it to get Gorsuch in  hypocrite
Nice, but what about Supreme Court approvals. Aren't they very important?
Them stop. Elected you 2 years ago and you took a hard left at the beltway. Bipartisanship will suck you they don't compromise #MAGA
Thank you for support a fundamental democratic process. We hope  there are others among your peers that realize what's at stake.
Thank you! Country first!
thank you, Senator Tillis! I really appreciate your perspective!
Tillis needs to go. Not a conservative! Already feathering his own nest. Will vote against you in primary and general just to get you out
bravo!
this both very on-brand for you and something that doesn't make me sad you're a representative of North Carolina!
Senate rules are more important than our Country?  Give me one example of Dems actually compromising on a substantial issue. In over ur head
We'd kinda buy this except...SCOTUS. Or did the winds change because you realized ppl are starting to fund your eventual opponent?
nice of you to bring this up AFTER your party stole the SCOTUS seat. #RubberStamp
Finally a republican voice of reason!
Let's not pretend you care about bipartisanship
Tom, I don't like you much, but good for you for tweeting that. #Trump needs to hear more of that from #GOP
Gorsuch????
They won't , that's why we shouldn't . Fuckem, elections have consequences !
Yes, & you should tell your President and Senate Majority Leader the same.
Well finally you've said something that isn't dumb. I guess the sun shines on a dog's ass every once in a while.
This guy is after our internet
Except for a stolen @SCOTUS seat?
Thom, why didn't you use this same standard in the appointment of SCOTUS justices--the most powerful judicial branch in the world? Shameful
Can I hear HYPOCRITE
Yes please do
burned that bridge with SCOTUS and now are worried about the midterms REMEMBER they have to REDISTRICT so everyone is up in NC! DON'T FORGET
It's the Senate Minority Protection racket, a "perk" with no benefit to We the People.
@POTUS must take it on; wipeout filibuster
I think you should do something outrageous like ask your constitutes what they think!
Now now. You know all us protesters are bussed in and paid for. Tillis since you "represent" me where do I get my check
I agree but you have been known to cave to partisanship. See you in September
Guess you don't want to be re-elected
But your not doing that.  Your not working with POTUS agenda. So what are doing NOTHING BLOWING HOT AIR.  Get
Yes,yes,yes!  A voice in the wilderness.
Finally some common sense. Thank you Senator and yes you do need both sides to get to the middle of what can work for all.
I agree. It is a good thing. Especially for a Supreme Court Justice.  Did you vote to do away with the filibuster for SCOTUS nominees??
You must be kidding me? So we get you to the list of obstructionist?
No it's not.
Thanks for coming out strong on this, Senator.
We’re going to remember this come September @SenThomTillis
We should leave the Senate's legislative filibuster intact. 60 votes = #bipartisanship required. That's a good thing. 
