Be nice to believe that, but somehow I think if Trump fires Sessions you're going to cave. 

We'll see.  We'll be watching.
Bah. Trump will just make a recess appointment anyway.
He can't unless Sessions resigns. If Trump fires AG he signed some agreement (sure he didn't read) that says Rosenstein rises if AG fired
Ooh, the plot thickens!

Every patriotic American who is qualified to serve in our military should be able to serve. Full stop.
Grassley is all talk, little substance.
Are you really ready to stand up to trump?  You're no @SenJohnMcCain

The first out trans soldier in the US military has a message for Trump following his military ban http://bit.ly/2uZx0zo  @OnlyShaneOrtega 
You complicit cowards always seem to cave.
Interesting!!!
So if AG Sessions has a stroke you're saying there's "no way" Judiciary Comm will act this year b/c we need judges more? Sounds dumb to me.
You're full of crap. WE are watching and WE will swarm the streets. Get you damn house in order or you are complicit & a traitor!
Grass Hopper , we , the citizens are watching you...protect the rule of law, sir .

Senate Republicans just voted to strip health care from tens of millions — and we're going to hold them accountable. http://www.costoftrumpcare.com  

#VeteransResist it's time to tell Congress how the #ACA and #Medicaid help you get care the #VA doesn't cover. Your voice matters. 
Thanks, but hearings for judges should have been at the top of your agenda for Merrick Garland. You has been partisan hack.
I am hopping R doing du-diligence on appmnts True Constitutional freedom lovers please, communist judges please!
Still waiting to hear the explanation for this
@MelissaJPeltier @ChuckGrassley   Many roads lead to Russia.  We want Russia interference & GOP finances investigated.
Blocking Trump from removing Sessions is WRONG. DO YOUR JOB and run a conflict of interest check on Mueller. REMOVE MUELLER.
#Firtash
Stop the FBI Nomenee - MORE SUSPICIOUS Russian Conflicts of Interest are UNACCEPTABLE.  Ties to #Firtash ALARMING
Nominee for DOJ Criminal Division #Benczkowski can not be approved! Left Trump Campaign to work for Alfa Bank?!?
NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUE
#Benczkowski can not be approved! 
Left Trump Campaign to work for Alfa Bank?!?
#Manafort under CRIMINAL Investigation - Shared CONFLICTS ?
#Benczkowski can not be in FBI
Left Trump Campaign to work for Alfa Bank?!?

#Manafort & ALL #TrumpRussia Prosecution could be OBSTRUCTED
Nice love that group shot real class act fellows
Yes, the dirtbags have been NASTY makers in the GOP for over 30 years
why is djt mad at Sessions? for following the law????? your answer please!
The only thing that makes sense at all is if he urgently wants to get rid of Mueller for some reason.
Of course he wants to get rid of Mueller.  Mueller is in search of a crime. Any crime, any time frame. Not right.
Really? Like Whitewater, closed many times, so tried to impeach but acquitted, for lying about a BJ? Get real.
Examples of trying to find a crime, any crime, any time frame. Educate yourself.
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=123653000 …
…http://askedandanswered-democrats.benghazi.house.gov/cost/ 
…http://askedandanswered-democrats.benghazi.house.gov 
Read both links. 2 different examples.
Thank  you for the info.  Fascinating!
Please help rich white men only
Get to work! No breaks, no vacations, earn your pay & do the people's work. Get the nominees through! Why have a majority? Use it! #MAGA
Your words ring hollow. The actions of your party, for years, betray you.
Better tell your president. #NeverTrump #NeverMyPresident #worstPotus in he history of America
Trump is unfit.  You have pence as tour fallback.  What are y'all waiting for?  The majority want this chaos to end!  Please!!
Obstructing the President in his ability to rearrange his cabinet as he see fit is unseemly. Can you point to where this has occurred before
I have a hard time trusting officials that let current POTUS cross line after line, and do NOTHING to censure, and protect the nation.

The most important thing you can do today is call Congress and and tell them to #SaveMedicaid #SaveTheACA our heros need us #VeteransResist 
You guys do realize Pence would give you your damn tax cuts and deregulation. History is watching.
They don't want to impeach. They would lose the Trump base for 2018 midterms and lose the Senate and maybe the house too.
But they'd save the country and regain their self respect.
I can't wait to watch the fireworks when people who have employer provided insurance realize the new healthcare law hurts them too
Ppl lose insurance, they start going to ERs for what could be simple dr visits. Hospitals are losing funding via Medicaid. They'll start
Pre-existing conditions coverage requirements have been removed from the house and senate versions of the bill. That affects everyone.
Why was Donald jr and Manafort let off the hook????
They haven't been. Stay tuned. Mueller is coming.
Yup.  It's Mueller Time.
Your correct Mueller time, but not what liberals are hoping for, instead Mueller report will take down Democrats. July 27 the fun begins.
Where's the fun? Did I miss it? #educateyourself
Oh my
Ie a recess appt can't be reviewed till 2018 or if u block the recess appt then no new AG can be confirmed till 2018.
Forgot - if a recess appt is allowed then we're stuck with 'em till 2018.
Americans don't deserve to have our assets stolen by a family of con artist traitors and grifters. Don't allow obstruction of justice.
Right. That plays with your base, but those of us from 8th & State neighborhood in Cedar Falls are ashamed to claim you.

Lisa Murkowski is standing up for the people she represents

She is doing what's right for them and not the…
Trump came for Mexicans,Muslims,Women,disabled, media now he's attacking Sessions one of ur own you finally draw the red line
It's a shame you have to tweet it so the potus will actually read it...you could always ask Fox News to put it on a chyron. Just a thought..
The longer trump is in there, the more divided and dysfunctional this country gets. It weakens us at a time we cannot afford to be weakened
Sessions has got to go/totally ineffective#
Thank you Chairman Grassley

#NoRepeal 
If @realdonaldtrump tries a recess appointment he won't need Grassley's committee
Great. FYI: the President is making God references.
I hope U mean it.  So far all I see is party over country which will not bode well in 2018. No GOPer will get my vote at this point. #BYE

Capitol Hill staffer now telling reporters "no photography, no videos" of protestors
Please stick to your word on this
Wishing very badly I was a resident in your state & district just to cast my ballot against you. RINO
Senator, please call for Special Prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton.
You're bought & paid for, chuck.
You work for Russia, lobbyists, CEO's, chump, & anyone that pays.
Everyone except US citizens.
#Deplorable
plz WH needs ethics training. all of them. tweets offensive and unethical. tell #45 2 stop religious comments n mouse vs sarah. horrific!
time 4 @GOP to stand up and eat this one. this crap is getting old. no wonder "the base" is moving middle 2 left. #DEMsHaveHeart.
very true. talk about pay4play! getting their agenda through while #45 tweets diversions and distractions. our democracy falters.  sad daze!
Pay4play?  are you high?? No one in their right mind is going to think Trump is a Clinton #stupid
If POTUS45 tweets polit.correct nonsense like Barack,while wiretapping,unmasking US citizens,empowering Russ w/uranium like Barack, it's OK?
Kiss job bye next election. You failed on healthcare and block the POTUS, refuse to check Mueller for conflict of interest.
Wow, does Don know about this?
But what if Trump promises worse nominee to do all the despicable bigoted policies that Sessions would do & Would you fold then?

Our new ad reminds Nevada that @SenDeanHeller broke his promise to 328,000 Nevadans who would lose care under the GOP bill. 
Senator, we would love to believe you. You've seemed to stand tough before but caved to Trump. We need to see follow through.
Awesome! But what are u doing playing games with hearing today?
WHY HAS HE NOT BEEN IMPEACHED YET FOR ANY OF HIS IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES? CONFLICTS OF INTEREST? INSTABILITY?
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
Instead of clucking like a democrat do your job and push new FBI director in . Andrew mcabe is no good .
Just don't cave. Sessions is doing a great job.
Hold Trump's feet to the fire Senator. Under NO circumstances should Trump fire Sessions or Mueller...obstruction of justice
You all appointed Sessions because he recused himself out of all the Clinton matters before confirmation. He caved in Russia too classic!
This tweet scares me to death...how many Russian judges do we have in Am to fill those judgeships. GOP filling power positions= nightmares.
You mean how you warned Don Jr & Manafort you'd send the marshals for them if they didn't testify publicly today?
And the problem w that is???
Don't you want these hearings to be open to all of us so we can trust the outcome regardless of what it is? That's all I'm looking for.
Back the president or you will be out of a job.
We're watching you, Chuck. Make no mistake about that. Do right for your country, not your party. And, yes, I'd say that to a Dem as well

yep ironically @ChuckGrassley  knows about Russians visiting & expressing interest in Iowa's farming technique$ 
$-Interesting Conversation?
oh and i see that your agenda includes investigating the comey firing... for his relationship with hillary and not trump... oh....
That's in the House, not the Senate.
Grassley's idea for wasting taxpayer money is investigating if DNC colluded with Ukraine.
That's where the 2016 election crimes occurred; in DNC collusion with Russia and DNC collusion with Ukraine.
You mean filling all of those vacant judge positions left after eight years of obstructing Obama's nominees?
After treason has been proven, ALL ACTIONS WILL BE REVERSED!!! #thiefjustice in particular!!!!
Unfortunately there's no mechanism for that...particularly for getting back the Supreme Court seat the Republicans stole. It sucks.
Lawsuits after treason is proven 2 remove #thiefjustice cuz election interference was a vlad/russ invasion, drumpf action was then treason!
How long are you going to ignore the likely treason?
You better not be blowing smoke up our Grassley, Chuck.
You are a joke!
Arrogance UNCONSTITUTIONAL scum. How farebyoubdecide what a POTUS can do with the Executive. This is just keeping GOP mole in
Has anyone told your Cheetos?  You need to own him or rebuke him and what he stands for, supposedly.
you were quoted by @voxdotcom
Thank you for drawing that line in the sand, Senator Grassley.
So you would hold America Hostage! You realize That Obama/HRC/Kerry/Mccain Are the guilty ones, Not Trump or His Supporters. U guys all Talk
TY Sen.   #MadKingDonaldTrumpgaryen aka @realDonaldTrump  Sessions not your private lawyer.   Sadly its not about loyalty but constitution.
This is a bluff.
I bet you a Coke that you fold.
You sir are a disgrace to this country with your attempts to cover up Trumps treason Americans will find the truth with it without you!!!!
Keep your word.......
You weren't so interested in confirming judges a year ago. #pitiful #unamerican
I think he means "you know who" GOP tiptoeing around the White House.
https://twitter.com/billkristol/status/890581541998387200 …
Hmmm. We'll see if you can truly stand up to your president. So far, not looking so good!
If @POTUS fires the Attorney General, you'll be dealing with the impeachment trial.
What about asking Philip Haney to testify so that the country can see what Obama did to him at DHS?
oh now Chuck #45 will tell you to fall in inline  and the GOP will  might as well say it like it is just sayin
- Hes the President, mind your own business.
So this means that even if Trump fires Chuck's friend Jeff, he won't get a new player in the slot until next year? What abt RECESS appts?
You talk tough until it comes down to the wire. Either man up or get out of the way.
Chuck barely even TWEETS tough. He just bends to the party's whims, and ignores citizens.
his tweets are tough.... to understand
#American #Hero #thankyou #USA 

Trump's supposed to be having dinner with Hannity tonight & fired Fox exec. Hannity & Trump colluded with Assange to cover up Russia hacking
I hope this is true, but I'll believe it when I see it, Chuck. #PatriotNotPartisan

Thank you Mr. Grassley for doing what is right for America not a deceitful POTUS!
Will you be joining @PressSec on Dancing Withe the Stars? It may get better ratings than the Traitorous President & Company train wreck.
BTW, I went to Coe with Fred Alvarez. Your connection is that you were Best Man at his parents wedding.


Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
 you'll fold like a cheap bill. Who you kidding.

On your honor?
I think this schedule is good. Reports of u turning Russian investigation into HRC inquiry is not good. She's not POTUS45!
Serious question, and I'm in no way ignorant. Is there a reality in which DT could fire and hire his way out of this whole investigation?
This in no way means that Trump's acting AG cannot fire Mueller! This is about money laundering, tax evasion, & the Trump Crime Family
 this is much deeper than Russia.  Russia is a slice of the exquisite pie that will take stop charade in #WH & the unlimited expense Acct.
Please stick by this and protect our country. Thankyou

This health care bill isn't simply unconscionable and unjust. It's unconstitutional.

We won't stand for it. 
Who cares about healthcare for Iowans? Not you!

Repost repost REPOST!! #TransRightsAreHumanRights 
Chuck you have the spine of a jellyfish
In our family, we like to get in each others' faces and sing this real loud:  "Chuck Grassole never was no asshole!" You're welcome!

Thank you .@LisaMurkowski for standing up for Alaskans & voting NO to proceed with the bad health care bill. 
How the hell can you elites think you can control how Trump runs his WH???
Holding you to your word.Steering Browser hearing away from Trump? Doesn't give me http://confidence.You  w/Sessions for ideology, racism.
This is a warning to President Trump not to fire Sessions.
Think first, then tweet.  I know, this is not normal by political standards these days
really? Why do despise America? Why do hate Americans. Why do you think you are POTUS? What are you hiding?
#killthebill #makeitbetter
I'll take "Who in the @SenateGOP will be eating their words" for $400 please!
You guys prepared to stay in session continuously? I hope you and your party own this disaster of a president.
Governmentt officials should not use an Internet toy to communicate important business.
You're a good example of why we should have term limits.
You're a GOP tool that approves of crafting bills in secret. Why should anyone listen to or believe you? #GOPkills
Lol. Nice try bro.
Please please be the man that stands up to them.  The GOP has to
What does this even mean?
@realdonaldtrump <--- This is HOW YOU DO IT DON! You should be FIRED!!!
Good to see the @GOP  finally living uo to their duty as a check and balance to abuses of power by @POTUS .
about asking the President yourself and finding out of its remotely true? Thats a novel idea isnt it!
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU .YOU DOUBLE TALKING SWAMP SLIME ARE THE REASON WE CHANGD OUR AFFIATION FROM GOP TO IND YOU GUYS SUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I get the sentiment but if Sessions goes r u just gonna leave DOJ in hands of Acting AG or Deputy AG? What if current Deputy goes too?
lols sure Chuck
Sorry, Chuck, but DJT has different ideas & the Senate marches to Donnie's drum.
And if he does it during recess
Tweet addict Donald Trump misunderstands the term "bully pulpit." 
He may need a taste of his own medicine
How committed are you? Chances are, not at all if the illegitimate @potus says boo.
Cryptic tweet
They won't do their jobs until we flood the streets of every major city.
When will you defend us from Russia? Oh, right.
He'll do nothing, look how he votes
How?
Thanks for this tweet. Hope you'll hold to it's words. Also PLEASE don't confirm #Benczkowski to #DOJ Criminal Division.
you better stay in session then.  Trump will pull a fast one and install AG while in recess.  DO YOUR JOB  @SENATEGOP @SenateDems @#Resist
I have my doubts about this.
Hey there 
Chuck Grassley 
heard u going after HRC tomorrow. Pls dont be a FOOL. Resist #TrumpRussia #Russiagate
The President deserves deference. Don't criticize Trump until you walk a mile in his shoes.
Resign Grassley
No one believes you because we have watched you in action.
We LOVE AG Jeff Sessions. He is doing a marvelous job.
Be foolish if Trump let him go.

"Everybody" meaning MeinKampfTrump, no room for any new AG confirmations; best stick with Beauregard.
We're watching. Anyone who caves when the time comes is complicit, Senator.
One would suppose it's never to late to grow a spine, but this far your and yours haven't been very convincing, Senator.
How's that crazy criminal thing working out for ya?
You've already lost all integrity. You will go down in history.....yeas, way down.
Thank you, Chuck
You have destroyed any credibility you ever had. No teeth. #lies
I wish this was to protect us but it is probably just for Sessions.  Today, you will try to blame the Dems on the Russian interference.
Are you actually trying to turn Russia investigation toward
Dems? What are you thinking?
Nearly 2/3 of us know that is not
 True!
Grassley, you know what is @SenateMajLdr is pulling is a sham.  That's not the way our government should behave.
I am saying it to every Senate Republican every chance I get: drop this partisan, sham floor process. -PM
Prevent a recess appointment
That's all you guys gotta do
There are ways around you Chuckie.
Wapo just said Trump will put in an AG during their recess
Please keep digging on Fusion GPS and who paid for the fake ditto frame Trump so Obama could illegally spy!
Plz help us with this corrupt administration
You should go ahead an tag Trump since we all know that's who you mean by "everybody"
Why don't you 1) suggest to Trump that he read The Constitution 2) explain that the AG should not be weaponized to target political
opponents, as in dictatorships 3) the role of Congress is not to "protect" the president and 4) FBI agents take an oath to defend The
Constitution.
Good luck w/that Chuck
Wow. Didn't expect that.
Take away healthcare for 22 million Americans, no problem. Hold onto Jeff Sessions, fight. smh
Please, you will cave and be trumps lapdog as always.
Thank you. Do not let T fire Sessions to get to Mueller
I love the sound of Republicans finally standing up.
I'm not the only American who is utterly baffled by your refusal to fulfill your oath of office.

The CBO told @SenateGOP their bill would rob 22 million of care.
Their response? Outright denial.  https://medium.com/@douglas.elmendorf/letter-from-former-cbo-directors-on-the-importance-of-cbos-role-in-the-legislative-process-278863b7e1c6 …

There should not be a repeal of a program that benefits our #Veterans 
We owe them our #freedom
#VeteransResist 
…
Please. When Trump fires Sessions you'll probably vote to confirm Sheriff Clarke you fucking monster.  Shame!!
The agenda should be saving this nation from trump. Country over party at some point?
Do your job and start investigating the people who actually committed crimes Chuck!!! Clinton, Comey, Lynch etc!!! We are sick of this crap!

Doing time for what you pathetic snowflake?!?!??
Cc @realDonaldTrump
You can't fire the AG, @chuckgrassley is too busy!
Totally unfair. Many people are saying this was yet another dirty trick organized by the democrats and Crooked Hillary. #MAGA #SAD
Chuck just threw down the hammer. Jeff safe until at least January 2018.
DRAIN THE SWAMP! let our elected president to what he feels is best, this is why he is there, the people have spoken!
I don't think anybody believes that.  Nice try though.
Everybody in D.C. being @realDonaldTrump?
Way to go, Grassley. Hope you hold to your guns.
Trump will fire him and do a recess appointment once you recess
Prove us wrong @ChuckGrassley
Nice to see some guts from a GOPer finally..but your boy will just sneak it in recess appt.
So now the Republicans will obstruct. Man we need a 1track justice system and if Sessions won't jump in and #DrainTheSwamp he should go!
Chuck: Remember what this country stands for. And that you work for the PEOPLE. not @realDonaldTrump or putin
So apparently @realDonaldTrump is wrong about #AmazonWAPO being #FakeNews Now the #MoochPriebusSmackDown to end #AmericanHeroesWeek
Warned? How about you just Impeach the Homegrown Terrorist in the White House and save your warnings? 
Should @POTUS make a change at AG, you WILL adjust your schedule. Quit trying to act tough.
