Another Dumbcuck Commucrat Loon
Thank you @SenThomTillis @ChrisCoons for intro of Special Counsel Integrity Act! Your courage is appreciated! Hope you aren't bullied for it
Yeah u belong on CNN, you are just as pathetic as they are! You are exactly why people have lost hope in politics!
Time to replace the RINOs. Last straw. You're part of the problem. @POTUS is surrounded by traitors!
@FoxNews  @RedNationRising @TheresaMechele  know the enemy of elected Pres.Thom Tillis rep co-sponsor not to fire Mueller
Yes Senator CNN is exactly where you belong.
Senator Tillis is a CNN hack. Bought and paid for disgrace.
@ThomTillis Mueller suffers from extreme conflicts of interest! Under the law he can not serve as special Counsel. Comey's Boyfriend! Sick!
Some people have ethics and integrity.... unlike Trump
You are a traitor to this country in an attempt to remove powers from the @POTUS. The next item on our agenda is to remove ALL RINOs. #Gone.
#RobertMueller has ETHICS issues, there is no integrity in hiring Hillary donors & attorney and best friend #Comey where's the Integrity?
I am a North Carolina Republican. I can't wait to support your opponent in your next primary!
Good get rid of him!
Why didn't you have a little backbone when Clinton using private server and email ? Are you colluding with the swamp ?
How much do you get paid for your 0 followers twitter account to disseminate lies and propaganda?
Nothing. Am a private citizen, a minority woman who respects American flag and love the country. Shock ?
Protect a Witch Hunt? I love watching never Trumpers EXPOSE themselves. Rosenstein and Mueller should be FIRED- Voters in your state-FIRE U!
Fine - you can join CNN as a contributor once Repubs OUST YOU in 2018. You're a traitor to the party. Bye Bye - along with Flake, et al.
What did u do about IRS special prosecutor? Did it bother u that True The Vote suffered nuisance inspects fr several agencies? R u a dupe?
You are harming the Constitution the Country and Her People. Please stop. In your heart you know this is true and factual.
So will this extend to u demanding a special counsel to investigate @HillaryClinton @DNC Lynch leakers and Comey?
Why isn't Hillary Clinton under investigation? Or Loretta Lynch? Or Comey?
You Tillis and all the other republicans eho crossed party lines to stand against Trump the Republican party has no balls I will never vote
I want to commend you for introducing this legislation. We all want to see the Special Counsel proceed without interference or intimidation.
The constitution is buckling under the Trump administration.  Thanks for shoring up the dam.
You are betraying the trust of the American people and your president. Republicans need to stand behind their president and offer support
Traitor
Thanks Senator Tillis.
You just disappointed another North Carolina voter.
You have certainly lost your mind on this.  You are a progressive fool in bed with Democrats trying to do a coup on our president.
For once, I approve of something you did.
We voted Trump in office and we want him to keep up his and only his good work congress is a joke
Tillis is a Resist Democrat ! Switch party trader to the people
You are the swamp and need to be out of office !!!!!!
And what have you done for us because we know what trump has and we are with him
Just got letter mail today Mission Hosp dropped nc bs only in this state offers 
By the way mission Hosp just dropped our crap Obama care thanks nothing
Should never moved to this state
Sick of Russia and we don't care about it stop spending our tax dollars on this crap
Why don't you look into Obama and Hillary crimes God forbid
You must be so proud for joining the fake Russia crap
Congress is unless and we will support President Trump he deserves it right or wrong Russia after Hillary and dems behavior sick
Go ahead kill the markets fight with Russia make our president look bad keep it up and you can look to stay on vacation
Russia crap !!!!! Sick of it !!!!!! We put him in office the people the same put you in office but that will change for you next vote
Change to a democrat get off our ticket
Hillary and Obama need to be processed under the law for their crimes which of course you don't look into.
Go ahead support this crap. You have lost my and husband vote . Polls will speak and not for you any longer
I don't care what your Russian hunt party finds if any on him he will keep my vote 8 years trump and hoping the rest of unless congress out
He has done more for this country and had to do all on own no help from you or rest of unless congress
We are sick of Russia crap and you have now joined it. Congrats on that ! I will not vote to have you back in office . Investigate Hillary
I live in your state and my vote will not be for you . We love our President and you are now a part of CNN and dems witch hunt .
You suck!! Zero support for POTUS!! HRC and Obama ran crazy nothing from you. I'll tell you I will not vote for u again. Pitiful Tillis.
The appointment process for Mueller stinks and then there's conflict of interest; dismiss Mueller; appoint an unbiased special counsel.
Russian connection found! Trump family took the DNA test from ancestry, and they are .0001% Russian!
You appear as a traitor. U should be trying to replace Mueller. The conflict law's clear. He should recuse himself. Integrity means he goes!
Thom Tillis x by your name If you can't support the Admin agenda you need to go Council should be required not to stray Stay in 2016
@SenThomTillis guess you don't want another term. #traitor
Trump should fire Mueller right now and let the shadow government losers cry to CNN about it!
Finally! Thank you for putting country ahead of party. Now get your boy @SenatorBurr on the same page.
How about help Economic growth in NC, Thom?  Lobby to draw companies to NC and offer funding for education in our State. You're wasting X
Are you kidding us..?  Setting up fund to elect a replacement for you. So many other things you could be working to accomplish. Ridiculous
Unconstitutional and you're the swamp
He can't get through this interview without blaming the whole thing on Obama.  #EvilGOP
Can you say TRAITOR?
screw you we voted @realDonaldTrump President he is boss of executive branch
Separation of Powers u ass!
When did u find ur balls since during obama admin u were neutered. U r shameful. He is our democratically elected President, so bugger off!
Sen.Tillis ur concern for the safety of Mexican citizens is admirable what about the safety of Americans citizens living down by the border?
Senator Tillis are you that desperate for free PR that you would appear on the Clown News Network (CNN) ro disparage your President?
Thank you for this act-need to preserve democracy 4 america and prevent too much power to the president. Can presidential nepotism be next?
Another Poster Child for Term Limits. President Trump you need to keep these Republican Senators in front of you along with the Democrats.
Traitors 2 the American people. You should be campaigning against Mueller's egregious conflicts of interest and supporting @POTUS mandate.
this will go no where.Interviewing with cnn shows your not for the people or this country.Your after the president bashing him daily
what? you've done something decent? Gee-zus. #Trump really must be bad. #SpecialCounsel
So Thom Tillis introduced a bill that is Unconstitutional.  So why is Tillis doing this?? We expect this from a Democrat but not him
Thom Tillis is one more Senator that does not belong on the Republican team.  NC voters what are you doing about it?? #TeamTrump
Fire Mueller! And Tillis you are a traitor and a democrat in hiding? Nothing more! Shame on you and Coons! POTUS rules!
Thom Tillis is holding hostage nomination of Lee Cissna. Call his office and demand he move this along.  202-224-6342-DC or 704-509-9087-NC
Of course he dodges the question about the President lying to his supporters about the wall.  "I didn't read the transcript, but I will..."
You are a total fool if you think you will ever be elected again for anything! Prez TRUMP has consti. power to fire that SC at will! MAGA!
U should sight National Security & IC reports surely in #Constitution 2strengthen Bill.
Yea sure repair his reputation your a lying POS this is a Witch hunt Civil War comes you will be removed 100 Million patriots will make sure
#DeepStateThom Thom Tillis joining forces with corrupt Democrats to help protect Clintonite Mueller keep pursuing this Witch Hunt!!
There are a lot of us here in NC who support you Senator. You're doing the right thing.
U R a deep swamp scum-bag
Thank ypu Senator!
@SenThomTillis Sen. Tillis you sir are no Howard Baker, however Benedict Arnold is apparently closer to the mark.
This is the last straw! Time to "repeal & replace" all the RINOsGod Bless @POTUS
Mueller needs to go. Won't be voting for you again.
Great job please continue to care more abt country than party!
Don't let the corruption consume you. Is there anything in the whole world worth your sole. Do what's right.
I'm so glad that GOD will have the final say. Even your Donors and party won't be able to save you. Judgement Day...Hows your life?
turn to show you what real heroes look like!
a flag that has given you the freedom to take our government away from us. You have spit on us and our flag for too long. Now its our ...
ALL back home with just a press of a button or a stroke of a pen. Cowards like you dont deserve the time of day, or the right to salute...
Thank you!
will not sit idly by and watch you do this to him. We are more powerful than anyone of you because we put you there. And We can send you...
people you are suppose to serve, believe its you. I hope you know we as his supporters who elected him to help save us from this swamp,...
President. And Russia may be our enemy, but you dont see anyone in their govt trying overthrow it! So whose worse Mr Tillis? We the...
in front of the American peoples eyes without NO intervention to stop them, shows who the real traitors are to this country. Its not the ...
President of being! And worst of all, you have allowed the leaks to continue with reprocussions. Sitting back and allowing them to happen..,
republic thanks to cowards like you! You have put yourself above the people you serve. You have become the dictator you all accuse our...
Presidents power, and in turn attempting a coup of the Presidency for your political, and financial, gain! We have now become a banana...
Thank you.
that includes Mueller. Check our Constitution. Its there in B&W for you. You are now circumventing the Constitution to take away a...
REAL NEWS! And they probe for facts, not hate towards our President! Also remember the President has a right to fire anyone he wants. And...
You're suppose to be a smart man right? Yet here you are, on CNN. Not on Fox or Conservative Radio because there they actually report...
Mr Tillis? News Flash..Cowards go on CNN! Its why they have NO viewers with any sense to know what they are up to! But you do Mr Tillis...
Funny how you Republican traitors turn to CNN when you spew your disrespect for this President. Does it make you feel like you're a hero...
From a North Carolina die-hard democrat, thank you Senator Tillis for being a part of Congressional bill activity to help save our Republic.
2003 Text of FBI Agent's Letter to Director #Mueller. Mueller was negligent in 9/11 attack. Why should we trust him?
Muller to investigate conclusion in Eric Trump changing Jim Justice flat tire. May have caused him to turn Rep.
You may as well change your affiliation to DNC BC the GOP primary will be a big challenge for you
Your not serving us the people, your serving your self interests. Get onboard or get LEFT BEHIND! I'm definitely for term limits after this.
The rule of law is being attacked by a Special Council to find something on the President without any evidence of a crime!!!
I'm sorry I voted for you...,
Tillis sides with Democrats & against POTUS.  When he comes up for reelection we all need to remember his disloyal actions & VOTE HIM OUT!
Have you repealed Omuzzy Care? Have you passed a tax plan? Have you pushed through any NC presidential appointments?
You have no integrity! You are destroying our country because of your pettiness! Go against the people & we will revolt!
D.C. Politicians live in a bubble,believe they can't be touched or actions questioned,BUT PATRIOTS spread the word THIS RINO Tillis  is done
If Mueller & Rosenstein were to walk Middle America streets Ppl would spit on them for being Crooked Bureaucrats, IT IS SO OBVIOUS SET UP
Despite the fact that @SenThomTillis has had no town halls in NC I believe he is acting like a much needed statesman in DC.
Really? This is the biggest hoax ever. What about equal justice for everyone? ... http://tmi.me/1fjkrq 
Look at All these Conflicts with Mueller & Rosenstein, IT SCREAMS SET UP! And they are pulling a "Lynch" refuse to recuse
RINO. It's time to vote guys like you out...no wonder there is a special counsel for Trump, but not Hillary.
Patriots,Tillis just Outed himself as Aligned with the Corrupt Left Machine,Vote Him Out at the next time,watch him for more Left maneuvers
Imagine if u @SenateGOP jokers were as concerned with executive branch overreach when BO was there. #RINO
That's nice that you put together your little bill. It won't get  far.There's still  just enough integrity in the Senate to block that b.s.
Traitor!!
Happy as one of your constituents you did cosponsored this. Thank you!
That way they protect themselves and their constituents. Good job standing up too Trump.
Amazing how those who support Trump forget he threatened Americans and Senators alike. That the senators now need to do what they have too.
You are a turncoat RINO. I certainly hope your constituents remember this at the polls!
I still don't like you but on trying to help Mueller I'll give you half a point.
Absolute never Trumper. You will feel the heat. Support your President! @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @POTUS
Why not do ur job for the people and stop obstructing!  Your bill is a waste!  You will be voted out for not supporting our pres!
The reason Cooper won was the 1-77 Toll Road! You're  next to go! You screwed LKN now you're screwing the US
Thom Tillis the "Turn Coat"! You need to change Parties. We support our President 100%. You are part of "The Swamp" dude.
More money for swampy D.C. cronies. Just keep hiring & trying to make a mountain out of a mole hill.  Where's the Hillary Special Counsel?
They whole Mueller special counsel scam is unfair and unbalanced.The Mueller special counsel should include people from across the isle.
#oustTillis @SenThomTillis You are what's wrong w/ Est GOP: no backbone, no principle out-4-#-1 Founders would be sickened w ur self-serving
Really Thom! You know Mueller is corrupt and needs to step down. And why are you posing as a NC Republican while acting like a democrat?
Repeal and Replace the RINOS like Senator Thom Tillis! Just remember your days in the Senate are numbered. The American voters will win!
Confirming you are "establishment".  NC is watching.
You're a traitor! Will not be voting for you again.
Putting country over party. Thanks. Let's get to the bottom of what happened. Truth to power.
No courage in your profile @SenThomTillis Does someone have something on you? Why would you block @realDonaldTrump's legitimate authority?!
@SenThomTillis joining Dems 2 tie hands of @realDonaldTrump, to exercise Const authority causes me to think you're compromised. Inexplicable
Have you lost your mind? He must step down by law. How do you ignore this fact of conflict of interes?  Get a new Counsel! @seanhannity
Counting the days till Primary and I plan to support anyone but you. I'm sure I'm not the only NC R who will vote u out
I am ashamed of our 2 senators from NC they are not republicans they are traitors.Warner drags Burr around like he is a puppy dog.#MAGA.
We need an American citizen protection act from politicians that's what we really need repeal Obamacare drop the Russian BS
integrity goes both ways
#oustTILLIS
RECALL THIS COWARD.  DEMOCRAP
Listen to words- wants to repair rep of DOJ (Obama slam) & let senate review dismissal of spec couns. Why would we trust the senate again??
so can't fix healthcare but have time to waste on this unconstitutional crap?
Thank you for protecting our rule of law and democratic process.
You're done. NC voted for Trump. Was warned you weren't conservative. Sadly, Burr went RINO too.
This is dangerous territory - when shoe is on other foot not many will like it. Be careful.
Thanks for standing up for the rule of law.
Governor of West Virginia flipped from Dem to Repubkucan today. Manchin will follow if he is smart. Maybe Tillis will go DEM? heactslikeone
Thank you so very much for standing up for our country and truth and justice. Making NC proud of your stand.
never hear for 5th district Foxx
You lost my vote
How fast they turn on their own
Thank you senator!
Thank you Senator for your diligence & forethought with this act.  Bravo.
A traitor in our country! 
http://time.com/4885770/robert-mueller-investigation-senate-legislation/ …
How soon can you get a legitimate Twitter account, instead of an imitation Warren acct?
