Do you mean like #Obama use to say: “Don’t make perfect the enemy of good” #hypocrite
Whatever helps you sleep at night
Yes it can, but the fascist GOP agenda shows that they believe that moving backwards toward fascism is actually their version of forward.
How the hell did you get elected?  It still blows my mind.
Trickle down economics doesn't work. The extra money will go to shareholders and the members of the board.
#firetillis
#FIRETILLIS
Read your own website statement about fiscal responsibility. Increasing the deficit by 1.5 trillion isn’t responsible. It’s greed.
Both Republicans and Democrats should remember this.
That’s the way our govmn’t always functioned but the left refuses to work that way now. Have a name for them.....
Trump shows more respect to the troops than Obama, huh?? What an ass-kissing embarrassment you are to NC and this country. GFY, Thom.
like i am going to believe that this tax reform is going to help someone like me.    town hall to discuss.
Still waiting on good legislation. But what can you expect from the worse congress this country has had since the beginning of our country.
Sir, If you were to just make tax cuts 50-50 between rich & the rest of us, this bill would be great. But it Only benefits the 1%
Just say no it worked for 8 years it will work another 8
Perfection is the enemy of greatness.
#corruptpoliticans #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits #rhino
Please let us know when you introduce or support some.
So your saying Obamacare is good law, your just a hypocrite.
Can you please point to some good legislation the GOP has offered to leads US into future. Not seeking perfection just good. Thank you.
Sick and tired of you all supporting a lying white supprimist president. Tax relief to the wealthy does not help the middle class
We will remember how our voting districts were set up in favor of republicans and found to be illegal by the courts
Tax reform for the wealthy you mean... Its a joke
So, how big a cut do YOU get, senator?
How about a much needed increase on the highest earners?
END all write offs, not for profits, IRS.  Simplify.  10% TAX across income and profits, period!
You are a disgrace to the American people and people of NC. It's time to vote you out of office. People in PR and Texas is struggling and you want to pass a budget and give money to the boarder wall. What a disgrace
Trust me I have. Tillis doesn't listen to the constituents of NC. If he did he wouldn't vote the way he does. So have a seat and stop defending a man who wants to hurt AMERICANS
Better taxes? Have you lost your mind? Corporate taxes are being cut by 15%. And the lowest tax bracket increases. PR and Texas is struggling and people is worried about a wall that costs billions
Not perfect but doesn't have to advantage the rich and create more income inequality.  Just remember that please!!
Needs to be closer to perfect than before (Huntersville)
No cuts in Medicare to fund tax breaks for the rich.
Let's start with not giving all the incentives to Corporate America! I want corporate America paying their fair share!
I also hope they recognize that a tax cut for the 1% now and worrying about the 99% later (maybe never) will not move our country forward.
Yes, good legislation: but good for whom? More trickle-down Reaganomics making rich & corporations richer? That's not good for 95% of us!
Thom, you don't represent the people of NC #firetillis
You're fired Thom, craw back in that hole you came out of!
you are just as bad as @realDonaldTrump   Its disgraceful how this party has sunk to gutter politics. Stop politicizing the fallen hero
4 dead Green Berets. Military 
co-op  agreement between Russia & Niger. Russian sanctions NOT enacted. What is going on?
Nice words-- maybe you should listen to them and stop supporting the sabotage of ACA and associated harm to your constituents
Repeal of the estate tax is neither perfect nor good. It's just a gift to the superrich at the expense of our children.
Do you have a brain? #GOPlies
Trump is disrespecting Gold Star families and your biggest concern is cutting taxes on the rich. You should be ashamed.

Stop voting for these clowns...whens the last time a Republican politician did anything for the middle class
Heard your comment about Trump & Obama regarding our troops! ARE YOU REALLY THAT IGNORANT? @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @SpeakerRyan
You 
Keep drinking the kool aid fool! 
You GOP Senators are tweeting to the chorus when you should be speaking to your colleagues.
You sir, are a disgrace to the US Senate.
Go ahead & pander to the 1%... You’re on your way out, @SenThomTillis! Your constituents no longer accept your BS excuses & Trumpisms.
stop enabling a deranged man and concentrate on why you went to D.C.! Or go home in 2020!
But in this case, good ISN’T really good enough. Trickle down doesn’t help the middle class. We deserve better from you.
2016: why is this still possible? Is this different for 2017? Why are you supporting craziness? You're an enabler who has no moral compass
You're so keen on sport teams respecting the flag..why is this possible?
Impeach Trump so our country can move forward.
Sounds like “Hope you can accept this piece of crap I’m offering, so I can give your tax $$$ to uber rich.”
What is wrong with it if you admit it’s not perfect #gop #taxreform
If Trump is so great, enlist your kids, strap em to a nuke, and ship em off to Kim Jong, you lying sack of treasonous garbage. 
G-F-Y
Blow me, you treasonous POS. Insults our POWs, and our Gold Star families and all vets. More than Obama, my ass. G-F-Y
Please make sure not to create more debt!!!
GOP tax reform isn’t good legislation.  Widening the already enormous gap in wealth inequality increases despair and ruins this country.
Imagine some imperfect but good legislation that allowed people access to affordable health care. All members would get behind that, right?
Finally someone on the Hill has gained their senses. Thank you sir.
Up yours for lying about Trump doing more for the troops in 9 months than Obama ever did.
You mean giving the rich tax breaks is that the "good legislation"?
You are violating your oath of office by not removing your mentally ill POTUS immediately. Stop tweeting and DO YOUR JOB. #25thAmendmentNow
Bigly words.
How about some help for the working man? Not from you guys, that’s for damn sure.
Forward?

A big windfall for the rich, a few crumbs (if they're lucky) for ordinary Americans, plus a significant increase in the deficit.
Yall(GOP) better get your shit together and do something!!"
Trump does not need a rich people's tax break. What are you really doing for the middle class?
Hmmmmmm not sure that's what you're there for.
You have consistently stomped on the people of NC, the Constitution of the US, and democracy itself. Plan your retirement. #CantWaitFor2020
What abt legislation that only benefits the GOPs wealthy donors by gutting Medicare & Medicaid & other vital programs? #CorruptGOPTaxReform
How dare you say the POS in the WH did ANYTHING for our military? Is fighting with the NFL your idea of helping the military?
January 3, 2021....Outta here!!!!! https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/posts/10155380506694087 …

Coward.
No, I do not accept that you have to give tax breaks to the wealthy to help the poor
Prefer health care
You saw what happen to @PatMcCroryNC . Don’t go against the will of the citizens! It won’t end well for you!
In recap, I support a turd budget and tax cuts mostly for the rich but hey so does some a hole West Virginia so see??? It's all good.
Tell that to McCain & Paul!
What’s the definition of ‘good’ legislation? Good for who — the already rich?
Your constituents don't like your "tax reform" @SenThomTillis! Maybe you should start acting like you don't expect reelection to be rigged 
North Carolina has brilliant young minds that will work with and for us.
I love my state but I am ashamed of our representatives kissing repeatedly an evil maniac ass just because. We need to change this in 2018.
A Conservative would never vote for a bill that increases the deficit by 1.5 Trillion!!
Stop ur bill Tillis to make Carolina a sanctuary state illegals are hurting wages of non cheating citizens it not our fault Mexico sucks
Have you read the bill? I'm guessing that's a no
I’m so sorry that your constituents aren’t stupid. Try again.
This is a disaster! How much more can the American tax payer give to the top 1%???
Says the hypocrite who was steadfast in opposing anything with Obama's name on it.  This scumbag represents nothing but lies & deception.
I would settle for you just doing your jobs. #DoNothingCongress
Since Republicans are in charge it better sway very conservative.
I hope you will not seek reelection because you don't listen to your constituents. PS: your staff sounds miserable whenever I call. FYI.
They actually tell me that my call doesn't matter since I have a SC number
Seriously? I have a NY number and no one has said that. God help them if they do. 
Balance your budget, tax cuts are not reform.
Depends on what your view of 'good' legislation is. MAGA.
How will NC benefit? Honestly!
Funny how you don't feel the same way about Obamacare...
Is that what you call ACA? Good legislation?
Tax cuts for the wealthy do not move our country forward.
Don’t try to hide your real actions. You’re working for wealthy contributors, for whom “good enough” is anything making them richer.
Then quit pushing this bullshiut ' tax reform" ! Bunch  of KOCH CRAP !
Just like you did during Obama’s term?   #YouLie
Perhaps, but not with @realDonaldTrump at the helm, nothing he supports will help me ..retired, or my kids..hard working middle class
Does that apply to healthcare?
Not from you guys you trickle-down minion.
The senate has done nothing this year- do your job or get out of the way- #taxeeform,#HCRefirm,#Infastructure
Tax reform that provides disproportionate relief to the top 1% is not good legislation.
Best legislation comes from bipartisanship.
I’m hoping my vote against you in your next campaign moves you to a different job
I’m with you! Who’s running against him?
The tax reform ONLY benefits those who make over $1,000,000 dollars and have estates of over $5,500,000. 1 % of Americans. Vote NO!
And #RESIST accomplishes NOTHING! It divides and causes mental, emotion and physical damage to AMERICANS!
No Senator.  You need to vote against this tax bill.  It will harm middle class and low income workers and give yuge tax breaks to wealthy
If "perfect legislation" does not happen, why is the the GOP hellbent on repealing the ACA instead of fixing it? Asking for a friend...
You have a new follower! This is perfect
Yes we understand and that's why we say no tax cut for the wealthy or corps and no rescinding the estate tax. Other than that, you should have plenty of money to cut taxes for the working 98% shouldn't you? Unless you are addicted to Koch and that's a problem for ur bottom line.
Seriously? yet you all blocked the maturation of ACA because you are all partisan hacks. This will make corporations more $, not workers.
@senategop @HouseGOP @potus @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr

CAN YOU GUARANTEE CORPORATIONS & "SMALL" BUSINESS WILL ENRICH HARDWORKING AMERICANS?
For the 1% maybe
My family is middle class. We live in a high tax state. With the changing brackets & the elimination of state tax deduction, our taxes go up
Voters in NC will remember all these @realDonaldTrump incentives you Burr Pittenger et al have voted yay 4 & all that Russian help you get
Yep! But I've heard @SenatorBurr isn't running again, eyes on lobbyist 
@SenThomTillis isn't acting like he wants to be reelected though 
If you are so worried that the investigations are derailing Senate, vote for Independent Commission. Problem Solved
Me too! Hope they don't spend 7 yrs fighting legislation that helps poorest among us. Surely no one would put party over country like that.
Trump has NO respect for service members, and you supporting his lies is DISGUSTING! If my serving son was treated like that I'd flip my sht
Wait a minute! Trump has the utmost respect for the military.
Have you FINALLY surrendered the push on the Orwellian SUCCEED Act?!
Have you lost your mind and common sense? Did you really say Trump has had more respect for military fallen than Obama?
Trickle down? Deficit busting? Cuts for billionaires? How about some details?
Bad legislation happens too, especially in #TrumpGOP
“Perfect is the enemy of good” ?
except this is bad legislation that has never worked. 
Except this proposal isn't reform it's wealthcare for the wealthy
How about legislation that benefits the majority instead of just the wealthiest. Too much to ask for I guess
Not when at your core you are a racist & a misogynist. You cant, in good faith, represent all of us, when you don't look at us as equals.
Tillis, You Have Never Put Forth Good Legislation & Are Only Concerned About Your Wealth & Not The People In NC You Represent! Your A Fake!
Except this is bad legislation that comforts the comfortable and afflicts the afflicted #trickledown #voodooeconomics
So far you failed because the Country is stalled. Did you plagiarize that quote? It’s meaningless because the country is not moving forward
Just keep giving the taxcuts to the richest, amirite? Crook!
