Senator, the people who voted for you do not want this.
I voted Tillis into office but based on His new views of Immigration Law I will Campaign for his Replacement!  Illegal Immigrants apply!
Keep it up, you'll lose your senate seat bubba.
Is college subsidized or if they can't afford it like myself what do they do?
So far, it's been free for them
Oh ok that seems fair maybe my parents should have snuck into a different country with me ...can I still do that
Did you know this???
Yes too much truth
Unbelievable
I work with a few Dreamers and they are hardworking awesome people.  They are following the American dream!
Apply for citizenship!
Yeah they are...but tell me what makes you such a "patriot" --what have you done for your country?
Only said illegal can b made legal. We all have friends we can help.
Sen Tillis, you want to give them amnesty.  You are part of the problem in our party shooting our guys in the back.
You run on no amnesty them create a bill for amnesty. What a traitor! Im so sick of these weak Rino Republicans. We will vote  you out! 
Why do you hate budget surpluses?
I oppose illegal immigration, but these "kids" are victims, not culprits...let's not further victimize. Legislation long overdue. Cheers.
It should probably require them to return to their country of origin and wait in line like others trying to come to our great nation legally
Let's say you are a child and your parents rob a grocery store to feed you. They get arrested. Should you, the child, be arrested too?
Silly.  We don't convict children for the crimes of their parents.  We also don't let children benefit from the crimes of their parents...
If the parents are incarcerated and there are no family members the foster system steps in to protect children. There are parallels here
Dam traitor to America citizens and getting paid to do it. Disgusting
who pays for the higher education?
are they eligible for the same educational grants as citizens
Nope!! Just watched an illegal who got a free ride and is now a lawyer.
...and speak English !  Asians have a more difficult barrier between languages but I don't know a one of them who doesn't speak English
You don't know many.  As with earlier immigrants they stay in their community
Why do Asians learn English & speak it fluently ?  Are they "exception to the rul" in immigration ?  I think it's respect, honor ambition.
I know many Asians who don't speak English.
What about special needs children who can't work, go to college or serve in the military?
Great idea....you pay their bills...problem solved
Employed in jobs Americans should have?
This is NOT what u ran on...political liar
You're no conservative! These people cost US tax payers a lot! We need to take care of Americans! Illegals didn't elect you!
Dear Senator any provision for kids of legal skilled immigrants who are stuck in GC backlog from decades?
The average age is 26.. stop calling them children
Another Liberal RINO surfaces from the swamp - we elected @POTUS to get rid of ALL illegal immigration and that includes minors who get free
And people wonder why the world thinks Trump voters are racist.
that sounds like the provisions of DACA. Why not just hold a vote to make DACA the law?
They are here because of their parents. Send them back with their parents instead of separating families.
What about those that grew up here? Those that have contributed to the American economy? Those who, on daca, are nurses, doctors, etc?
They're not likely to be deported. The high priority is on those caught committing crime. Legislation still needs to take away the incentive
You should be HELPING AMERICAN CITIZENS not illegals
Are we so strapped that we can't do both? Don't bother answering...we aren't and we can.
Thank You for Supporting the RAC Act That Will Protect the "Dreamers"!  The Children Were Brought Here by Their Parents & Deserve Protection
That's pure faggotry. We want them gone, not soaking up American scholarships and taking American jobs. Do what's right for Americans.
How about working on legislation to allow the DACA kids to STAY.  This will help NC.   #DoSomethingforDACADreamers
They are illegal you said you were against it? Your like all the rest lie to stay in office..
Thank you Senator for trying to address #DACA. I can't support yet without seeing bill, but appreciate you working to protect NC dreamers
I doNOT WANT ANY ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT SERVING N Office, 
N our Military,applying for Any Fed/State Financial help! 
FOLLOW U.S. LAW or GO!
Funny, you people allow many black kids to be tried as adults and serve years in prison for crimes committed as children. 1/2
But you somehow have compassion for illegal aliens kids. The reality is this is about cheap labor and bowing down to special interest. 2/2
Think of the JERKS they'll have to live with if they go back!
Let's ask the Romans about how these sort of policies turn out... oh wait.
Remember, any GOP who supports #Daca supports giving free rides to non citizens instead of working for tax paying citizens who DO pay
Why are these people, they're not kids, getting preferential treatment! #AmericaFirst no amnesty! We can't reward illegal behavior!!!
No! Anybody can be employed! Only Maybe 5% of #DACA People can stay! Geniuses only! 31 yr olds can get DACA! No! No! No! #EndDACA #NoDACA
If they are adults why don't they take the necessary steps to becoming citizens?
This is a solution/path to citizenship for children brought here without their permission/knowledge of illegality. It's called a compromise.
Why are you giving people who came into the country illegally a chance at having a job before an unemployed American? How is that fair?
No one is stopping anyone from applying for a job. The dreamers were brought here years ago and have lived ever since. They deserve to stay.
First off, the term "dreamers" is a joke. Second, no, they came illegally and should not be allowed to compete w/ unemployed Americans
They came here illegally but not of their own volition, as children. How can you punish someone when they had no choice?
FUND THE WALL
Well you better get to stepping Mr. Tillis. #DefendDACA We are not going to stand idly by.
I’m disabled. I don’t want disabled people who came here as children to be deported either.
Where exactly is that carve out allowed in CONSTITUTION? NO? Which ENUMERATED POWER ALLOWS IT? LIAR TO OATH & COWARD TO THIS REPUBLIC. Shame
Come compete with illegals and try pay a mortgage and college tuition  hate ur doing this to us
How about help out young Americans get employed and pursue higher ed? BTW you need to stop acting like you are conservative, that's a lie!
Great, now can we require all US documented minors to also be employed, seek higher education or serve in military?
Help Trump remove all the illegals or get removed yourself.  Americans are fed up with your B.S.! 2/2
When will u RINO pos get it thru ur thick heads, American voters who vote Republican do NOT want this garbage. We want illegals gone! 1/2
Don't forget that that the WH instructed public schools to register and enroll these kids without proof of residency. They did not sneak in.
Yeah, the PREVIOUS administration, and some of these "kids", real nightmares, not dreamers!
I thought you campaigned against amnesty when you got elected?? Now you are proposing an amnesty bill. No wonder people hate politicians.
We do not want to pay for their education. We do not want them if they are on welfare
Stay at home mom's?
What abt legal skilled immigrant kids who came legally? My son was 14 months when came USA on june 2007 on h4 visa, he is still on visa.
Their parents brought them here illegally. Not us.
It has to end. Not fair to the people working legally to
becoming a US citizen.
ILLEGAL ALIENS! Why do you RINOS care more about illegals than US citizens? Shame on you.
And who will pay fight their higher ed?
If it walks like amnesty, talks like amnesty and looks like amnesty then it is amnesty! I voted for u in 2014. I won't support u in 2020
Q. All these "dreamers" get EVERYTHING handed to them, are American citizens dreamers going to be given as much? A. NO 
VotingYOU OUT.
It'd be a hell of a lot easier and cheaper to just send them home.
When are you going to start working for actual citizens & stop campaigning for perspective future illegal votes.
Just stop already. This is Gang of 8 2.0. I don't care if they can walk on water. They need to go back. Put US CITIZEN interests 1st!
Amnesty increases the flow of illegals. This promotes illegal immigration.
You MUST be primaried
How would you like to be dumped in a country where you knew no one, had no money, did not even know where to find help? I am apalled.
Thank you Senator Tillis!
Suddenly you have a solution - how long has this festered?
Who pays for it? They must pay for their own higher education as do natural born citizens
RAC Act: Republican Amnesty for Children is Still Wrong http://civilcandor.com/rac-act-republican-amnesty-for-children-still-wrong/ …
Stop the Bull Dreamers are getting free rides while our kids have 2 take massive debt via student loans Citizens pay 100% taxes Not right!
You will be voted out for pushing this The voters voted for Trump because of his tough immigration stance Your tone deaf if you don't get it
Did you get a new job all lined up with one of your corp donors prior to babbling their talking points ?
Cuz You're gonna need one !
Yea, because it's really hard to get into college. The Amnesty Caucus, with RINOs like Thom, always to cave to corporate interests. #Deport
I think they should all go back to their parents and let them decide
Why would you want people whose parents broke into the country illegally to be its soldiers or go to college taking other American's place?
How is that rigorous
Deport them you cuck. We want our country back. Enforce laws on the books
No.
Ship all illegals to Syria, death penalty if they return.
Turncoat
WRONG!
* this requires them to take a JOB or a COLLEGE SEAT from a DESERVING American you shill.
So you want them to take a job or college slot from an American & train them in Army? How did training foreigners in Roman Army work out?
Or what? What happens if they don't comply?
Shut it down. Someone primary this cuck
Hey jerk, military a job 4 pay & teaches skills. So now U want 2 yank more opportunity from OUR YOUTH. Unconscionable, #replacement scheme.
@GOP @DanScavino @IngrahamAngle @AnnCoulter
"pursue higher education" on whose dime 
Here is the problem.....we have been at this since the 80's.  Dems want the votes and GOP donors want cheap labor.  Voters get it now!
WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL FIRST WALL
How does the plan delineate those who came here under DACA 15 years ago vs someone who came over illegally just to take advantage of this?
You can not possibly be this stupid!! Time for your career to come to a stop!!!
You will never win another election nor should you have ever won an election. Maybe you can grow tomatoes or something.
Eliminate birthright citizenship or no deal.
congratulations, you've just ensured that the MAGA base will see to your defeat
3 you're a liar
2 your a liar
You're a liar
Ok, give em a work permit, but they can never be allowed to vote.  No? Why not? Oh yeah, that doesn't help you or your lib buddies.
You're a liar.  You campaigned on America first issues, but your more concerned about illegal immigrants than Americans.  You're a liar!
It all sounds very racists to me.

http://8harps.com 
No Amnesty STAND with our POTUS platform we voted for! No Daca no Rac no DAPA no illegals! Enough is enough! America first
End Daca!I voted 4 u not the illegals u r keeping here 2 take jobs from my kids &using my money 2 educate/welfare in Richmond Co America 1st
Thank you for supporting the RAC Act. However, don't take weeks. This needs to be done ASAP. More americans want them to stay than deported.
Blatant lie.

No amnesty.
Resign.  You are a liar and will be voted out.
Is this not a double up on already existsing E O? Will this allow their parents to come or stay as well ?
Please show us the proof this actually carried out & not just written on a piece of paper.  Our gov can't even keep up w hardened criminals.
DACA wasn't compassion, it was reckless. 10k's little children gone missing, found later being used as sex & migrant slaves.
#EndDACA
This is an intelligently written bill that I hope succeeds...keep leading NC strong
NO, these ILLEGAL adults need 2 become citizens. MAYBE agree w/u if that is their 1st step.  Otherwise; when visas expire; they must go.
.They've had 5yrs to get legal status. If they get legal status they lose their free college funds. -
You've lost my vote @SenThomTillis -- I will donate money, work and vote against you in your next re-election! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump

Why are you guys so concern about DACA when Americans are suffering do low wages and lack of good paying jobs!
Undocumented adults?  You mean foreign nationals that entered the country illegally?  You know they aren't going to vote for you.
What are you doing for American citizens @SenThomTillis ? Nothing promised! Get behind our @POTUS or go home!
The senator is helping obama finish off America like was planned! He cares more about illegals than Americans! Why are you selling us out!
Why'd we elect you if you refuse to uphold the law? If you support people being unlawfully present in the U.S.?
And what of the parents, who broke federal law bringing the kids? Will they be given amnesty, as well?
Joining the Democratic Party ?
Are you joining the Nazi, White-Supremacist party?
Still have no right to be here are you just stupid or bought?
Let's take care of real Americans first!
If they joined military they would get higher ed help.  Higher ed is not enough
Sickening! Suck up 2 this low life who gives abrats ass about American children. Why is he a Republican? He is not. Ask him? He is Democrat.
Thank you @SenThomTillis. I know this is not a popular choice with your base, but morally the right thing to do. These kids are American.
The HELL THEY ARE,  THEY ARE ILLEGALS!!!!!
Senator your plan, while more humane than the president's, places these American kids into legislated 2nd class citizenry. We can do better.
Considering the circumstances, I am perfectly happy with this plan
Not bad. I'm all for EVERYONE in this country serving at least 3 years after HS. I know a few immigrants that earned citizenship this way.
How about remembering you work for us. You are were not elected to help #illegalaliens be rewarded for breaking our laws. #TREASON #NoRACACT
YOU LIED TO THE VOTERS WHO ELECTED YOU
You WILL NOT get re elected. People that come here legally should get priority. You support illegals? KISS your job good bye! I'm from NC.
This is a political demand; 1 in 4 unemployed Americans hurt by this; pay attention to the voters who said NO!

When U asked for our vote U said  secure border no amnesty  AND THEN YOU LIED  to get elected. u R a VOTE VULTURE  AND. Liar
I'm a college educated woman thats from NC and I'm going to do whatever I can to get u defeated since you support DACA. THEY'RE illegals!!
Next time you better run as a Democrat you'll never win again ever as GOP
Are you a democrst in republican clothing? Support the President!
We are not providing cheap labor for your door class-sorry-the party'ds over!
Dreamers:
Why should Americans have to compete forever with DACA illegals and their descendants. Let them gift their legal nations w their presence.
Send them back with their parents.
they where not kids when they came thru daca they lied about there age.No more giving to illegals when we have vets dying on our streets
Tillis is beholden to the establishment donors while my sons are struggling in debt. Mr. Tillis, RESIGN!!!!!!!
The fact is if you would have proposed this AMNESTY during your campaign YOU WOULD NOT BE IN OFFICE. That makes you unworthy of your office!

I wouldn't so much as mind if I only knew that future illegal immigration wld be stopped. Unfortunately we the ppl cannot trust pols 2 do it
So breaking the law is a requirement of your bill? It is illegal for employers to hire illegals.
Not in Thommy's world. He's a Corp Pig.
People hold your Senators to what they ran on this is a new America a better America and the only way to get there is to drain the swamp
I'm in construction business and I cannot compete with illegal peoples prices not fair I paid taxes and insurance they pay nothing
This is not what he ran his campaign on this is another swamp monster vote him out
Get them out.ILLEGAL.Parents that brought them,deal with it.period.We will vote all out.They leave period.Apply legally
Enforce immigration laws. Back @POTUS I dont understand why the hell the laws are not obeyed by congress WHO REPRESENT AMERICAN CITIZENS!
you lied to get elected
Secure the boarder first
..."higher ed"...please define to incl vocational training.  This country needs more skilled tradespeople: electricians, plumbers, etc.
Let's be clear Senator, this applies to illegal Europeans, Asians and other Nationalities, not just Latinos
This is wrong on all levels.  I hope your constituents will consider this in 2018
Oh, don't worry, we will! Thom Tillis will never be re-elected. Serving his Chamber of Commerce pals, not his constituents.
If you are so into bipartisanship you should run as a libertarian. We did not vote for you to be so weak. BACK OUR POTUS NOW or pound sand!
Yes at the cost of middle class americans. You guys are done and i voted for you but at this rate not again better off staying off twitter.

Will there be a mechanism to help these youths afford college? Many come from impoverished households.
What about our CITIZENs impoverished households, honey?

It's AMERICA 1st-that's why @realDonaldTrump won, remember?
Illegals not undocumented.  Get it right.
No citizenship/voting. Must wait in line.
And requires funding for the wall?
That's the way it is now we know this that's the rules of DACA
Don't try to pass DACA as RCA no change here
Now Senator Tillis if these young children didn't have a choice to be here they should have every right just like your nephew Travis and I
I'm Travis's best friend and would love to talk to you about this sometime.
Ques what about the older ppl who were also brought here as minors? No help 4 them? Y max out at age 36? Comprehensive reform IS needed.
And what exactly is wrong with DACA or DREAM again?

Punishing people for being brought here as kids is vile.
Thank you, senator.
How about the ones who served in the military who've already been deported?
Does the RAC act include money for a border wall and e-verify?
DEPORT YOURSELF! YOU ARE ANTI AMERICAN!
Zuckerberg Group: 700K American Job Openings If DACA Ends
