
Thank you for everything you did to make this possible!
I'm so sorry for you.
No need to feel sorry for us. We're doing just fine. 
The very fact that you're "just fine" with all of this madness is what makes me so sad for you.  But I agree to disagree.  Wish you well.
Watch the conservative Republicans undermine the United States of America and its constitution #Resist
Stolen seat.  You broke the Senate, sold us out to Russia, complicit in destruction of environment.   How many rubles did you get paid?
Were you in the room when a large group of GOP Senators were laughing their heads off about the Trump Border Wall never being built? Awful!
Also are you aware that you look like a turtle?
Senator my family was going to move to North Carolina in a couple years but policies against LGBT  and now against gay marriage- we are not!
Today, during Passover, Trump and Spicer tried to gaslight America by making the case that Adolf Hitler wasn’t so bad to the Jews after all
Like hell I will. Hope you're back in town for recess, Mitch. Your constituents would like a word or two
Did he hold a town hall? He is a chicken shit!
LOL of course not. He lives in my neighborhood & hasn’t been seen out & about at all
Thank you for what you did before and after the election to make this happen! I'm grateful for your courage to do what needed to be done!
Great question I would love the answer! @GOP #Corruption #LoveOfRussia

Just ask B. O'reilly The Spin Stops there! Another Asshat Repub!
HARD PASS
When Trump is Impeached and you and Ryan investigated and charged,  Gorsuch and all exec. orders should be voided! #@GOP #Impeach #Russia
No matter.  In the long run, we will be a progressive society. Your descendants will be gay, smoke marijuana, enjoy universal healthcare! 
nobody cares,
enjoy your 2 week recess, I hope you get millions of tweets like these.
No thanks just had lunch don't want to throw up!
If we could find a way to make you pay back all the unearned monies you got, and future retirement, we would.
you are less than an honorable man, and an embarrassment to the people of Kentucky and the United States.
you own the government now... Now m a me the Damned thing work. Being a lame ass duck  is no excuse for failure.
No secret that you, Newt, Boehner, and others made a pact to block everything Obama wanted to do Prejudiced fools.
Illegitimate justice appointed by illegitimate president.
Aw, shucks. Missed the whole thing.
You twist any rule you want, it will bite you back.
No way -don't want to watch your dark money bend over boy move into a stolen seat. Sickening. #FU #IllegitimateJudge  #fakeprez #russiagate
Merrick Garland will follow you forever
You and your staff lack moral courage.
THIEF - LIAR - CROOK - RACIST BIGOT!  Not my President - Not my Judge - you need to go!!  You are everything that's wrong in this country!
Thank You Mitch! You will be remembered for being instrumental in getting the #Gorsuch appt. for America! God Bless You! #SCOTUS

Amazing what dark money and a pay to play majority leader can do to get a justice confirmed!  Get ready to sell cars after you're voted out
Stolen seat
The only thing u will be remembered for in history is obstructing Barack Obama & pushing through a stolen SCOTUS seat. Not enuf $$ to watch.
The #StolenSeat Justice!
you stole the seat from Merrick Garland.
Retire  or impeachment McConnell
i hope you are voted out. You hurt Obama by not working with him. People need to wake up and vote some of you out
No thank you!!
You're a coward who stole a Supreme COURT seat from a SITTING President & give it to a plagerist put forth by a Traitor #PartyBeforeCountry
i rather have open hear surgery mayan style.

You are undermining faith in our institutions. Both the Supreme Court and in our elected representatives. Thieves.

Stolen seat? No, thank you.
You are an enemy of democracy.
Denied a legitimate appointment to make illegitimate appointment. Liar! Traitor! Thief! This will NEVER be forgotten.
You have forever tarnished SCOTUS. You are a thief. This will never be forgotten.
Can't wait to spit on your grave. You are the absolute worst political leader in this country and are responsible for everything wrong in DC
Do not ever cite the constitution again. As a thief of a supreme court seat you have no standing. You are a traitor.
At the cost of the Supreme Court's integrity.  Reputation of SCOTUS and US Senate drastically damaged by a tyrant.
Hell, no! You should have done your job a year ago. This is a stolen seat you giant HYPOCRITE!
You couldn't pay me to watch that shit.
Gorsuch will never be a legitimate Justice.
McConnell vying for robo tweeter trophy.
Bears repeating: White man who lost by 3M votes gets to pick SCOTUS judge because GOP said black man who won by 5M votes had no mandate
White man?? Racist are we??

2 year old...
U do not care about the American worker women or people of color. Do not know how u sleep at night. I do not hate.  if I did u would be tops
#SCROTUS
Lets talk about your illegal crap with Russia
LEADER???....

Stolen Seat by the king of #hypocrites
I wouldn't celebrate just yet. Karma has a funny way of catching up. #hypocrite
Thief
Is Gorsuch going to mention thanks to the #GOP #hypocrites for ruining the constitution for this #stolenseat?
You have ruined the Senate... Democrates will be in power soon and then you will be belly aching your stupid nuclear decision.
Libya will hopefully reveal a business at 10p. Information additional supposedly defended me on the 8th. Rude!
Perhaps you will be tried for treason and executed along with Trump.
you mean MERRICK GARLAND'S seat?
The man you destroyed our country for, and you are too lazy to show up lol. P.O.S.
Great job Senator!
You are a thief!
no thanks I'd prefer not to throw up my lunch
Stolen seat; rigged vote. Way to smash out democracy
Merrick Garland
awesome job
Watch live the man forced through as #SCOTUS by thieving Republicans and the most despicable man @SenateMajLdr #karma
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
@IndivisibleTeam @Indivisible_KY3 You will be remembered as the man who destroyed senatorial balances. #2020done
Dirty politics.  #illegimate
No thanks - illegitimate SC justice, appointed by illegitimate potus trump. 
you should be investigated for obstruction.
THANK YOU LEADER MCCONNELL, HE IS WONDER JUSTICE.
screw u McConnell! You stole that seat. In less than 2 yrs you'll lose control of House n Senate. Karma is yours
Thief Justice brought to us by Thief McConnell & millions in dark money. What a legacy McTurtle!
Today, the Constitution and Justice prevail!
Big hypocrite! Big disgrace for this country and for our judicial branch! Forcing a judge! Just republicans like you can do that!
The GOP are all traitors & thieves & you @SenateMajLdr are complicit in it all SHAME SHAME not that you have any
You are a crook and he is an illegitimate justice.
I will watch live as the haul your treasonous ass to jail when you're charged with conspiracy
Great day.
No thanks. I don't like true crime TV shows.
Your President may be guilty of TREASON.
You will go down in history as the man who broke the Senate. You chose power over country & was supportive of #russiagate. Your legacy is .
Corrupt @GOP
#Trumprussia We now know your part in it, Mitch and we are very angry Americans #resist Mitch's propaganda
WATCH LIVE @SenateMajLdr eff over the entire country
You have no shame. Merritt Garland should have received a hearing before Gorsuch. You almost lost your last election. There's always hope.
History will remember you alongside names like Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr. Congratulations you just graduated from footnote.
Stolen seat. Illegitimate #SCOTUS
Great job Senator McConnell!  Gorsuch would not be there today without your leadership.
Why would I want to watch one of the darkest moments in American history?
#No
Spare me.
1. Stole a SCOTUS seat, 2. Accepted a nominee from a corrupt @POTUS, 3. Cheated to win. #HYPROCRITE #VoteMcConnellOut on 11/6/18 #RIPSenate
AKA Grand Theft SCOTUS Seat
Stay Focused!  #TrumpRussia

Demand Independent Investigation

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

This is not normal! #StayFocused
No thank you. It should be Garland, but you're a dick and that isn't  happening.
Merrick Garland
Try not tweet during recess
THIEVES!
no thanks not a valid  justice you sir will even if it is with the lord pay for your treatment of the America citizens
? are u gloating? the repubs can't play with the rules, so they change them to suit them! GREAT WAY TO UNITE THE COUNTRY!  #GOPDOYOURJOBS
Watching the swearing in of Gorsuch to SCOTUS. Thank you.
heinous

A stolen seat.  You are a traitor.
You are an evil person and should be ashamed of the damage you've done to our democracy.  You're name will live on in infamy.
- SHAME ON YOU,  SHAME ON YOU
You wouldn't even meet with GARLAND
DO UNTO OTHERS !!
You mean televised robbery, right?
I just turned the channel.  Gorsuch = #IllegitimateSCOTUSJustice
I did the same. Weather Channel is preferable to the clown show.
Seat stolen by the Russian backed confederates. #trumprussia

White, rich, racist men who steal & bully will call Gorsuch "Justice." You treated Garland disgracefully. Proud?
no thanks
