Yes Senator Tillis when can we expect a Town Hall meeting? Will you please post your calender  for August so we your constituents know where
Here is evidence of the success and need for ACA.

Where was the FB town hall?  I tried to tune in, but this link was not found.  Replay?  Provide link.
Maybe I couldn't access the link due to having been blocked?  Do you block those who voice criticism of you?
Why are you DEMANDING that USA increase the number of HB1 visas?  Is it for the farmers in NC? If not, you need to explain yourself.
Too bad it's over I would've really love to talk to you
FYI I WILL NOT BE VOTING FOR YOU. our jobs need to go to Americans FIRST. You are CLEARLY against my president's agenda.

@SenThomTillis Stop wimping out, meet us, your constituents who you swore to represent, in person! #TownHall
We can meet you to discuss recent events and what your solutions will be? For instance this...
Do I have this straight? President Trump wants to sabotage our health care system & cause premiums to skyrocket bc he didn’t get his way?
Many are still working at 5:30pm, picking up our children, driving home from work. Choose a time when working people can participate fully!
Let word here is WORKING people. You know the people you are NOT LISTENING to
When can we expect an in-person town hall? Next Tuesday at 7 works for me.
His selling out America check won't clear by then. Maybe closer to the election.
Stop blocking appointment of immigration director position.
Faux republican holding WH hostage to get more visas? Gonna be a tough 2018. Want more foreigners imported taking American jobs?
Sir. Pls help @realDonaldTrump & We The People by ending your block of his immigration nominee.We need you.Pls don't obstruct @TuckerCarlson
pre-screened questions on facebook? 
I myself would like to know why you have done nothing to stop the extortion of your constituents?
Enough with Facebook.  Come and see your constituents or lose your damn job.

America First YOU TRAITOR.  You're chiiding cheap FOREIGN labor over your constituents. Come 2020 dude YOU'RE FIRED
I have a question:
Do you have a moral compass?
Do you have a sense of loyalty to your constituents?
You're against the blue collar workers of America! Giving jobs to non-citizens! We will replace you!
just read the 75 comments below, seems like everyone is calling you a coward.
Irresponsible timing.
Why not an ACTUAL TOWN HALL??? Expect a call and email tomorrow this is unacceptable!
just heard the White House is a dump? what's going on?
COWARD
Why are you so afraid of facing your constituents?
Thom, how about a real live face-to-face town hall meeting? This FB crap is BS. Ashamed of your record? (You should be). #pathetic
Where is our Town Hall meeting?  Face your constituents !
Would that be live at CNN or MSNBC.
why did you put hold on ICE nomination?  Too big of bribes that's why. Your last chance to get rich selling out America ends.
EPA declared Hoosick Falls a Superfund site on Monday. How about Dupont/Chemours in Fay. NC? #genx #genxilm #pfoa #pfas
The way you vote is the only thing that matters. You can NEVER EXPLAIN YOUR YES VOTE REGARDING HEALTH CARE. DON'T EVEN TRY.
What do you think of news POTUS working with Fox to push Seth Rich fake news? Highly unethical, right?
Here is a question - When is the GOP going to stand up to this president so the US can stop moving backwards?
Not only do you rely on these to avoid personal contact with your constituents but scheduling during rush hour guarantees min participation!
Once again fantastic timing. Nobody's still fighting traffic home or picking kids up from daycare then. Finger on the pulse, there, Thom.
Facebook? Really? No thanks.
Seriously? *sigh*
Grow a spine.
Face your constituents in person.
Don't do Facebook. How about face to face.
No on Trumpcare
How about an actual town hall? Stop hiding behind prescreened questions and Facebook.
5b. Since huge % of population has mental health issues, often un-dx'd until violent acts, don't base  reply on "fix mental health" rhetoric
5a.Shootings are out of control. Police fear for their safety due to prevalence of guns. Do you acknowledge this prob & what do you propose?
4.Comment on your POV of 45 & his cabinet/staff & congress. How do you view getting dignity & constructive actions back into our government?
3. What did 45 "negotiate" in regard to Russia sanctions bill. If 45 won't sign, will you support his impeachment?
2.  If 45 manages to fire Mueller, what will your position? Would you then support impeachment of 45?
1. What is your pov on healthcare for Americans?  Do you support coverage for all?  In detail.
Come to Asheville. Would love to speak to you in person.
face the people that elected you.not just your large donors.@RepMarkMeadows.thats all Meadows does meets only with his buds
I hope you really use these questions. They may not be to your liking.
the way you guys are acting is like a bunch of http://hypocrites.school  yard bullies
educate the factory and coal workers so they can get better paying jobs with out getting cancer.
Let me know when you get a backbone and maybe I'll listen.  I know you think you're safe because 2020, but I will show you how to vote no.
help western Carolina get broad band to have better acces to internet. Infrastructure-out roads are too small and broken
choose people over party.we elect you to work.that means working with the other side.
get rid of gerrymandering. This could harm the republican later.allow the people to choose.dont water down just to win
And you get to decide what the questions and answers are. Not good enough.
How about an actual town hall with real people asking real questions?
what is happening to our education,why would you vote to take away preexisting such at PTSD from veterans,cancer patients.cap
how about you come here to asheville and talk to us
When will you demand Trump sign the Sanctions Bill?
With lightweight Qs like last time, e.g., "I'm a vet, pls legalize pot"?  Explain your healthcare vote, if you can w/o exposing Koch loyalty
Do you approve Puerto Rico's recent referendum results on statehood? If you do, what can you do to guarantee the admission of the island.
Still not a townhall. 
Still not good enough. 
We WANT to respect you as a rep of The People. Please give us a reason.
Can you remind me when your in person town hall will be? I have a lot of important questions to ask you.
Sounds like your afraid to really get in touch with the people! They don't bite but do speak their minds!
The People WE RISE!
I'll TRY to get home from work in time. Too bad for your LKN constituents held up by unwanted toll road construction, huh, Typhoid Tommy?
Can't be bothered to have a real townhalls with live questions huh? Coward. Here's my 2 cents. No on repeal.
typical non town hall from coward politicians
@PeteKaliner
