You still haven't tweeted about the CBO score showing that #ACHA will leave 23 million uninsured and raise premiums for the most vulnerable.
Clearly, you didn't read that those #s contain Medicaid recipients that dont pay
My mom has stage 4 cancer, but isn't eligible Medicare for 2 yrs. #ACHA would raise her premiums so high she couldn't afford coverage.
How do you know these facts
We have to do our research in order to survive. What is it about the poor that makes you hate them?
Do you buy your own insurance?
I don't. My mom does. She and all other people on nongroup plans are at risk.
She blocked us...uhm okay lady
You want to defund PP. So where is your support for "comprehensive healthcare providers serving low-income women and children " need proof
Projection was up 8% vs the now 24% under the threat of ACA repeal. This is on your watch.
And what do you think cutting $800B from Medicaid is gonna do to affordability? Did you pass first grade? Or are you just a liar?
What we need is a 1 payer system Medicare for all. Until then, we want the exact benefits that you have.
State the whole story...it's because Congress isn't funding the subsidies!  For BCBS to do the right thing so do you!
Yes, but #ACHA is not the answer.  Bipartisan fix for #ACA should be the focus...or give us single-payer.
Senator, BCBS NC asked for this a couple months ago right after they already had an increase.  Please let us get insurance from across lines
Remember last week when you passed out? I wonder what the ambulance ride will cost under #AHCA.
He doesn't care about other people, Insurance Industry gave him $75,000 to be a mouth piece for them. He is a corrupt greedy political hack.
So right. Vote him out of there when the time comes.
Reform isnt what is being offered!
Yes we need reform, like give everyone healthcare through medicare. The rates were going up for all plans. ACA because not enough joined.
Reform yes- but the campaign promise of "more coverage for less money" was always a load of BS. Something has to give.
Be part of the solution. Why should it be okay to propose AHCA phase 1,2 &3 when ACA doesn't get phase 2? Stop obstructing and do your job.
Duh
#RepealObamacareandDeregulateOnly!  #UnitedForFreedom!
You realize they have ALWAYS raised rates long before #ACA
Then my family will not have insurance.Honestly, I believe that Republicans want to continue Obamacare!There is no evidence to the contrary
Universal Healthcare would fix that.  #Trumpcare definitely won't.
BCBS of NC rates increase every year for regular employers by 15% or more so no surprise, not ACA related!
#FullRepeal of O'care make our constitution relevant again! 10th amendment!
Open free market is the only solution to U.S. healthcare. #getthefedoutofhealthcare #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
Oh go fuck yourself Tillis this is intentional sabotage by the bloated man-child currently occupying 1600 Pennsylvania
I will drop my ACA coverage and take the risk rather than pay more
Yes, we need reform. But make sure the reform works for ALL NC families. Work with @NC_Governor
Crossing state lines for insurance would help insure there is no monopoly, theoretically.  Something I thought the Feds did back in the 70's
Repair Obamacare instead of threatening to not fund it
untrue. if it had been funded per the law as passed, the increase would have been 8.8%.
What it  means is that you need to stand against Insurance companies and demand that they offer affordable plans.
PASS THE HOUSE BILL WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Actually it's just proof of the administration's vow to sabotage the ACA
What will they increase under AHCA?
Sen Tillis - Trumpcare is NOT the answer!
Wonder how it would have been if GOP had set up state exchanges & expanded Medicare.  Your party wanted it to fail.
Is this a joke? You didn't have any problem "taking advantage" of the system last week? Or did you pay out of pocket?
Agreed. When are you going to get it done?
BECAUSE YOU GUYS MAKE IT WORSE & WORSE UNTIL YOU COULD JUSTIFY REPEALING #ACA y'all have NO shame! Literally killing people via legislation
Yes, someone should do something about this! If only the GOP Congress could legislate ... something.
News&Observer article: BCBS says increase would be 8.8% if the ACA was fully funded. While ACA is law of the land don't sabotage it!!
Sounds like a complex subject. Perhaps we should all discuss this amicably face to face in a townhall meeting. We'd be honored to meet you.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the budget elements that support these parts of the ACA being gutted.
No, the 1%ers need to pay more to cover the ever growing gap of the poor.
I guess your Republican solution is to just drop those families right? #Trumpcare #wecandobetter
ACA is really working for North Carolinians @GKButterfield
Please don't use their reaction to your actions as the reason for your actions!
They clearly stated that part of the reason is our administration and the uncertainty being created in the marketplace by Congress.
Yes, we need reform that works - #Trumpcare isn't it. Many of us would be happy to discuss it at a #TownHall
No Senate passed Healthcare Reform Bill - 125 days and counting! Were we lied to by our Republican Senators? Call your Senator today!
Host a town hall and tell us your ideas about this.
No, now it's Trumpcare. You and the GOP own it. You and the GOP must deal with it. Or was it just a tax break for the wealthy?
What Republicans have proposed works only for the shareholders.
Please fix the marketplace so we have options other than BCBS. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.
Trump is purposely sabotaging #ACA by not paying subsidies that are already in place. This increase is his fault directly! Tell the Truth!
WORK TO FIX PARTS OF ACA NOT WORKING!!!!
What if insurance companies were required to be non-profit?
Yes, Senator @SenThomTillis .  We need a single payer system.  At the least, we need to REQUIRE all people to have health insurance coverage
I am sure you are aware this is the result of rumors that subsidies will not be paid.
Don't blame anyone but the current administration and republicans in congress.
Reform, yes. Replacement no.
Hmmm, I wonder why that is.  This is insulting, do you think we're stupid?  The only reform that works is single payer or fix/fund ACA
Fix ACA
Stop playing games with the ACA and fix it. Your plan is awful and will hurt me and many more NC residents.
Oh Lord!!! Please get busy on that; my husband and I are already paying $1500/month for coverage. #SelfEmployed #ACA #TrumpDontCare
You should convince your former colleagues in the NC legislature to work with @RoyCooperNC to expand Medicaid and set up an exchange, then.
I'd love to discuss the disaster that is AHCA with you at an in-person Town Hall. Pls vote against.

Call Tillis to keep ACA: 202-224-6342
"Reform" meaning a universal, single-payer system like the rest of the developed world? Please say yes.
No it means you need to 1) stop undermining healthcare for political purposes and 2) stop putting insurance companies ahead of us
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
I agree Senator! 100%! But the AHCA is not it. Do you really want healthcare reform? or are you just pushing your partisan agenda?
Why is House GOP suing to block cost sharing payments? 
Suit is forcing a 14% surcharge on your constituents.
What have you done while in office to make the current law work better for your constituents? #politicsofobstruction #donothingGOP
Did they release the rate increase for those of us who have BCBS not through the government strongarm system? Just curious.
I believe they stated rate increases due to repeal threat to OCare. Don't try to whitewash public.
Reportedly this would be 8.8% if cost-sharing payments were guaranteed. The problem is in the white house. Don't blame the ACA.
Can't the NC Department of Insurance-or some other department work to get a better deal? Who is encouraging young healthy people to sign up?
That is what the ACA insurance mandate did-encourage younger, healthier people to sign up. #Trumpcare #AHCA stripped that out.
True - but States could have done a better job of selling the ACA.  Like Kentucky.  The other way to do it is auto-enroll - a GOP idea now.
Is auto-enroll part of AHCA?
Was listening to CNN this morning and heard a Senator? (don't remember who it was) talking about it.
The AHCA does not work for your constituents with ore existing conditions or are in the 50-64 range per CBO.
The cost increases you are talking about are specifically because the threat of the AHCA aka Trumpnocare.
We need single payer system.
The #AHCA is a regressive hot mess. Common sense #ACA reforms are better.  #SinglePayer is the solution. #EmbraceReality #DoTheRightThing
I agree
GOP has done all poss to break ACA vs improving to ensurr tax cuts for 1%. Doubt GOP Senate plan much better than disgraceful House plan.
Will you be discussing the CBO score on the House bill and how that impacts NC families?
Well, the ball (of hand soap) is now in the Senate's court. The house's plan is a cruel joke. Now'a your time to shine, Tillis. (Face palm)
So fix the ACA. Your latest plan to replace the ACA is a disaster!!!
Fueled by threats of withholding of Fed dollars
if only this state accepted ACA we would be so much better off.  Let's discuss at your in-person town hall.
I think BCBSNC placed blame clearly on the games being played in Washington by GOP... maybe start there?
And what alternative do R’s have Senator? Putting millions off of health care? Unaffordable rates for pre-existing conditions? Really?
