Sen. we have a very very serious problem.  The GOP is lead by a maniacal racist, hateful, vile man.  Please take some action.
Senator, please verbally condemn the group you speak of. Do not follow the steps of Trump as he has not made specific who he condemns.
Speak directly.  Bannon, Miller, And Gorka have no business in the WH.  They are part of the problem, and frankly so is McConnell & Sessions
Call it by name, Senator. The hate, bigotry, and violence came from white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and all 'round bigots.
Thank you, Tina.
sir, you seem to choke on condemning white supremacists by name. Why? #Charlottesville #WhiteSupremacistGOP
Good start but where is your condemnation of the Klan for this atrocity! Standing with the Prez is standing with Klan - not my rep!
Please call it what it is - domestic terrorism by white supremacists. Then do what gets us back to what America does stand for.
1st of my NC reps to speak on #Charlottesville so thanks. To be clear, though: by bigotry you mean white supremacy, right?
Exactly. It's the White Supremacists who are despicable, right? Say their name @SenThomTillis #Charlottesville
While we're speaking of white terrorism & white supremacy, where have you stood, historically, on issue racist gerrymandering?
Depriving groups of people a voice in elections is why we're watching events like this unfold.
@SenThomTillis loves gerrymandering, I bet.
Oh he does, he is also one of the main authors of the "surgical targeting of black voters" NC voter law from a couple years back.
There you go. @SenThomTillis LOVES GERRYMANDERING!!
Please comment on where you think Donald Trump stands on this issue.
Remove this disgraceful man from being Commander in Chief.
But we have Nazis in the White House!
@SenThomTillis - waiting for you to condemn neo-nazis, white supremacists, and the KKK by name.
Good start. Now call them out by name. Encourage others to do so. History is watching.
That's true, but the GOP did this, YOU are responsible for Trump. Impeach him now before more damage is done. Own your mistake.
Have a seat Thom. Your president put white supremacists in the White House. What did you expect would happen?
Remax retweeted my tweet, so apparently spelling and reading comprehension are hard for their agents. 
How about calling Nazis Nazis. They stimulated the violence following POTUS. It's time for you guys to get off the bench and #impeactrump
Thank you for your stand against white supremacy and hate groups.
Then intro legislation clearly statg white supremacy/its statues hve no place NC/US. Opt 2 - keep but state "traitors who acted against US"
We've had enough of 45! Please remove him! He's truly a danger to all we hold dear as Americans. Happen to catch him on TV just moments ago?
Sorry Senator the white supremacist have become even more emboldened with the election of this president. The GOP has helped flame this hate
Put your money where your mouth is and impeach the Nazi sympathizer in the Oval Office!
Trump is causing harm to this nation. It has become a national disaster. When will you Do the Right Thing- put our country over GOP interest
When will politicians like u urge the @POTUS to declare ANTIFA and BLM terror organizations there is violence where ever they go
The US army and my relatives who fought in WWII were anti fascist fighters, and they are dishonored by cuddling up with racist neo Nazis.
You DO mean the nazis, right? The kid who murdered an innocent woman, the thugs who beat a teacher? SAY SO. Otherwise, no credit for you.
Thank you for your message. As a constituent I want to be sure you are speaking of white supremacists, correct?
Senator, DACA is Important & We Need to Protect the "Dreamers" Who Were Brought to Our Country By Their Parents. Do Not Ruin There Lives!!n
And what are you going to do about it? Like say actions ....
Thanks for making a statement, looking forward to specificity on who you condemn and your actions going forward to reflect these words.
Your Pres has gone off the rails and doubled back in defending Nazis and White supremacists.  STOP supporting this monster
Domestic white supremacy terrorism @SenThomTillis .  Those are the words you forgot to use.
Yes - FROM ALL SIDES. Antifa and BLM also are TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS. You and other Repubs better start standing up and saying so.
So what are you doing about it?  How bout a joint statement with @SenatorBurr and Rev. Barber to start?
Thank your leader @realDonaldTrump for encouraging these people. David Duke said today they all voted for Trump to take their country back.
JUST in case u ignored Alex's response to u. and it's you too that's despicable and HATEFUL. YOU own what happened
1) You oversaw racial gerrymandering in NC as Speaker of the State House, discriminating against Black ppl w/ "surgical precision." https://twitter.com/SenThomTillis/status/896447214490443776 …
If you support Trump, WHICH YOU DO, you support racism, bigotry, anti-semitism, white supremacy, nazis. You are equally guilty/responsible.
So what are you doing about it?
Words are good, action is better. Trump enables white supremacists & undermines our democracy. Demand he resign or take steps to remove him.
Time to take another stand against 45's cuddling with the alt-right.  We need your voice in NC.  #GSO
They are terrorists pure and simple. Stop tiptoeing and call them that.
Please encourage Mr. Trump to remove the alt-right from the WH and condemn the white supremacists.
Thank you @SenThomTillis for this statement. And you'll start working against voter suppression in NC, yes? #standwithCharlottesville
All these extremists groups must be stopped.  KKK , Black Panthers, ISSI , Black life's matters are all terrible terrorist hate groups.
Tom tillis go back 2 the hole u came out of and don't do any thing 4 the nx 3 yrs you'll not b reelected in 2020
thank you!!
Say what it is:  White Supremacist/Nazi Terrorism!  It will destroy our democracy. Be a Leader, stand up to Trump & WH radicals on WH staff!
Then stop covering for Trump.  Your silence on his bigotry, misogyny and overall indecency makes you and all republicans complicit.
Say it, say white supremacists... and perhaps do something about the current administration as well.  You work for us not for Trump.
This has been EXACTLY what America stands for, and no one would elect you if they weren't sympathetic to it on some level.
It's what you and your party stand for, and you know it.
High time to fire Bannon, Miller, and Gorka. If these 3 keep their jobs then you also then support White Supremacy.
Yet you support him. Such a mixed message. #WeSeeYou #VoteHimOut
See how easy that would have been to say!
DHS tried to warn us of the threat of white supremacy, but YOUR GOP forced withdrawal of the report. You're part of the problem.
#domesticterrorism
You failed to mention the groups spewing the hate and bigotry. I will do this for you. 
White Supremacist
KKK 
Nazis
#Charlottesville
Great. Now have our President condem what is happening in VA.
This is literally happening because people like you are supporting a racist & hateful political agenda, Senator.
It doesn't matter what kind of surpremacists your talking about it's all Sin. Quit tap dancing!
Call it white supremacy
It represents exactly what the GOP stands for. Here's a reminder
Thank you for taking a stand against white supremacist ideology.
Denounce the Nazis and White Nationalists by name. Say it, don't dance around the words like the president is doing. SAY IT!
I'm a constituent, & I'm astonished that you're following Pres.Trump's harmful lead by NOT denouncing white supremacists/nationalists. Shame
To condemn it, you MUST NAME IT. You're NOT naming it.
Not enough sir, not enough. Call it what it is, white supremacy and call it hate & condemn it strongly.
Say nazis, white terrorists, etc. stop being blurry. Say their names.
Roger that Thom!
Condemn Nazis, the KKK, White Supremists! Name them, and blame them! Silence is complicity!
Sen Tillis took the long way around, pussy footing with a weak denunciation of yesterday's events.
Agree but 2 things need to happen have new media tell the complete story  do away with all memorial so we cannot learn from past.
Stop supporting our bigot-in-chief then, he is enabling this hatred and all of GOP is complicit. #impeachtrump #25thAmendmentNow
Than start to do something about it you complicit and useless sod.
Words are great. Actions are better. Do something.
Couldn't agree more.
Do you disavow white supremacy? Will you call this what is - terrorism?
Unfortunately the person we elected as president says otherwise. 
But you'll take that Nazi & White Supremacist money and vote the way they want you to vote because power over country
The silence of your party and your President speaks volumes
This is the opposite of what America stands for, but is completely in line with the Republicans.
Do you mean the domestic terrorism perpetrated by white supremacists? If so, say so.
Why didn't you name them? Was expecting a Facebook post. I've seen none.
If you mean White Supremists who organized & arrived armed to the teeth to commit violence agst other Americans, you should say so. Step up.
Thank you for speaking out at this key moment. Real leaders are born, not elected and propped-up. @realDonaldTrump fails us again and again.
Thanks for making a statement. Please clarify if you're willing to name white supremacy terrorism as a threat.
Say "white supremacists". Say "terrorists". Call it out!
And yet you continue to support this "president" who made hatred, bigotry & violence the centerpiece of his campaign. Sad.
You have failed to mention that it is violence and murder committed by #altright and incited by 45. @SenatorBurr is silent period.
As your constituent, I ask you, what about the hate that spews forth in djt's tweets v. whomever is "against" him - do you condemn that?
Senator, America Belongs to "WE THE PEOPLE", not the KKK, Nazis, and Other Hate Groups, and we are going to TAKE BACK OUR COUNTRY!
But you encourage it by having a Bill to allow the "running down" of peaceful protesters. Not sure which side you are on.
Then you should stop normalizing the hate and bigotry that originates from our White House.
Say the words "white" "supremacy".   We knew this was coming BEFORE 11/8/2016, and you got behind @potus anyway.  #Complicit
Oh, and then there are the state GOP passing laws like this:
NORTH CAROLINA: 67 elected representatives voted to legalize murder of peaceful protesters
https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2017-04-28/north-carolina-house-votes-to-protect-drivers-who-hit-protesters …
Too bad your whole party has been feeding exploiting racism for decades.
1) You oversaw racial gerrymandering in NC as Speaker of the State House, discriminating against Black ppl w/ "surgical precision." https://twitter.com/SenThomTillis/status/896447214490443776 …
I've been saying it for years: the @GOP platform of hate and bigotry is not American.
You supported promises to deport Mexicans, ban Muslims, and label BLM a terrorist group. What the hell did you think was going to happen?
Knock this shit off. White nationalists are domestic terrorists, end of story.
Now please get back to preventing @POTUS launching McConnell at North Korea and declaring nuclear war on Congress. Thanks.
This is just another politician being reactive instead of proactive on racism in America.... 2018 and 2020 Go Vote!!
Speak out DIRECTLY or SIT DOWN. Name those you condemn or SIT DOWN.
Will you outright condemn White Supremacists? or shall we just infer it while WS read your cowardice as approval?
Tell the fake president
Why are you using such vague terms?   Say Nazi, Say White Supremacist, Say Klan, Say 3%ers. And then stop the racist bullshit in your votes
So does that mean you're leaving the country? Cuz...
agree with all said but Dont understand why authorities let counterprotestors into same park. In boxing if 2nd boxer is kept out is no fight
YOUR president, and the leader of YOUR party, apparently doesn't see it that way, Senator. What will you and your conference do about it?
Show your outrage and call Trump on his milquetoast response.  Then I will believe you.
Really? #Couldafooledme
Our flaw is in the execution of American ideals, not the ideals
You support a president that helped make America hate again. You are part of the problem unless separate yourself from the rubber-stamp GOP
On ABCNEWS ThisWeek you wanted to support Trump's Agenda. You didn't criticize White Supremacy & Alt Right just Like Trump. Complicit.
Too bad the President stands with them. It's disgraceful and unimaginable, yet here we are. Dump Trump
Then do something about it. Speak directly put your political life on the line to do the right thing.  Demand Nazis are removed from WH
Speak out against the white supremacy in the GOP that is behind voter suppression.  Vote against Trump's appointments. You are our voice.
Speak out. Making 1 tweet does nothing.  If this is all you will do...it is the same as being silent
That nasty Ann Coulter called you "an amnesty supporting nitwit" are you going to stand for that?
The bigotry and racism and hate-filled speeches are coming from the White housed. This country is self imploding.  Come on Congress!
Why did trump remove white supremacists from the terror list??  PLEASE HELP THIS COUNTRY
Speak out specifically against the white supremacists bigotry. Vague condemnation is cowardly
The hate and bigotry is coming from the White House!!! Open your eyes and help us here!!!!
So....still unclear whether you are condemning the KKK, neo-nazis, and white supremacists or decent people who oppose them. #CowardlyTrump
White supremacists = domestic terrorism. Prosecute! Hum, though your president supports them! IMPEACH NOW!
Thank you for speaking against hatred, bigotry and violence.
Excellent, Sir.  Now, if your President were to say the same...
By whom?! I know it's hard but I know you can say "by the White Supremacists!" Terrorism in Nice and London. #domesticterror #charlottsville
Thank you, Senator -- but you should specify that by "despicable bigots" you mean "neo-Confederate Nazi white supremacists."
Wanna say white supremacists...u can't do it can u?
If so despicable then the leader, DJ Trump, must be held accountable and charged with terrorism and murder!
Thank you for speaking out. But. Say their name. White Supremacists. Rise above Bannon. Trump. Sessions.
Thank you for speaking out against the #Chalottesville rally but by bigotry, do you mean white supremacy? Please be specific.
Well said, Senator. Thank you.
Senator, Call the EVIL by its Name. #WhiteSupremacists #KKK #neonazis #Charlottesville
HEY your favorite boy (assrump) is the one who empowered them to do this shit.
do you expect the King of Bither movement to now take a mulligan, Hawaii,"punch 'em in the face,  elected using hate division
Call them out as terrorists and white supremacists. Stop endorsing the Trump agenda (he encourages this rhetoric). Use your power for good.
Thank you for speaking out against racism even when @POTUS will not. I hope @SenRichardBurr will also condemn racism eventually. Terrorism.
Then quit enabling the rhetoric by supporting Trump
Wonder why your President doesn't say that, Senator.
Who are you condemning here?
Empty words from the architect of our Alt-Right NCGA.
#ICYMI - #NC House Votes to Protect Drivers Who Hit Protesters
But it's exactly what the @GOP has cultivated for decades. You own this, Senator.
Are you willing to call it domestic terrorism committed by neo-nazis? Take it to that next step
You forgot to  use the words white supremacists @SenThomTillis shame on you
This display of white supremacist bigotry and the resulting violence cannot be tolerated!
Take a real stand and impeach their leader.
I appreciate that you at least said *something*. And I appreciate S. 1741, but you & other MoCs exist as a check to this kind of admin.
Unfortunately you (and we) don't have the luxury of moving slowly. They aren't.
Almost. But how can you fight a problem if you are unwilling to call it by its name? (Sound familiar?). Say it. White nationalism.
This statement is hollow and disingenuous unless you do more to stand up to the root cause - the admins normalization of hate and tyranny.
How did you feel as Speaker when you wrote a legally racist "with precisos surgical precision" district map? Will you make up for it now?
Thank you @SenThomTillis For speaking up. "The time is always right to do what is right". Let's start doing!
Did u come out against antifa and their repeated violence?
So when are you calling out the terrorists because both sides didn't do it. Or would that cost you your base?
Glad to see my senator condemning white supremacists and neo-Nazis. That's what you ARE doing, right? You don't actually name them...
Did u say that when antifa went nuts?
Thank you for speaking out, Senator Tillis. Now stand against it.
I agree, Senator. Please call it white supremacy or Nazism. Thank you.
.@SenThomTillis thank you for speaking out against this #hate. #Charlottesville #indivisiblesNC
Own it @SenThomTillis. Lack of integrity, anti-intellectualism, MAGAbull, you own what you have done.
All Trump supporters responsible
Maybe electing a POTUS who took 3 days to push off the KKK's endorsement was a shitty idea?  Maybe you should consider distancing yourself?
Our nazi/white supremacist  sympathizing government will not protect us from right wing violence. Therefore, we will protect ourselves.
Double-speak Tillis. At it again.
Thank you for taking a stand. Now, how do we turn today's events into positive change?
Tell me senator which "side" are you on?
Ever boomer commenting on this thread suffers from brain damage
Protesters were peacful until antifa showed up. Isn't that ironic
Call them what they are - white supremacists. And stop supporting racial gerrymandering - you e helped create this.
Acknowledge these are Trump supporters, klanners. Not all Trump supporters are like that but everybody like that supports your president.
By whom? Who will call out the alt right this president has empowered?
You're a traitor to NC Shut Up...you'll be out soon dirt bag...#MAGA
Senator, please call it what it is. #WhiteSupremacists #domesticterrorism
Actions speak louder than words.  Get Bannon, Gorka and the rest of the Nazis out of the WH.  It is the peoples house and they don't belong.
You prefer the less violent racism of disenfranchisement, packing, cracking, cutting early voting, cutting poll hours, etc., right?
Why can't Trump call it a terrorist attack? Disgraceful!
From white supremacists, you mean, right?
Please also use the words neo nazi, racist, white supremacists. And please tell the president he must fire Miller, Bandon, Gorka.
Yes it does.Unfortunately,Trump has encouraged this kind of hate on more than one occasion,&I can guarantee that many of these voted 4 him.
Meanwhile this is the response he's getting on Facebook NC deplorables.
Your record states otherwise, sir.
As does Antifa, blm, etc from the left
Call out White Supremacists, not just "bigotry." Call out hate against Muslims & immigrants. Call out our President for not being stronger
Call out White American Terrorists. Call out the politicians & media who give them a platform. End gerrymandering & voter suppression #ncpol

@Impeach_D_Trump If you don't you are just as bad as he is.
Trump didn't condemn the KKK, white sup.,Alt-Right. He needs to go, he is responsible. If u r a true republican, stand up for principles.
Say it with me @SenThomTillis An act of domestic terrorism committed by cowardly White Nationalist Neo Nazis.
Senator, You support Donald Trump and he and his White National and Nazi friends are the reason one American is dead and 35 were injured!
I live in NC and it is one of the Worst states for Racism and Bigotry, and the State is now know as a "Hate State", which voted for Trump!
How about a town hall to discuss that and many many other things?
Secret code for atta boy?We'll be cutting YOU out w/surgical precision next election!VAGUE statement just reinforces your racist NC agenda
Call it what ever euphemism you like. You supported and pushed racial based gerrymandering in North Carolina, and were proud of it.
Thank you Senator Tillis for condemning this. Thank you.
A domestic terrorist ran down people and killed an innocent American. Like in London & France. Only this was a KKK Nazi Trump supporter.
The far left has been doing this and that's ok
Find your integrity and call it what it is. Racism. White Supremacist groups are engaging in terrorism. Call it radical racist terrorism.
Who are you talking about? It is the racist white supremacists that need to be condemned by all decent Americans.
Thank you Senator Tillis.  When we pledge our allegiance, we speak of one nation under God with liberty and justice for ALL.
You were quiet with the police shootings, BLM rallies, fires and personal property destruction,college campus riots
Don't act like you care! We're still suffering from your gerrymandering--full of hate and bigotry! That is also despicable.
Name it for what it is, Senator. Condemn white nationalism.
Thank you for saying that. Now take action to protect us from the one who encouraged this outrage!
