Thank you for putting country over party.  Please continue to do so.
Thank you
You are my Senator.  Get off it already.  U R starting to sound like a Dem.
Why don't you think there should be sanctions against Russia. They interfered with that election.
Horse .  Did they actually go to the polls & fix the ballot boxes?  Get a grip.  Getting tired of Russia, Russia, Russia.  I voted for u 2
Wow,  a fellow North Carolinian who believes ballot boxes are still the way votes are counted.
As I said we have paper ballots and then they are counted.  If you believe they broke into the counting box then I have a bridge to sell U.
I didn't realize paper ballots were still used in some parts of NC. This last election in NC I used touch screen & in 2012 in another state
I live in Clayton NC.  We circled who we wanted to vote for and then it was fed into a counting machine. You can check it out.
Oh, is the "Independent investigation" over? And I wish you people would define "meddling".
Show us evidence votes were changed-or even minds that were persuaded-due to alleged Russian meddling. Still waiting. #WarPropaganda
Thank you for protecting this country and our freedoms.
Thank you, Thom.  From a hard-core liberal, but a fellow North Carolinian!
Now speak against the absurdly un-democratic steps being used to "debate" health care. AHCA is awful. Don't hurt NC'ers by supporting it!
I'm calling your office today to express my opinion on health care, too.  Phone lines are open!
This constituent thanks you. Would also like to see you support public education, clean environment/EPA, Medicaid, gun control.
Well that is a start. But you still support the man with no morals or scrupals. Time for country over party.
Cool. How about protecting the American people by voting against the new healthcare bill?
It wasnt Russia it was the DNC .Tom we're shopping for another candidate to replace you, your NOT doing the will of the ppl from NC
Thank you! Bipartisanship is more important than ever. Please keep it up by working with @SenateDems to reform #Healthcare #ncpol
There is hope for you yet. Now take a look at the executive branch with an equal amount of concern. #ForgetTheRubberStamp
Thank you!!
Thank you for taking this issue seriously. We here in NC hope that @SenatorBurr and you will rise to the moment and stand up vs tyranny
Great!  Now vote No on Trumpcare!  Americans should not lose their health care or get a watered down version.
Thank you!  The Russian interference in our election is a threat to the heart of Democracy!  We must have credible elections, No Russians?
As your constituent, I applaud your decision to put our country over politics. Russia must be held responsible.
Is that what the Koch brothers told you to do?
Thank you, don't stop!
what meddling? is the US meddling less in Russia than Russia in the US? cumon!
This leads to a question of ethics: Do sanctions hurt Russian civilians or the people in power who were behind the hack?
Let the bipartisan look into the rest of the Russia issues continue. #moralresistance
It's time to get busy with the work of the people, NC is watching & waiting. I don't think you are going to make the cut. Resume time coming
When are you going to vote on healthcare and lower corporate taxes? Didn't notice Russia. Do something for your voters. #taxes #Obamacare
Thank you!  Please also protect our existing quality healthcare through exchange/tax credits and our quality education in Weaverville!
Thank you. Would appreciate you voting against the AHCA. We need improvements to ACA, AHCA makes things worse.
When will u and Burr stand up and say there was no Trump collusion with Russia? Seven months of investigation and there is nothing there!
Please move on from Russia! The only hacking and meddling was the DNC and rigging it against Sanders. It's time this is put behind us!!
Thank you Senator from an independent constituent!
Please do what you can to end the work visa programs that are allowing companies to employ foreigners instead of U.S. citizens. America 1st!
@SenatorBurr Where is the evidence? Good God man, the emperor has no clothes! Now get to work and stop wasting time & $ on this nonsense
Thank you. Please continue to put #CountryOverParty 
While were chatting, I'd love to see the new health care bill.
That's good but more is necessary.  45 et al. need to be thoroughly investigated for collusion.  Don't impede that.  Support it vigorously.
What does "collusion" mean exactly? Is that code for America didn't want another useless Democrat?
Promising. Thanks Thom. Will these sanctions prevent further meddling?
Can we have sanctions against the @DNC for meddling in the primary & refusing to allow millions to vote,rigging it,not counting votes, etc?
how about an investigation into the 2016 election!
Wow you mean it wasn't CHINA?  And who publicly asked Russia to hack DNC? Sounds like... orange menace
Now  I expect you not to vote in favor of any healthcare plan until the public is fully aware of the parameters and there is a CBO score
Thanks! #CountryOverParty is crucial to our democracy!
Took u long enough to take the first step. 
Wake up
Thank you! Keep uncovering the truth.
As an NC resident, I'm glad you're on a honorable path.  THANK YOU for doing the right thing.  I hope this is the start of a new you .  GL
Where's the proof? Tired of dog and pony show, Russiax3 But no evidence has been listed! How did Russia meddle w/election?
Good for you!
I am amazed. Please support efforts to improve our electoral process and to find out that extent of what was done.
Great. What are the sanctions?
I agree & I would love to meet you in an in-person town hall to talk about what we agree& disagree on. looking forward to the discussion.
So we agree that since Russia meddled in our election and the "winner" of election is in bed with the Russians the "win" is illegitimate?
There's no proof. Smoke and mirrors
Nice! Travis and I will be pleased 
Thank you. #CountryOverParty
When are you spineless GOP members going to grow a pair and quit allowing the dems control when they're the minority, last 8 years not enuf?
What about all the other countries whom meddled?  Importantly though none of which had any influence or the ability to change any votes
Пезда
Wow--the first bipartisan thing you've done. Bravo. Keep up the good work. Now show us that healthcare bill.
Hollow vote unless you vote against Trumpcare.
Please let this be the start of a trend of you putting country over party. Thank you. -- Concerned Constituent
Good
NOW GO AFTER assrump and its cronies as well.
