It would be great to have a President who condemns domestic terror and stands against racism, but we have Trump. GOP: don't be complicit.
We've been torn apart for a long time. We need leaders to bring us back together. Love you.
@SenatorBurr chose NOT to, SAD! "HEILTRUMP" is the REAL story! #trumPIGnorance is dangerous #altright jerks admire @putinRF #treason HATE
@SenatorBurr chose not to! "HEILTRUMP" is the REAL story! #trumPIGnorance is dangerous #altright jerks admire @putinRF #treason = HATES US!
Remember how this mess was started not hate but SOROS MONEY
Sir, you seem unable to condemn White Supremacists, in this you're complicit as endorsing it as GOP dogma. #Charlottesville #BogottedGOP
NAME THEM!! 
White Supremists 
White Nationalists 
KKK
Trump 
Bannon
Miller
Gorka 
Sessions
A little too late. We are torn apart. Trump promoted hate, fear, ask his followers to punch people. How did u think this was gonna play out?
You are so full of it Obama promoted hate for 8 years ! And you think this because of trump , brain washed you are.
Yes, Antifa needs to be labeled a TERROIST group! Violence against rallies and protestors should NOT be tolerated!

Lynching by words I don't care what color you are is unexceptable  . Free speech is free speech . Hate speech or any other kind of speech.
To late 8 years of name calling of innocent  people being called racist homophobes ,islamaphobe and what ever else and know white supremist
This kind of lip service is all we can expect from your party.
And all we can expect from yours is the setting on fire of flags, college campuses and towns in the Midwest.
Your party encourages this as part of an electoral strategy. But a mirror @SenatorTimScott
Democrat party is nothing but hate and envy!
Good. It's time for the blue states that fund this shit show to cut bait.  Fuck Caligula Trump and his klan cabinet & Fuck the welfare south
You mean the welfare north !
There's not a single "red state" that has paid its fair share in 40 years.  They sponge and have no ability to work or produce. Google it.
Read this, please. It is very well said. https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/13/ok-folks-heres-really-happened-charlottesville-everyone-missing/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=seo&utm_campaign=mcs …
Thank you!  I'm physically angry that @POTUS just condoned white nationalism and Nazis.  Where did the Republican Party lead itself
Let's start by impeaching Donal Trump
You're only working with the rioters & our enemies if we go down that road. Trump is hated because he is not following the script.
the Donald isnt hated by haters. haters love the Donald.
Agreed .... BLM, Antifa, and the PCCC MUST be held accountable for their actions!

Starting with leaving our great historic statues alone! Remember what started this whole situation!!!!!!
What was that ?
Says the senator who in a photo was sitting next to the biggest racist..
Your a joke Scott so shut up and go home.
Go back to D.C. NOW and impeach the vile excuse of a human that resides in the WH. If you do NOT you are complicit
Nazi's are evil, white supremacist groups are evil, & Antifa are evil. All 3 suppress free speech, encourage violence. Soros supports all 3.
Antifa is guilty., do something about Soros
So sick of people skirting  the constitution. And when you commit violent acts you become a part of the justice department not the political
@realDonaldTrump claimed Obama couldn't name Radical Islamic Terrorism. Can he not name White Supremacists? That statement was horrible.
Your unhinged, the left showed up and wanted to fight and someone died. Typical violent left.


This. 
YOUR hate isn't "better"/"more justified" than someone else's. Your VIOLENCE isn't right because it's YOURS. 

It's ALL WRONG.
Who's hare ?
Also include BLM
Too late where were you when Obama was praising BLM.
Bs where have you been the last 8 years stoking the fires is what they are doing pitting people against one another.
Why don't you call it by its name and condemned the White Supremacy in America! Otherwise these are bigoting words
you court these types of voters and now you call them repugnant. you are repugnant for courting the hateful. consequences belong on u
this is a retweet, not man enough to call it on your own. shameful
If you read all the tweets (not just here), you will see that there is hate, racism and evil on both sides.  They are all despicable.
Thank you @SenatorTimScott for speaking out against #hategroups and #racism. #standwithCharlottesville
Call these people what they are--domestic terrorist who are more dangerous than ISIS and North Korea. They are bigots and bullies.
We must get you out of Washington, you're horrible! Hypocrite you are and your fake character shines through those lies. Fake, fraud U R!
All of it Senator Scott!!! Trump supporters condemn ALL VIOLENCE FROM ALL SIDES!!!
Sen. Don't know who u are, but if u mean this, I will stand w/our Pres. This is not on him & u know it. These people R against him & the US
What about condemnation? When will someone put a check on that? "The measure you use for others will be the measure that God uses for you"
Police forced marchers down these stairs where they were met by over 1 thousand Antifa BLM terrorist Violence was caused by the police.
Unfortunately, there is a billionaire
 determined to destabilize the U.S. Government. & the Dem.+people like McCain helping him.
Speak to 45. He seems to be the only one who is silent. But you have supported him. Maybe it's time to speak clearly Senator.
All sides!
How about as well as anti free speech grps that come dressed for battle with weapons to intimidate by violence to supress free speech.
With trump,as face of WS racism/hate/xenophobia continues to escalates.  Where will we be in 3.5 yrs?  Impeach trump

Something smells fishy, if alt-right had permit cancelled..then reinstated..then counter protesters show up? This was a funded violence
The Trump Movement has been and always will be a Big Tent movement with one requirement ONLY: you love your country. @DiamondandSilk #MAGA
#blm chants death to cops..police get shot..crickets
Berkley has violent riots ..crickets
#hypocrisy #Charlottesville

hate puppets got a permit, then it was cancelled, then reinstated. Bus loads w/pre-printed signs, same clothes & helmets show up 2 protest?
All!! Thank you, yes all!!
When we devalue racial identity politics; we elevate our common values and interest in advocating freedom and opportunity for all Americans.
Well said sir, condemnation on all sides not just one! And not just words of condemnation but actions to prevent it! Racism is un-American!
Thank you for condemning the white supremacist terrorists.  Now, let's work together to remove Trump, Bannon, Miller, Gorka, et al.
Then u will be defeating yourself and condeming the country. Do your homework. If u compare character flaws, Dems will lose. Be very careful
So when are we standing up against blm and antifa
Tear us apart? Who do you mean? Those who are pushing these things aren't apart of us any more than those following them. It's 2017!
Please start, Senator, by demanding Trump rid his own administration of racists & neo-nazis.
FBI needs to investigate the source funding of these hate groups and shut it down....why are they able to commit domestic terrorism
AGREE,would you allow groups with different views to PROTEST in the same area? He'll no, let police do job keep the peace
Stop trying to erase history let everyone exercise there first amendment rights and the violence will subside.
If only it hat were true. There are forces trying to destroy the U.S. Only an outsider will fight them. This is the reason for the vitriol.
GOD BLESS the USA! http://www.swordofthelord.com  http://www.chick.com  http://www.TheBaptistMagazine.com 
No, what we need to do is throw everyone of you politicians out of Office! Eight previous years of dividing this country!  Hell with you all
Does that include antifa domestic terror and violence?

As long as Trump supports White Nationalists in the WH, our nation is in peril.  #FireBannonMillerGorka
Correct- ALL regardless of political affliations.
In light of today's violence and the @NRA 's recent call to arms ads, it's time for you and other politicians to reject their message and $.
Then you should've felt same way with BLM riots
On both sides.
They r unchecked still and will be until Trump calls white supremacists terrorists.
I didn't hear you speak out.
You should change parties
you were quoted by @NPR
Not all Dems are White supremacist. But all White supremacists are Democrats. Fact. Has Always Been That Way.
Took you long enough Senator, but I guess better late than never.
The GOP enables the hate by accepting Nazi support.
Let's see. A few, yes. Overwhelmingly, that would be most Democrats. Republicans have been cleaning house. Dems should do the same.
While ur right about today's events why didn't I hear the same attitude when BLM was chanting kill whites & kill the police?
Condemnation is just words and talk is cheap. It's time for Washington to DO something about it.
You are a black man in, and supportive of, the Nazi party. I have no idea how you sleep at night.
evil exists on fringe with these alt right scumbags and alt left antifa the rest of us need to condemn this evil in our midst
Yes.  People should condemn KKK, Nazis, BLM, left wing goons.
You have blood on your hands Senator. You and your GOP colleagues refused to fight against trump's hateful rhetoric & racist administration.
BS its you and your Demwits that has all the hate but I guess you call it resist ?
Another pathetic @GOP response!  Grow a pair and speak to @realDonaldTrump directly.
Talk to the President you vited for dummy
I call on you & your colleagues in the Senate to demand Trump fire the white supremacists & neo-nazis in his own administration.
Thank you for calling it what it is.  Something your president wouldn't do.  Look your children in the eyes; think about the impact on them.
Too late and you helped.
The only one who could change and saves this country is Jesus, in this 2 days I have seen something I never seeing before about racism
All hate all racism - this includes all groups that divide, blame, and do not desire peace. Look at our college campuses and our government
Tweet the Grand poo-bah re: Potus, Mr. Scott. U know, the leader of your political party, and the Racists party out there today, by example
So blacks can organize (BLM)  as a hate group and that's ok?  Senator your bias shows through.
Thanks for stating the same obvious
SenScott then why does GOP continue to support & appease Trump even when he fails to denounce racists like Duke or call out evil?

Whatcha gonna do @SenatorTimScott?? Talk about? Meaningless. #censurepotus
Where were you when Trump was spouting his bigotry (i.e. Birtherism)?
Do u really want to compare character flaws between Trump & Democrats? He very careful about going down this road.
Agreed! Now, stand in d Senate & condemn DJT &VP 4 not acting with "fire & fury" against white supremacy & saying it! R u up 2 d challenge?
Tim this is being inspired by @realDonaldTrump  Whitehouse who you support team to call him put tim
Start with your President to condemn the white supremacist you are just blowing off smoke as usual the white supremacist can't tolerate you
Unless you are Trump, then it's OK. Never once has he come out against white supremacy, even had support from Duke himself, and lavished it
this could a much stronger statement by specifically denouncing white supremacy and Nazis.
This evil transcends all races, creeds, nationality & humanity. Evil is as evil does.
Do you continue to support Pres Trump?
You are well aware trump is a racist his racism has already divided our country Why you are not calling for the president to denounce racism
Then please...send that message to @POTUS.
No. There is no moral equivalency. Only one party promotes this vulgarity. One.
You voted for Trump, so you are part of the problem too!
Easy to speak out after an event. Would have meant so much more had you and your party spoke out beforehand #charlotesville
Senator Scott, have you publicly urged @realDonaldTrump to heed your reasonable call?
Will you condemn the white supremacist in chief?  If not, you are no better.
SO HOW DO U WANT TO DEAL WITH ALL THE HATE AND RACISM THAT COMES FROM MSM ?
Can you add the media to the list bc their holding the gas can and pouring it on the fire @jaketapper
The words of former president were healing and full of hope, GOP get your act together or we are going back to lynching 
Go ahead and @realDonaldTrump we all know he is the subject here
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
Then stop posing for pics like this. Or do you just enable racists when they help your poll numbers.

http://www4.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/Donald+Trump+Tim+Scott+GOP+Candidate+President+WA-a1nkKi_Kl.jpg …
THIS.
I rarely agree with you. I do now. Thank you for speaking up.
yes sir! #trumptrain is with you! #CenterRight please also speak out against socialism, seems to be the glue holding the violence together
Your too damn nice to see through the truth
You are absolutely correct. These riots are funded by Soros/Obama/DNC/BLK/etc. Let's get this straight. Anarchy is a tool of marxism.
That's why I stand against antifa.
This is a good start. Please call for the removal of White Supremacists from the White House. Actions speak louder than words.
Finally something we agree on
Thank you for speaking out, Sen. Scott. Pls encourage your colleagues to as well - and to call out #Potus until he does so also
Why have monuments taken down without a voice .. who gets to do that? Maybe someday they will erase your accomplishments if not stopped now!
Get YOUR President on board. #notmyPresident.
Thank you @SenatorTimScott
But those that want a voice and ability to protest should be allowed to do that without violence!!
Left and right both have sections that need to grow up, but those white supremacists weren't protesting. That ignorance isn't free speech
Why do authorities allow these hates groups the right to protest anyway, when you know there will be trouble,so why even allow it?
Yes I think this shows how we all need to come together as Americans. Each individual person has to choose good over evil. 
Thank you, Senator. These monsters feel emboldened because they feel they have support from the president and your party.
The rioters are not supported by Pres. Trump. They were supported by Pres. Obama.
So hold a hearing.
Thank you @SenatorTimScott!  I don't agree with you on much, but I certainly stand with you on this!
Then stop supporting Trump and the white nationalists in his cabinet.
Please address this to @potus @realDonaldTrump , it seems he can reply quickly & firmly about everything but Putin & Hate groups.
The Antifa and BLM bussed in to incite violence. Or the lawfully permitted group or republicans that asked white supremacists not to come?
You stood grinning with @realDonaldTrump at African American Museum. Gave racists credibility.  @SenatorTimScott = @realDonaldTrump lackey
Listen to Black Anthem* by KingDomX #np on #SoundCloud
I really think all this is from CNN/MSM! so stop the MSM/CNN/others from sewing the seeds of hate!
The police have the arrested the driver of the car. Why isn't the media reporting who he is ?
They are...
We must defend #America from everything that threatens the nation. #Charlotesville
Start by throwing the Nazis outt of the White House.
Until you take action against the violent leftist groups assaulting the Right for years you can blow it out your ass Senator tbh
Republicans do condemn their sick followers but Democrats leverage theirs for political benefit.  So disgusting.
Thank you @SenatorTimScott !
Yes, this is truly something 'we need to heed to'. -Standing together for the 'true strengths'  of our country.
#LYLAH #LoveYouLikeAHuman
Orin Hatch had a better response than you. You are an embarrassment. Even Marco Rubio had a better response. When did you lose your identity
I hope you are speaking of the #Antifa and communist leftists , otherwise you are full of it
Those are the same people you side with on a daily basis in the #GOP .. sorry sir your talk is cheap !
Thank you for calling it what it is. GOP fanned flames that caused today's events. Your Pres. has encouraged this.  GOP can fix this!
BS
Tell YOUR president that
Explain his role in this?
Trump lackey @SenatorTimScott  @realDonaldTrump signs in the crowd in #Charlottesville  Get Bannon and Gorka out of the WH. Then talk
It's already tearing us apart. DC, MSM, & career politicians @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC r to blame
WE do condemn it. We also condemn blm who is also a domestic terrorist group. Bama encouraged this behavior. He promtoed hate.

Yes it will
Don't wait until morning for it to burn itself out as usual .

The thing is, the left ALSO has to condemn racism, violence or bigotry when it's BLM, Antifa or any SJW's. They currently don't.
Just like Domestic Violence, arrest both parties that partiscipate in it . Only way to get rid of it .
Talk to you boss @realDonaldTrump that is where you need to start! #Complicit party over people
But but but.....say white nationalist or something
Could you please explain this to your "President"? This wasn't "all sides". This was WHITE SUPREMACISTS. He needs to name it.
Antifa? Paid troublemakers? All hate is ugly.
Thanks Senator!
