May your constituents throw you out of office cc:@TuckerCarlson
You say what we have now works? I beg to differ, sir! Congress has not secured our borders in 40yrs!
Deluded person who thinks our borders our working. How can these people get elected with their lies? #draintheswamp #MAGA
They are #Swampthings, paid off, owned by lobbyists.
I live w/in 45 min of the proposed wall. Impractical, wasteful proposal. Continue w/ technology + Border Patrol + help Mexico fight cartels.
You're worried about "getting support from the other side..." Uggh!   THAT is the problem!  #BUILDTHEWALL 
I didn't hear a word you said. You were so annoying to watch. You filibuster the entire segment with talking points.
I've never seen someone talk this much and say nothing all at once!
They think if they dominate the conversation it makes them right. It's a typical Alinsky tactic and we must stop falling for it.
I mean after his segment, I thought to myself..I just listened to that soliloquy and heard not a thing he said. That's a special talent
HAHA! I understand completely. Not a talent you ever hoped to need.
I agree. With age comes wisdom. I think it's easy to spot the contempt these politicians have with ease
Always seek wisdom! Getting older certainly helps. LOL
You sir are part of the problem! A RINO! You talk a lot and say very little! A GOOD republican challenger should replace you!
Actually no. None of the plans are for a wall that wide.
Not yet they aren't!! But they will be!!
Hey Tillis I have a suggestion for a border security force made up of Republican congress members & maybe we'll throw in a few Fox employees
So you Liberals from outside his area can gather and cry like beeches?
North Carolina is a long distance from our southern border with Mexico Have you ever look at a map?
This Fool is against the Wall which 64 million people voted for, He is against keeping America Safe #ImpeachThe9th http://dailyhaymaker.com/?p=17235 
Sen. you made a baboon out of yourself last night. Where exactly is the 3,000' cliff along Mex border???
I'm trying real hard 2try & understand why a  (R)senator from NCarolina thinks he knows that my state (AZ) doesn't need border wall?
My state has more than 300k illegals, many violent. They get NCDL's so if Tillis doesn't care about NC, it speaks to his whole attitude.
How about real bipartisan immigration reform. Stop the deportation.
But you don't have time to meet with your constituents. #whyYouHiding
ROI much higher when that money is spent on education
What borders in NC aren't safe?
Will you be talking about how @POTUS promised the wall to be paid for by Mexico? I'm not paying for it #TrumpLies #Mexico #DoYourJob
Senator: you are one of the problems in the R party. You should be supporting the Pres w/building the wall. It's the people's will. Dems r 
I live along the border, and it's definitely not MY will.  #NoWall
Mr. Tillis,  You disagree with all the people who voted for Trump!
We want security and the border wall. You are against us!
Trump understands nothing about the border.  A wall is wasteful + ineffective. Ask people who live and work along the border what is needed.
Oh,this will be riveting commentary. Did you pick up your script from Mitch, Senator?
You REALLY SUCK!
Tillis made wild statements about the wall..he hasn't listened to what @POTUS has said. If he is this out of touch, he should be replaced.
Traitor!  What little kickback do you want for obstructing our presidents agenda?? There is a 3k mile cliff??? #FireTillis
You just lost my vote. I am a Trump supporter.
Support the wall or get out of office!
Don't lecture Americans about #buildthewall - you realize you attacking your own base #tcot @TuckerCarlson #TrumpTrain @GOP #NC #MAGA
I would suggest to @realDonaldTrump to endorse an Independent in the Primaries and General against you, even if the worthless Dems win.
Are you in favor of the wall? Do you want us to pay for it?
support Trump -build the wall- repeal obamacare -strong border control -keep out and arrest  illegals this is what we voted for
that should be an easy interview for you.
Anyone that supports the #illegal #GSE #NWS is corrupt! U should b ashamed & NC needs to throw u out asap! Men like u r ruining our country!
Guy is a Establishment Douch. Country club Paul Ryan type Fat cat Donor owned tool. Primary this tool..I will contribute to anyone that does
you know what WE need(as in,we the ppl)?ppl like you voted out of office. #BUILDTHEWALL
We voted for the dam wall. We won in OUR State of NC don't worry so much on the wall WE want but more on the Sanctuary Cities in NC!!
This is quite the conundrum. The fascist Trump supporters are condemning Typhoid Tommy. I can't stand him or the fascist GOP.
It's amazing to hear a Senator make such lame arguments- explain to me how a drone can stop splashdowns by cartels - watch border wars
Like rats, the poor/uneducated, cartels and other criminals will find a gap in the wall and invade us! Walls DO work; Israel, China.
He was DOING the normal POLITICIAN BSwhch made 2of ur GUESTS 2niteIm pretty SURE tht Pres TRUMP knows he DONT hav 2PUT A WALL% across
You must be one of those Globalists hell bent on reaping profits from the cartels by letting them in thru open borders...
Republicans are going to lose the next elections bc they r fighting @POTUS on the wall WE THE PPL want that wall n voted it stop fighting us
Thanks NC! You gave us @SenJohnMcCain 2.0 @SenThomTillis sounded like a democrat making excuses for not enforcing immigration law. #Tucker
@citizens4trump @SheriffClarke @ladies4trump. Senator Tills "Fund the Wall". Period.
U BETTER GET BHIND OUR PRESIDENT OR U WILL NOT B RE ELECTED.WE WANT THE WALL!!WE CALL THE SHOTS N THIS COUNTRY.U SOUND LIKE A LIBERAL!!
We gave Amnesty before to illegals. How many times are we going to be fools for people who don't obey our laws?
you blew that interview.  Typical politician...who we've voted against...bye bye
You say we should punish employers but congress never does it, do they?
YOU'D rather spend OUR  $ on.Who the h...asked you? Did we elect you POTUS?NOPE. #BUILDTHEWALL
The people want the wall. Stop supporting your open boarders friends.  Build and support wall or get out of office
Fences aren't working! Proof,,,,,
RINO!!! Fund the wall or get out of my party!
Jesus we need the wall stop complaining
@SenThomTillis < you are the second most pathetic excuse for a Republican Senator I have seen, @johncornyn being the worst.  Build the wall!
Blah, blah blah didn't answer one of Tuckers questions...same old blah blah blah
What kind of a republican are you, if we the people wanted it you do it! The wall tillis, quit trying to ruin are Pres, and the party?
Vote out Thom Tillis! I'm a NC voter and he needs to be "primary-ed" what a  chamber of commerce stooge and only after 2 years! Good reddens
As a constituent I do not want my tax money to go for building a wall, maybe if you and Trump want one the two of you can pay for it.
The wall in Berlin did not work out too well. What will be different about this one that works???
Why will you not meet with your constituents? Telephone conference does not  cover enough topics!
last time I vote for u
Just watched the segment, wish I hadn't voted for you. Listen to the people for once, JUST ONCE! BUILD THE WALL. Hope u r replaced.
If I did not see and (R) next your name, I would guessed u are a Democrat! And sorry the "Fence" is clearly NOT working in my state of CA!!
#BuildTheDamnWall
This guys special power is the ability to talk without saying anything!
Thom TOLLus the ALEC Chrony Capitalist! He's on the Do not Vote For... YOUR FIRED list!
Apparently a subject you are completely ignorant about
#BuildTheWall  no excuses
Senator-you just got me involved in NC from NH-can't wait to send a check to anyone who'll run v u
No citizenship 4 illegals! Support #MAGA agenda less legal immigration slash size & role of gov BE A CONSERVATIVE!
Thank you for your good sense. Fantasy wall = too expensive & would destroy property, and damage the ecosystem. River treaty means NO GO!
..... Said the Lib to the Lib.
Is el chapo paying your salary? Why so apposed to border wall? Did you get cartel money to oppose from the Rothschild's or Bush's?
Look out, Typhoid Tommy! MfJerdog is butt hurt about being called a racist so he ain't votin' fee yew!!! He obey's Trump now!
You love your globalists don't you? Do you like socialism too? You probably want Barrack to give you a pizza everyday day with domino's
??????what the fuck are you talking about?????? Actually, I'd like for NC to start using their brains instead of being political hipsters
Dude! You're all over the board! You wanna chastise for me saying he's against the wall, but then talk about using hipsters! Wtf?
What else are you personally concerned over rather than the wall?
I'm concerned with illegals not having the "right" to be here! They are here "illegally" is that 2 much to ask? See how long u last in canad
For 8 yrs @GOP talked re repeal replace.. what happened senator? @SpeakerRyan now the wall is 2 expensive! Wtf @TuckerCarlson @us_veterans
Good to see you're getting hammered. Prepared to be primaried buddy. We voted AGAINST your kind.
Be a long stinking walk
It's an excuse the dems are using to get voters. I want my country back and sick of paying their bills.  Build the wall @realDonaldTrump
#BuildTheWall support it! #NoAmnesty common sense wall fine but support it! We need less legal immigration too! Support @POTUS agenda #MAGA
Shouldn't you handle be "swallowfortrump"?
Wooooooo, good one, fan boi!
Well, she passed on TrumpSaladTosser, give that on a try! 
Thom Tillis is awful!!  You are exactly the type of congressman holding this administration back! No wall + amnesty?  Capitulation! Coward!
You will never get my vote again! Im was Ind & whole family is Dem/Ind who voted 4Trump & WALL! We voted 4 u 2 to help MAGA but see you LIED
I understand your frustration. Right now the wall is the least of our problems. The world is a huge tinder box. North Korea, Russia, Syria
You buried your own grave!  Kiss your cushiony job goodbye you RINO!  My family will never vote for u!
Same here for @JohnCornyn   Rino lying sack of sheet.  Build the wall or gtfo
For 8 yrs @GOP talked re repeal replace.. what happened senator? @SpeakerRyan now the wall is 2 expensive! Wtf get w/progr @FoxNews @nytimes
Sen, Tillis wants to stabilize the border not fix the problem,I hope you get a repub challenger Ill be sending them money
Save your $$ for a CONSERVATIVE challenger.  "Republicans" like @SenThomTillis are just Democrat Lites.
We the people voted for you, we the people voted for Trump & the wall. We the people of NC can change our minds on you.
Will never vote for you. Support the wall. You AH.
If you clarify birth right by conception in US,on property,& by US Citzn,eliminates foreign born.
Americans voted for a wall. #buildthewall #stopobstructionism
I didn't, granny. I bet you hated it when colored folks were allowed into the Woolworth lunch counter, huh?
Actually, Republicans were responsible for the end of segregation...
Annnnnnnnnnd what does that have to do with my comment?
I won't vote 4 u again bc ur WRONG about ILLEGALS' amnesty&weak on #WALL in CA. NOAmnesty! Ur LIBTARD in RINO clothing! #DeportALL #TallWALL
Will u enlighten us on why you're protecting Trump & not demanding his tax returns? Or how @SenatorBurr should #BurrMustRecuse #Trumprussia
Sen Tillis, cant congress CLARIFY the birth citizenship, so that we don't have anchor babies?
Yes they can but they refuse to do it.  Hopefully Americans can see this scam and use their votes to help drain the swamp.
My understanding is,a clarification,doesn't require amendment. Need many clarifications!
Sign up become visible, no citizenship, get to keep the job, let their kids who went to US schools become citizens, win win
That's the ticket 

Reward lawbreakers
But the people spoke! Try it the people's way and quit assuming "we on the ground" don't know what we need. #obstructionist
tech and border patrol and be dropped be the next president,Build the wall or get voted out!!
Why do you think he'd pushing for "tech and border patrol?"  Tens of thousands of Democrat voting unionized Federal workers his way.
well he's says hes a Repub so i have no idea other than hes get money from companies that want open borders and cheap labor
We want the wall,,, you do not, therefore you must be voted out!!!  Your a liberal wuss!!!
You were absolutely brilliant on Tucker Carlson's Show.  I learned so much.  Thank you.
as someone who voted for you, following this interview I will NOT vote for you again. #BuildTheWall

We voted for a wall , not what you think is best
Watching it as we speak- You deflecting/evading  lots of legitimate questions- Bad Actor!
E verify useless with sanctuary cities
Build the wall we voted for (Period)!
What is this man doing in the Senate??????
Clearly filibustering the conversation
We voted for the wall!!!  Support it or get out!  You represent us!
We do not want You Obstructing Our President!I own a Home in N. You are Horrible!SOShit
Guest worker program
You can't have partial walls in high traffics areas they will enter in other places , drugs ,,human trafficking terrorism .
You establishment stooge. Build the wall or we will campaign against you!
This man is a fool North Carolina, get rid of him
I'm trying...
Noting to try. He's owned by Fat Cat Donors who need cheap labour. The Guy had a nasty smirk on his face. Primary this Liar out of a Job
I VOTED FOR YOU! I VOTED FOR TRUMP! BUILD THE WALL! @POTUS
Don't go on Fox! Good lord!
California not working , look at their economy. Nuclear material stolen from Mexico ? We want a wall . If it deep enough you'll get tunnels
Another RINO on the loose
Hope u did not talk about building a wall. If u support it a wall will be built around ur reelection to stop u.
Build the Wall. Help Trump fund it. Stop obstruction
Apparently the drain clogged before it finished draining.  Thanks for exposing @SenThomTillis as a Liberal with a "R" after his name.
Good interview with Tucker Carlson tonight. Americans want a wall structure wherever is needed to stop illegal entry once and forever.
Like you know actually jack about squat. Your glaring ignorance is probably why you're hiding behind teleconferences.  Real town halls now!
And Russia Thomas??????????????????
Why not try a reputable news source or a real face to face town hall with us? #coward
You suck
How about “joining” your constituents in a real town hall Senator? Teleconferences are the coward’s way...
Little Horn Trump and the GOP BEAST he is part & parcel of will go down TOGETHER. Soon nobody will be able to continue to ignore this:
When are you having a REAL town hall and where's your outrage over Russia & @realDonaldTrump connection?
