Governor Scott statement on DACA: 
Mark our words, you will be replaced in shame just like @PatMcCroryNC if you don't fight for #dreamers
Thank you. Please continue to fight this. These young people have done nothing wrong and our great state will lose nearly $1.1 million GDP.
Billion*
Sir, pls stand with NC's 27,000 DREAMers and #DefendDACA. If you don't it will cost NC more than $1.1 billion in annual GDP.
My daughter's STEM teacher is a Dreamer. She is wonderful! What possible justification is there for her deportation???
DACA was unconstitutional when Obama forced in on USA.
Oppose Trump on DACA = support of unconstitutional rule of men instead of rule of law
Vote out Tillis protest coming ur way
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 

If you go through with making DACA legal, YOU are ALL DONE! 

GOP Rest in RIP
I hope no one ever breaks into my home, because then I'd have to allow their kids to live with me indefinitely. #DACA logic
Why in the he'll don't you look after citizens that pay your wages and not illegals. That's despicable and pandering
#EndDACA 
#AmericaFirst 

We, patriotic Americans, reject globalist policies that harm our fellow citizens. We reject amnesty!
Since you care more about Mexicans than Americans  go run for office in Mexico
Glad there are still conservatives with heart, who demonstrate strength of conviction to act conscionably.  Thanks for doing what's right.
DACA is good,  codify it and make sure they buy health insurance as well despite Trump cutting the ACA's ad budget.
And "these kids" get free education...my child could afford college
The "conservative" solution is to send them home. NOW
Who is running against Tillis? I will support this candidate.
Keep our promises to our young people.  Support #DACA as it is written.
You're done.
CAN'T repeal #Obamacare but
CAN continue @BarackObama Executive Order #DACA? 
WTF .@GOP???
#RNC is gonna be busy & VERY Broke!
The dnc is the broke party.  You know that right?
Why did you run to change dreamers. Close borders and now you flip? Just to get elected
Hello!!!!! Over here!!! Remember me? The one who voted for you...will you ever advocate for me or just illegals. We have homes Americans!!
Thank you for supporting Dreamers and working on a legislative solution, Sen. @ThomTillis!
Conservative solutions are not commonsense. They are cruel.
I will be heliping what ever Republican primary challenger you have.
Remember, any GOP who supports #Daca supports giving free rides to non citizens instead of working for tax paying citizens who DO pay
McCain, Graham, Tillis. Rinos.
If your DACA solution doesn't also include advanced and effective border security , it will be unacceptable to many millions of voters.
All you guys know how to do is spend other people's $. Last I checked we're broke. Your Dreamer act is going to cost $ at no benefit to USA.
No deals on DACA. You are a target, Senator, for a primary challenge in 2020.
Enjoy your term. It will be your last. Sad  politians don't follow what they ran on.
#NoAmnesty #EndDACA #PutAMERICANSfirst #AmericanChildrenhaveDreamstoo #VoteTrumplicans2018/2020 #VoteOutLiars #BuildtheWall #PutAmericaFirst
@realDonaldTrump has raised the political standard bar. If U don't keep promises, U R out! 2018 & 2020 We the People will #draintheswamp!
You are both #RINO's and I am looking forward to your defeat in your next election.  You clearly care NOTHING for actual Americans.
@FLGovScott is wrong on this period! DACA was illegal & unconstitutional Feeling bad doesn't change that Any GOP that votes 4 Keeping gone!
Enjoy your one term in the Senate @SenThomTillis   You have proven time and time again that you are a liberal
We have laws on the books. Just follow them. Really not that difficult. But, I guess RINOs can't read. I am a NC voter & will remember.
Tread lightly Tillis! Present that bill, & every single active NC Republican voter will rightly call it what it is - a FREE #DACA AMNESTY! 
U have betrayed American people! This places illegals before Americans!

We already have a pathway to citizenship. They haven't followed it
You're on notice hammer time ignorant SOB 
@realDonaldTrump he will be flipping burgers at a fast food chain
Border security must be prerequisite.
Republicans are elephants who don't forget. Not RINOs who turn coat after being elected.
Nothing about you or Scott is conservative.  You are an Obama left over.  Do you clean Pelosi's pool in the weekends?  You're a gutless lib.
Support our POTUS or get voted out of office!
How about you just resign.

http://8harps.com 
How about we just call them what they are: Americans!

You lie to your constituents, you're disingenuous, and divisive.
The Tillis LIBERTY SCORE is a DISGUSTING (F) @ 37%! Obviously HE IS  NOT A CONSERVATIVE. So let's stop with the Rino Establishment Deceit.
Virtue signalling will get you no where when you ran your campaign on lies. Do us a favor and let a non-RINO Republican run for your spot.
You Are A Phoney And Will Be Voted Out .. Americans Are Tired Of Being Last ..QUIT Now And Join The Democrats, Save Yourself The Humiliation
@TuckerCarlson right you're a sell out to get elected. You care more about illegals than Americans @realDonaldTrump call this POS out.
http://Priorities1.Tax  reform2.obamacare fix 3.Infrastructure bill4.Tom Cotton RAISE immigration reform. Commonsense Americans First Sir!
I can't wait to vote you out of office!
We have to retire this democrat republican! Embarrassing
Umm, about the part of higher education. We don't need more snowflakes. Add vocational schooland make it so only ppl under 18 ,DACA 24+
Sanctuary cities are just another plantation 4 Dems. It prays on ppl fear, they r at risk if leave city/state it's chains ppl to a place
4/4 future visa holders,if u don't check in ,follow visa guide lines ,deport,excluded from applying. Follow laws! No exceptions
3/4 then anyone caught undocumented after that,out no Imm hearing,end of story,end of DACA,sanctuary cities,gone.end of this BS
2/3 reg check in. Pay fine for being undocumented,after that they get legal status,no citizenship,no voting. But no fear of deportation
If u secure border, have all illegals register. If criminal,welfare,or using fake ID's deport,those left get 1 year amnesty and 1/2
This is a very important point. We must pass laws to address our problems. Executive orders are not the proper means of legislating.
Executive orders are not stable. They can be undone by the next executive in office and just breed uncertainty. Pass laws. We have processes
Those who chose not to lose status in 2012 to get DACA must NOT be penalized. I have chosen to stay here legally, now worse off. HELP! #DACA
Remember when Scott solved the problem of Medicare fraud.... by defrauding the Gov't and receiving the largest fine in history? Woo hoo
Illegals sell their snap benefits every month but I don't qualify for assistance no matter that my fridge is empty and power being shut off
U should pay my phone bills and electric bills and put some meat in my freezer bc I sure as Hell can't afford it. But illegals sell their fs
I'm so sick of you politicians speaking out for illegal aliens and passing over Americans who are hurting. U should pay my shut off notice
Go get another job and stop asking for Govt subsisidies.... isn't that what right-wing, conservative douchebags say all the time?
This is LITERALLY Amnesty!!!!
you support everything when it comes to foreigners over us!
Roy Moore cannot replace Sessions soon enough.
Campaign Tillis "I am against Amnesty",RINO Tillis "I am in process of amnesty bill"
Na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey - goodbye (2020).
Millions are behind President Trump. Not you. 
American children have dreams too. What laws do suppose be broken to help them reach theirs? Seriously @SpeakerRyan remember 11-08-16? #MAGA
You ran on a promise of No Amnesty; another lie; donor class positions fail with voters

Thom, why didn't you work with Obama to do this over the last 8 years?
Taking care of this is at least more useful than that stupid WALL idea. Keep with sanity, that is all I can hope from you.
Screw US citizens, Illegals come first. Not what you said 3 years ago.
Who's paying you to give our jobs away .
You're  a Trumpist/Mercer/Koch Brothers shill, will never be anything http://more.You  refuse to serve your NC consitiuents.  Resign!
We will mobilize and vote out turn coat amnesty politicians. Americans are against you and amnesty. We will vote you out of office.
You advocate more for illegal immigrants than you do American citizens.  Put your efforts into better education, hungry children....etc
No one was standing in your way at the time...or now.
Do you realize you have done nothing (even tried) that you promised you would do.  Regret my vote.  Support our president.
SAD!!!!   Kill DACA  - laws are laws & these "dreamers" are scamming America on SLICK GUILT BRANDING ploys. #PrimaryTillis
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 

WE the American People put you in those positions and we CAN TAKE YOU OUT

NO TO DACA
we fully oppose rac act it does nothing for the legal Mexicans that came here legally.Why give more to illegals then legal citizens
no amnesty the supreme court ruled
reading these responses you can see how fractured the #GOP is. Half thanking you and half against you. I almost feel bad for you. Almost
I was referring to republican voters. #gop just means grand old party which is a way of saying republican.
I'll go you one better... it's height, not heigth. Height with a hard T sound. Drives me crazy.
Obama did it by executive order because he knew congress wouldn't back it. He had no choice but to do the right thing the wrong way.
You are just another, typical lying no good politician@anotherelected liar that is paid by suckers
Do you think that will give you Rinos cover...think again #voteoutsentillis
This will be you last term!
Why don't you care about your legal, American born citizens, Senator? We have had enough of you! Don't waste your time running again.
No economic imperative to keep DACA! Keep emotions out of it! I'm disabled, I matter!
I'm ashamed I voted for Rick Scott! We need to get you RINOs out of office. This is our country, you miss the point!
You are another RINO and a good example of why we need term limits!
Umm. This miscreant is still in his first term...
we need to discuss,  townhall
Problem is, border will never be secured. Have been trying to get it done for decades and it never happens. Immig probs can't b resolved.
No fast track to citizenship/voting. No way.
I just want to say thank you  for stepping up during uncertain times and being proactive in addressing the problems we are facing. Than you!
They're not children now. They had a chance to become citizens. Why haven't they? Out of 800000, how many R in the system? #RepealDACA
YOU,FLAKE,MCCAIN,RYAN,MCCONNEL ARE ALL http://SWAMPERS.YOU  ALL WILL BE OUT VERY SOON.
Sen Tillis. This is not why I voted for you. Quit rino crap and start listening to president Trump. Nvr vote 4 u again
Thom Tillis is no RINO. He's a conservative.
He's a RINO and he'll be voted out in the next election. We don't put up with RINOs anymore.
