While you issue non-statements I'm at @LevineChildrens with my 4 mo old who is recovering from open  surgery. Are you going to protect him?
Kidding. Of course you won't protect him. And neither will @SenatorBurr. Instead you'll hand him a lifetime limit that he'll hit in no time.
Hope he is doing well. So sorry that you are going through this. This healthcare bill is a human rights' violation.
And... you are not alone in your troubles. Hope that helps you today!
Neither are you! 
Support President Trump
What is your position on the healthcare bill?
Shame Shame on NC!!!!! If the driver who killed that woman did it in NC he'd be home free. NC the racist, bigoted state!
So, is it a net improvement?
Representatives are essentially set to vote for something they haven't read? What is this? You will not get MY vote EVER!!!
Sir, you have also heard from many North Carolinians whose lives have been saved by the ACA. Like mine.
.Per the Wall...this is the new GOP mantra..."we don't care if it's not in the countries best interest..we just care that we get our way"
16 percent of Americans oppose GOP proposal. How can you support? Also, your man Trump is a creep.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  Listen to @tedcruz and @mikelee #UnitedForFreedom
You realize that you're copying the wrong dude, right?
This bill is not a net improvement for this you serve. I don't say the ACA was sustainable long term economically 1/2
But this bill undrserves those same ppl still in financial crises AND takes away the care as well. It is net worse. 2/2 Thank you.
I can't believe Congress is standing for drumpy's absolute garbage. Well as you support him we all know now what YOUR values are.
@GOP #TrumpCare = #DeathByAThousandTaxCuts. Don't sell your vote for 30 pieces of silver. This is a hostile corporate takeover of #Medicaid.
#FULLRepeal is what all of you ran on, fund raised off of & were elected to do. Your constitutional oath of office sealed that deal.
We need to know what your choice is before this rush vote in July.
Following up on this one.
Following up Mr Tillis
Healthcare costs have gone up at a slower rate than before the ACA.  If you work with Dems, the legislation can be fixed. #protectourcare
Please vote "NAY" on this awful healthcare bill. Too many North Carolinians will lose out!!
stop seeking to KILL people by cutting insurance help. REFINE the ACA, don't repeal it! #ProtectOurCare
Do your job ! Represent the people of NC and vote NO on this POS bill
NC didn't expand medicaid under ACA & because of that almost 600K North Carolinians are without access. Talk about lives upended. VOTE NO.
Why are you planning to vote for this horrendous health care bill ? Please explain
Tried to read your statement. Got an error 3 times. What gives? Would love to know where you stand on this atrocity.
Subsidies r just euphemism 4 $ redistribution. Market forces drive costs down not gov't regs [protection, entitlement, insert euphemism]
Bottom line. What happened in Charlotte is the result of the Repub party endorsing the bigoted, hatefilled rhetoric of 45.
VOTE NO! This is one of the most repugnant bills I have seen.! Your parties heartlessness is as sick as 45
I will speak LOUD when I vote against you. IF you stand with this bill. I know I am not alone. 6 days and nothing more.
NC is watching you. You will sink will your President. I am mother of #autistic son. You will not get my vote next time. #TrumpCareKills
What happened to representing the people? VOTE NO!
This is so wrong! How can pubs face themselves? Facing deportation, Hawaii coffee farmer, father of three returns to Mexico after 28 years
Check Senator Burrs Facebook page. Lies for this terrible health bill.  How can Tillis and Burr face themselves. Please Vote NO!
What a great non-answer
What is criteria for improvement? Without, statement is nothing. #BCRA makes premiums higher, kick people off. #SaveMedicaid
So you need to mention us as well in your statement. Or are you not reading our letters?
Constituent here.

Please stop playing the party game, Thom. The people of NC voted for you, not "punish the last guy."
You'll also cheese off a LOT of your base before mid-terms...
Vote no for nc on this bill!
Are you going to pay my $3735.23 each month for medicine. And $400 every 3 months at my Dr visits? I doubt it.
constituent here: I'm asking that you PLEASE DO NOT vote on this disaster of a bill. It's 1/6 of our economy without oversight or debate.
Also - older, low income ppl will pay MORE for healthcare. How do you justify that? People will DIE because of this bill, how is this OK?
Why don't you mention the good stories? The positive. I don't pay more b/c of my gender. My BC is covered....
Show us (for once) that you care about your constituents over your party...vote NO.
Please do not support this bill in it's current form. Hard to see who it would help in NC
How about you give me one good reason this bill will not end up hurting N. Carolians more than ACA? Go.
Listen to the PPL of NC:VOTE N ON AHCA! Facts R facts & CBO=FACTS.We R watching/listening/we vote.  VOTE N ON AHCA 4 UR grandchildren!
as a Geriatrician, my main concerns are an age tax, cutting funding to Medicare by eliminating additional payroll tax.
You sir are an insult to your constituents in the state of North Carolina you are a sell-out  and owned by the 1%. Just like you screwed NC
As a NC resident, I will volunteer my time and money to your opponent if you support this disaster of a bill.
It's his way of negotiating a little something for himself.
Can you define "net improvement"? For who? For how many? For an abstract ideology or for millions of actual people? @SenatorBurr #trumpcare
Why do we have to beg you not to harm the vulnerable in our state?  Why would you endorse a bad bill?  Demand that they make it better!
This empty 'statement' is cowardly. Obamacare certainly has room to improve, but #BCRA is not reform. It is devastating. We can do better.
Current Senate bill does not meet your criteria- hope you will vote no & work to craft a bipartisan bill that lowers costs
Since this one is not a "net improvement", I guess that means you will vote NO?
Vote NO! You'll be killing people.
Per your email to me, "...I still believe that we must maintain protections for those with pre-existing conditions..." So you're voting no?
Keep your promise of full repeal. #KeepThePromise #2018 #UnitedForFreedom
Please read the CBO report, then vote no on this bill that will harm millions.
For YEARS we voted for the #FullRepeal Repubs promised. Instead they give us Obamacare II. BETRAYAL! #UnitedForFreedom
Vote NO on AHCA- you know it is the right thing to do....
I am literally amazed that every US citizen isn't distraught and frantic knowing the @GOP could literally kill millions #CBOSCORE
Why do you hate the poor and middle class?  Why do you want to punish the majority to give to the rich #Trumpcarekills
Vote NO on GOP wealthcare bill!. Don't rob MEDICARE trust of $117 billion to give to the wealthiest 400 people.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
Go ahead, vote yes on this travesty.  Good-bye GOP party.
Please tell me how taking health care away from over a million of NC is better than what we have now.  I'm confused?
The CBO has released their report. 22M lose coverage, elderly costs skyrocket, coverage denials, etc.  The only position on this bill is NO
#ACA makes HC a battle zone, ups$, violates individual rights, ends personal conscience & work initiative. #FullRepeal #FreeMarketHealthcare
Sen Tillis, you have now had time to read it. Please tell us you are going to vote "no" on this horrible bill.
Senator Tillis tell us what improvements over the ACA that the ACHA are - other than providing tax cuts to the wealthy?
Repeal O'bama care. You ran on it, promised it and  time is now. The bill is not perfect but you/the GOP has had 7 yrs to prepare for this!!
Vote NO on this healthcare bill! It's not what your constituents want and they will kick you right out of office the 1st chance they get!
THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS! THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS! THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS!
Vote no
This bill will hurt millions of people in our state. This is NOT an improvement. It is a nightmare.  Please, vote "NO".
Vote NO! Protect vulnerable Americans and do the right thing on this.
Senator Tillis,  vote no. No one should lose Medicaid/treatment  because they have reached their cap.
This healthcare act is not the answer. Many more Americans will will suffer. Please vote against it.
Can't wait to hear the mumbo jumbo you come up with to explain away your health care vote!
Great CBO score - 15 million uninsured next year alone.  Go ahead, vote yes on the g.d. bill.  Good-bye GOP.
Senator, as a small business owner I must say the AHCA will be 4xs worse. Please listen to NC and the hospitals that are urging U to be a no
you cannot consider this bill a "net improvement" - it leaves 15 million Americans uninsured in 2018 and 22 million in 2026.
We are spending over $1 trillion a year more than we should for health care Republicans can't figure out how to make sure we get ROI SAD!
You need to modify ACA and open enrollment across state lines.
That's bullshit. You know damn well, you'll vote as told by leadership and screw NC poor.
Urging you to vote against this bill which you describe so  inaccurately. As your constituents, we are horrified you're considering it.
A yes vote for the BCRA will define the rest of your single term in office.  I urge you to vote against this legislation you know is wrong.
You & @SenatorBurr owe it to NC & the US: this health care bill must not raise premiums or leave people uninsured. We're depending on you!
Please honor your word to protect North Carolinians and vote NO.
"#the trumpcare bill is a murder to 1,000,000 if U vote yes U will be very to!"
ACA needs improvement to be sure so why is there yet another plan that does little if anything to curtail insurance costs.  #peopleb4profits
From your constituency in WNC, to be clear GOP plan to eliminate coverage does not equal providing relief
As a constituent in 27377, please ask for a better bill, vote NO on #HealthcareBill
You voting yes on this guarantees we will be voting no for you for re-election
Vote NO to this cruel health(?) bill You know ACA has saved lies and cutting Medicare is so morally wrong.
What about the countless stories from N Carolinians who were finally able to afford insurance thanks to the ACA?
What about the countless stories from N Carolinians who couldn't get coverage because of the coverage gap?
How much money are you getting from medical and pharmaceutical industry? #Impeachtrump  fire burr and tillis
2020 is only 3 years away-we will not forget a yes vote on this bill.
You BARELY won your seat in 2014 If you vote for this bill that takes away medicaid from sick and disabled people you are done. #KillTheBill
I notice you don't mention the 1000s you've heard from that say this bill will destroy them because they will no longer have coverage. 1/2
Why can't you acknowledge all other industrialized countries cover 100% citizens for half $$ & you're so greedy u don't care to try to match
Vote No on this bill that gives millions of dollars in tax breaks to the rich and puts the elderly and sick in their graves #HealthcareBill
You don't mention Thousands of people who will lose Medicaid benefits as well as thousands who will lose ins. This statement shows your bias
Please do the right thing. Vote no to the AHCA. It is a heartless and cruel bill.
A Yes vote for this bill is a vote to kill millions of Americans.  If you can live with that, go ahead.  Yes vote also a vote for civil war.
Premiums are skyrocketing because profits are skyrocketing. Just fix the ACA- please don't vote yes on this cruel bill.
Vote No! When you cut taxes to Ritchie at the same time as cutting care to poor old people Then We Know What You Really Care About. #ncvoter
I have always thought you were an evil POS. Here's a chance to redeem yourself & save thousands of Carolinians. What's it gonna be, Thom?
Vote not to repeal Obamacare. GOP healthcare bill is disgusting. Shame on you for being part of the MEAN party!
There are compelling stories in these responses. We are counting on you to read them and do the right thing.It is essential that you do so.
It is an embarrassment that a country like ours will sacrifice the health care of millions to save the rich from paying more taxes.
This is not a healthcare plan. This is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor. Tell us, why do the rich need a tax cut?
The proposed healthcare bill is NOT acceptable! Trumps threat of refusal to pay ins co is a huge factor in rising prem. You need reality!
This bill has a 17% approval rating. What does that tell you? Fix Obamacare instead of pulling the rug out from under people.
Please, please vote NO on the #AHCA bill. There is no way its better than #ACA!
State Employees already facing a 23% increase in premiums next year thanks to GOP undermining confidence in current system. Thanks a lot.
This cruel bill does not represent the compassion of the American people.  How about not selling out Medicaid for tax cuts? VOTE NO
Pass it.  Pass the g.d. bill.  Say good-bye to the Republican party & hello to a civil war.
There are many, many people--and not just the desperately poor--who will not be able to manage these crazy premiums on top of rent & food.
Please vote no.
I hope you agree that allowing premiums for those over 50 to increase 5 fold is not a net improvement!
Don't you wish you were half the man that @SenDeanHeller is? That you could be honest about what's in the #WealthCare bill??? Man up
You talk of skyrocketing premiums? My premiums go up 5 times. Please vote NO on this poorly planned bill. You rep all NC not just Repubs
.@ThomTillis: Your pal, @SenatorBurr barely hung on to his seat in 2016. A vote for #AHCA ensures you'll lose yours in 2020. #NC #VoteNoAHCA
I can't fathom paying even 5% of that on top of deductible, OOP, etc. Don't punish people for getting sick. This is a bad bill.
1. My husband got a 12am armband change when he had heart surgery = hospital charges approached 1M and needed 2nd account #.
2. 3yr later he had kidney cancer, now at 67 he's working and coaching little league. HEALTH CARE MATTERS.
This is a #Wealthcare. Cutting funding to the CDC is absurd.
You know this benefits the wealthy and hurts the elderly and poor.  VOTE NO!
This bill will kill millions, but it will make your donors happy.  Go ahead, pass the bill.  You & GOP will OWN Trumpcare.  End of GOP.
Vote for this and you might just have guaranteed yourself a ticket as #OneTermTillis
When I look at the comments here, it is obvious a majority oppose this sham bill. We can only assume you are bought and paid for.
Why don't I believe you on this? Maybe because I know how many calls you have ignored. Why did GOP work in NC to sabotage the ACA? Shame!
.@SenThomTillis, please hear your constituents and vote against #BCRA. We should work on fixing #ACA.
Keep up the good work Sen. Tillis!  Get rid of as much Obamacare as you can!
Define "improvements." Fewer people covered with fewer benefits doesn't sound like an improvement. Did you mean fewer taxes for the wealthy?
I am a constituent& independent. I don't want to lose my insurance. I can't pay for my meds with a tax break. I don't make enough. Vote no.
Maybe it didn't save my life but the ACA has saved me many thousands of hours of suffering. Please just fix it. I can't lose my medications.
You think their lives are upended now!  Wait till this terrible bill destroyes their lives.  No suprise you would put politics over people!
No way this is a 'net improvement' over Obamacare - unless you're referring to a net improvement for the wealthiest North Carolinians.
Please vote no, it is the only choice that is humane to your people, whom the government is there to serve.
This bill hurts more than ACA
This bill is Republican Euthanasia. If you like your health care plan, Tom vote NO.
Cite your sources Senator.
So wow. Your statement doesn't need sources as it is simply fluff. Did this #boilerplate come from @GOP
Fix & repair the ACA.  #You'reBeingJudged by your actions #Obstructionist Be aware of your future as a complete ass
You have an opportunity to fix healthcare. Instead you choose a tax cut for the wealthy. Are they your donors?  Have you no morals?
Follow Senator Heller please, and vote No. This current bill is one big death panel.
Why can't Rep ,Dem and Ind break both plans down,combine them into something good for the middle class and the poor. GET IT TOGETHER!!!
NC needs you to vote against #Trumpcare and work with Dems to protect everyone. NC needs your support, not the 1%.
Or. Stop hiding from your constituents and come have a town hall and see what they actually think about #Trumpcare
I hope after you 'carefully review' that you will detail pros and cons for all to see. We believe in democracy.
Senator Tillis. This bill screws the poor, who are already screwed, in order to make the rich richer. Don't do this!
Sen Tillis, this is my 6yo daughter, Clara. The illness she survived will likely make her lose coverage of this bill passes. Please vote NO.
The ACA needs improvement. Our premiums are more than our mortgage. But she HAS insurance coverage to keep her secure, despite her history.
2 years ago, insurance covered a repair surgery & recovery in the excellent @brennerhospital. Otherwise, it would've bankrupted us.
In your inspiring January @theobserver op-ed, you wrote that Congress needs to rise above party to produce results.
http://bit.ly/2ixOhuw 
To be sure, if this bill passes, that will technically be a big result. But it certainly won't be the result of rising above partisanship.
...and it almost certainly won't result in your most vulnerable constituents receiving better, more affordable healthcare.
What I'm certain it WILL do, & already HAS done, is increase partisanship & division between Americans. Again, here are your words:
If you truly want to reduce petty partisanship, show us you mean it. Push back on secretive, sleazy process the GOP is using here.
Please do not vote for a bill that gives the super rich a tax break while taking health care away from millions of Americans.
And we'll all be closely following for when you issue a statement that actually means something.
This bill is not an improvement. Do not sacrifice the lives of your constituents (my patients) for tax cuts for the wealthy!
Protect the people of NC and vote no. It's the right thing to do.
Selective hearing, Uncle Thom. ACA successes, access, no woman penalty, affordable, better hospital care, lower service prices...
Just lowers tax on rich. Nothing to address premiums. Premiums can go up while care goes down. @SenThomTillis, NC citizens deserve better.
Also no one at your office will answer the phone.
Biggest non-committal answer I've ever seen. Voting for this bill does NOT help the average person in NC! HEALTHCARE WORKERS say vote NO 
This bill is not an improvement over the ACA. Please vote no!
Lame answer! A tarp is "net improvement" to roof w/tree on top of it.  What we NEED is remove tree down to roots, rebuild roof from scratch!
Give us single payer health care>> that protects all the people not just a few or you and your family.. all the people, all the voters.
when will it dawn on you, you work for the people even those who didn't vote for you, because they still pay your salary. And you don't care
is so far from the truth.. you and the gop are trying to take income, healthcare, food, healthcare, away from the voters to give to the rich
about democrats, this is about you and the gop going after the voters, the elderly, the sick, the children, education, you tell a story that
You tom thats a crock your going from problems with obamacare to devastation for the elderly and disabled. This isn't about obama, this
Your statement could not be more incorrect. Protect ALL citizens' right to equal and affordable health care, your seat depends on it.
If U do not oppose this bill the ppl of the state of NC will take UR job & vote u out. I am your constituent & you are not speaking for us.
You know this is not an improvement over Obamacare, which is why this bill was drafted in secret. You're ashamed of it, and you should be.
Trumppuppet, you vote for this crap and you'll be gone in '20. They won't hire you in animal control.

8harps .com
Senator Tillis, I suggest you also talk to some people who's lives have been saved by Ocare, not just folks who bolster your agenda.
vote NO sir. It's what your constituents want.
Vote NO to this bill and protect the people you represent!  This bill is a travesty to your constituents.
Do NOT pass this bill! It will cause massive harm to Americans -- including me. If you support this bill, we WILL hold you accountable.
This current bill will raise premiums for worse coverage. Vote NO and do the right thing!
No one believes the GOP lies about the horrible AHCA.  This bill is a travesty.  Have some integrity and vote NO.
As one of your constituents, I am 100% against.
One of many my age who will make it their mission to make sure you never win another election if you vote for this.
Fix Obamacare deficiencies.
Vote NO on the Senate healthcare bill.  Otherwise, you will have to stand in judgment of this hypocritical vote.  Modern day Pharisees!
Self-employed NC 56 year old woman. The ACA has helped my family and my business... what will the ACHA do? Will I be able to afford it?
Nice statement but we already know how you are gonna vote and so do you.
If u want a plan that improves #Obamacare then u shouldn't be voting for this #AHCA #HealthcareBill, it raises costs, hurts people. #voteno
Be the moderate conservative NC elected that also led the NC House.Employers would no longer have to cover employees. #worsenotbetter
