By going on a witch hunt? Not helping!!
Trust in #DOJ? If Wallace didn't ask Rosenstein about special counsel statute (28 CFR 600.7 and 28 CFR 45.2), AND his own conflict, big joke
I hope the President vetoes this kind of bill. Unconstitutional
YOUR appoval rating is hovering around TEN PERCENT on a good day.  

We have no confidence in CONGRESS.
#Mueller is Destroying our trust bc this is a political witch Hunt against @POTUS
Bring Justice to Hilary, Rice, Comey, and Lynch. Then maybe we will start believing in the integrity of these agencies again!!
BINGO!
Why don't you just admit it Mr. Senator, you NEVER DID LIKE "THE PEOPLE'S CHOICE" for President of The United States Donald J. Trump!!!
We need bipartisan spt for healthcare and taxes not screwing our President over JERKS
Do you work off of Proof ?  or just because someone tells you there's something ?
Will do nothing to restablish trust. Justice does that. Start with Hillary Clinton, Comey & Mueller.They're the ones who need investigating.
I have zero confidence in Mueller and his Clinton investigators and lackey for Comey.
There is a lot more to do on Clinton, Comey, Lynch, Abedien, Wasserman Shultz before they will come close to public trust.
Drain the swamp then.  There are many GOP part of DEEP STATE
It better be honest or trust will plummet even more!
Good luck w/that, justice will be served once arrests have been initiated
ain't nobody buying the adoption of russian baby story.
it seems almost 70% of Americans are concerned that Trump and friends open wide the door to a hostile country having influence on elections
The defense lawyer should be present at Grand Jury hearing  This is an important part of decision not just one side lawyers
Loretta Lynch on the tarmac with Bill Clinton & another Comey coverup damaged DOJ. Also letting Mueller&Demo cronies to investigate
congress has lost all trust such a swamp of promises but never getting job done #TERM LIMITS GOD BLESS POTUS
Who is Tillis lecturing us on re establishing trust with the DOJ? We don't trust the worthless, part time politicians! We need Term Limits !
How about re establishing trust in congress????#tcot worry about your own house
Americans lost confidence in Mueller due to conflict of interest.  Mueller/Comey.. close friends, Stacking Deck with Dems.
Atty Gen Sessions recused.  Mueller in violation of 28 CFR 600.7-(d)The Atty Gen may remove a Sp. Counsel for: conflict of interest.
You're a coward sir. You owe your seat to the people that elected this President & you claim independence as you stab him in the back? Sad!
We definitely don't trust Congress! GOP like to eat their own. Where is working with Trump on fulfilling promises! Pathetic!
And IC and FBI and Congress. Y'all in deep doo doo.
Thom Tillis is a liar
he is spineless washed up 
balding beta boy
who is undermining our @POTUS
End the witch Hunt against @POTUS that will build the people's trust not trying to Destroy the guy we elected
#WeThePeople_TaxPayers_LegalVoters_WorkingAmerica JUDGE by RESULTS! NO EQUAL JUSTICE in USA! C ALL TOP #BHO_Adm Criminals FREE 2RUIN USA!
No trust in you.   Establishment rino.
Tilley, U have had your time in spotlight.Your RINOceritis came through beautifully! You are lower than slime. Not enuf RINOS in NC 2 save U
Correction: establish President's trust in Justice Department and other government agencies!
Why not go after the Obama staffers who destroyed public trust by their evil ways? @AllAmericanGirl @loudobbs @realDonaldTrump
There is no trust in the DOJ and AG right now.A lot of talk but never any real action. They're all corrupted by the left
No,witch hunts do exactly the opposite. We have no confidence that real crimes are being investigated. Dems are preventing just that.
as long as Sessions(liar, racist, abuse of power i.e. freedom of the press)is AG the majority of Americans will not trust the Justice Dept.
People do not trust President and Congress. Work for the people not just party
@GOP #Marijuana Prohibitions end will usher in a  restoration of dignity for our #DOJ Criminal Justice System and #Congress. #NewBeginnings
As long as Hillary, Lynch and Comey are walking around free believe me there is zero public trust in the Justice Dept
#turncoattillis
Senator Tillis you're delusional because "the people" know the DIJ is corrupt. We want justice by prosecuting Hilary, Comey (although
Sorry Senator Tillis, President Trump was accurate when he called it a SEWER ! It is a U.S. Corporation crime CABAL in league with other
International CABALS to fleece the billions of people on the earth. This a plantation and WE are the slaves. TRUTH 
You can't have it both ways Thom. You R a RINO. If U truly mean reastablishing trust and confidence in the DOJ, then prosecute the CLINTONS
Public trust that was destroyed by Obama, Holder, Lynch, Comey, Clintons #DOJ
Lock up Hillary lynch holder learner Comey etc
Our faith will be restored when DOJ quits harking backward & places focus on criminal element running our country. Hurry up Mueller!
Your actions are totally undermining your stated purpose!
How about confidence in Senate? Stand up for AMERICAN WORKERS who elected you!  Prioritize American workers over foreigners with work visas.
You are nothing but a downeast democrat! You have fled from the GOP. Everything you said today is a Dem talking point. Shameful! Disgusting!
No. U need to back pres trump & support his agenda. Why r u a republican? Why r u in congress?
Public trust has vanished
Reestablish? It was never lost.  Trump is the only one that doesn't trust justice dept
You focus on Mueller who has ties with Comey, Mueller has no business being special council. Demand another now
Stay with it we appreciate just get what you need and push out all the trouble makers
Where was this confidence for the DOJ the last 8 years as elists committed crimes? Where is the justice for them?
That's rich. The Senate is going to work to establish  trust in the DOJ.
What happend to FNS? No conservatives on the pannel any longer? What the hell. If I want group think I'll watch NBC. Bye!
You want public trust. Embrace #termlimits now.  You people wast our money and our time, especially you Republicans who lie to get in office
Here is a start. What is the crime being investigated? What is the scope? Why does the Dem candidate get by with pay for play and collusion?
Why does liberal media want to discuss hypothetical theories..can't they stay with real news
And othr e Countries need to be able to trust us. Cannot wait to see they catch.
Yeah right, good luck with that
