Look forward to returning to Senate tomorrow to continue work on health care reform, defense bill & #RussiaSanctions https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=F0B163CA-311A-48D4-BAA6-CB73E56CF6FB …
McCain is a POS just like you. Congratulations on destroying people's lives with your short-sighted vision.
Not bailout insurance  companies or act like dems!!!! Start acting like servants of the Americian public or dont expect to reelection

Time to pack your bags. You won't answer to your constituents, you won't face us, and now you've voted to proceed to strip NC voters of HC
I pray the two of you will not vote to take away healthcare from the disabled via Medicaid cuts
Shame on McCain. He'll go back to AZ & get great healthcare. My NC son recovering from a brain tumor now faces an uncertain future, thanks!
You and McCain have "citizen funded" federal employee healthcare. Be very careful repealing citizen healthcare. Your constituent.
My question is why? He does nothing but obstruct. He resists anything Trump. No better than Dems. People want the Trump agenda moved along
Senator, what are you guys up in Washington, voting on a bill without seeing it or making it public, we hired you guys to repeal Obamacare
ACA saves lives today, mend not end GOP STOP the BULLY DT, STOP your war on Americans, STAND UP vote NO, a "yes" kills Americans. on U
You+@SenatorBurr will vote for ANYTHING? Disqualifies ya'll from serving US! Declaring your willingness to harm AMERICANS for a traitor SAD
need republican back
I’m sure that you and @SenJohnMcCain are glad that he has good health Ins. I know that I am. I hope that ALL Americans & NC’s do too.
And what are you voting on today? Oh, that's right, no one knows. I know I'd get fired for that.
What are you voting on? As far as I can tell all a yes vote stands for is a promise to put at risk the health care of 1 mil N Carolinians
THIS man is a HERO!! You, @SenatorBurr & @SenJohnMcCain are the FURTHEST things from! Just sickeningly anti-JESUS!!
Please vote no. Count phone calls, tweets, letters. Think of votes. We do not want this bill.
Senator, as a constituent I'm asking that you do not vote to repeal the ACA. Instead, start working with Dems to reform it
Many people in your state, me included, have been greatly helped because of the ACA. Sure, there are people who have been hurt by it
The GOP is rotten to ask "their friend" with new brain cancer diagnosis to come back to vote on an UNKOWN bill.
Cruel is more like it.  But McCain is complying If he votes yes on MtP then he is on the path to taking our health care.
please vote no to the motion to proceed.  People will suffer if this (I am sure it's not good) if the bill is passed and/or repeal

#MondayMotivation

Pastor Brigman completing his walk from NC to DC TODAY…
We the People demand YOU vote to Repeal Obamacare as YOU DID in 2015 when YOU knew it would not pass...Be a Man of Character and God!
Please #RepealObamacare. It's costing the middle class too much.
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
So am I, I am also looking forward to 2018 when we vote to remove you from office.
Family of three w/ACA in western NC. Today you personally threatened my family not to mention millions more.
And since you're so willing to take away healthcare from millions of North Carolinians, I'm looking forward to voting you out in 2020!
Remember us?? Your constituents? Please vote NO on the Trumpcare Mystery Bill.
Vote NO, vote NO vote NO Vote No Vote NO, vote NO vote NO Vote No Vote NO, That's how we really feel.  Vote yes and you will be voted out!
Enjoy YOUR live-saving healthcare access?Don't take my daughter's away. Our kids need YOU to vote NO on MTP

 “This is why I fight for the #ACA and to #ProtectOurCare”
Happy you are well enough to work. Now do the right thing and say NO to healthcare disgrace bill
I hope you both do the right thing. Can't vote yes on something never seen.
nice that you have his back. how about having our backs & voting no on trumpcare.  if it isn't good enough  4 y'all then not good for us.
Vote no on ACA!
Vote No!
Please vote NO today! Healthcare needs to be improved but this is not the way. Don't let us down in NC!
How can you vote on something you don't know about? What sort of a person are you?
Why do you want to take away my health care Tillis? I'm glad I didn't give you my vote!
Please VOTE NO to any bill that repeals the ACA or cuts funding to Medicaid.
Maybe you should rethink your blind support of this healthcare bill?
Welcome ,senator McCain ,may God bless you .
Wow. He has the same Cancer my mom died of at age 52. Nice to take health care away from millions when you can afford it, eh Thom?
We are watching you Thom! Expect you to support POTUS!
Keep Americans alive, don't deny them healthcare.
I can not get thru to your office, please vote no, don't turn your back on your voters. This is insane to even consider, what's in the bill?
Looking forward to you voting in the right direction. I don't want to be disappointed.  But I have no confidence in you.
Everyone is starting to think the wrong Senator got cancer

Senate moves to vote on ObamaCare repeal bill without knowing which bill they’re voting on: http://hill.cm/4VLZUBE  
Can you guys get America the health insurance you both enjoy?
You're a coward, Sen Tillis. You could do the right thing, but you're going to sell us out.
Vote no tomorrow. Take time to get this right vs try to put feather in cap for Trump. No good plan out there yet!
No ACA repeal & no Trumpcare
Looking forward to calling you tomorrow to discuss "Voting No" to healthcare bill.
It would be especially good if both of you voted no on a bill that 80% of the country hates because it's awful at what it's supposed to do.
hope you vote no on repeal and trumpcare
We can  repeal & replace you & We will.
Vote for your constituents.  NO
Proof that public HC works: an 80yo man can travel thousands of miles days after surgery so he can vote to take health care from millions.
Please vote NO!!!
This vote is not about party or "winning." This is anout morality conscience and caring about human beings. There is nothing more important.
How can you vote on this motion to proceed when you don't even know what's in the bill? Vote against. Absolutely appalling.
"How" can he vote yes? By shutting his eyes tight & hoping nobody will notice he's a creul, heartles, weak, weak man
.@SenThomTillis meeting w/ @Nataliew1020 about her concerns for her daughter & other kids. Tomorrow he'll vote to take away their healthcare https://twitter.com/Nataliew1020/status/889616780834025473 …
Please think of all Americans, especially when making decisions that will affect their Healthcare.
.@SenThomTillis Vote NO on the so-called health care bill tomorrow.
It's frankly loathsome that you two seem giddy to strip healthcare from millions of Americans in light of McCain's diagnosis. Sickening.
Time to kick 23 million off healthcare.
Glad @SenJohnMcCain is on the road to recovery, but a vote to proceed on #BCRA is unconscionable. Time for you both to stand up and do right
