@smart_whit @SenThomTillis go nuclear
Right ON!!! There's no other way around these democrats!!! 
Use the Nuclear Option and stop the drama already 
We the people of America have had enough of this shit.  Grow up or get out of our faces!
GARLAND!
You got that right. We want #Merick so nominate him.
We? Please speak for urself & the rest of ur obstructionists!
Please don't resort to the nuclear option no matter what. It's bad for the Constitution and you must know that.
@SenateDems gotta get rid of all that putrid gas  they've been spewing against our @POTUS . Disgraces to USA . Sad. No feeling 4 voterz
Why support the agenda of a failing president? No president should get a lifetime supreme court nomination in their final year, right?
Americans should wake up and see just how evil you Dems are. You don't have our interest at heart! You are making all Americans miserable
But we waiting for you again next election.. come knocking at my door. I dare you!
Dems had 8 years to do your job.. and failed. now you know how it should be done? President Trump has work to do so beat it fools!
We voted for a President to do the job he said he will do.  Then get your rump out of the way so the man can do his job! Is about Americans
I can't believe how ridiculously stupid these Democratics are.  Grown men/women head in the sand, ass in the air!
Better not back down
Isn't it funny that a short time ago they voted unanimously for him. This is a screw trump thing
Put him in. No more liberal thinking in the courts. Progressive thinking is making America worse, not better.
Won't be another dem as pres  for 20 years
And so you think this post on Twitter is going to make a difference? Go talk face to face with a dem and open a line of communication.
Get it?How in the world will t. Dems get anything accomplished if all they do is pitch a hissy fit,cry, then blame someone else for it?(2/2)
Proud of our Senator from North Carolina!
Democrats will filibuster all of them because everyone on the list is a conservative. They want someone like Stephen Breyer.
President Trump can nominate God himself n the dems will filurbust him it's abt revenge not democracy never has been and never will be
I would filibuster anyone that claimed to be God.  Also God isn't real to everyone and your beliefs shouldn't be forced on others. 1stAmind
KISS MY ASS<<<1st admend
Yep that is part of it too.  Good job! Now try  exercising other parts of the 1st amendment.
not here for trolls so that'll be the last 1st admend you'll get from me 
This entire nation is feeling unrest, while you idiots are taking us for granted
@SenMcConnell Don't waste 2 seconds with them. Call the vote or push the button if they opt to FB.
To hell w Dem. They are try to send the Nation there. Use whatever to build Trump Admin the way Trump wants it.
Then put up Merrick Garland. It's his seat y'all stole in the first place.
Hey Sean you mean like your beloved Hillary and now you're lying Obama Garland would've been the end of religion rights and gun rights
How about Garland?
Just put my name on it...  If DT can be president, I can be a judge in the Supreme Court.
Dems will not go along with anything.  So when everything works out, remember they fought against it
Go nuclear. Enough is enough. Let's move on to the next set of important issues. Democrats in my party are acting like idiots. Democripts.
They're idiots
Nuclear option.  I voted for Trump to name scotus!
Then put up Merrick garland
Uhhhhhhhh  TRUMP.  WON
Right.
Trump needs to stop playing with the Democrats and show them he means business
how about Merrick Garland.
So start thinking compromise on a candidate who would be supported by both parties. #CommonSense
a vote shouldn't occur until after Russian investigations completed. I am confident Trump was in collusion w Russia
Try Merrick Garland. He is the rightful owner of that seat.
So true.  Craziest thing I have ever witnessed in my lifetime.  Just plain foolish.
@Osvaldo53009221 @SenThomTillis Dreamon little girl! Are you like trolling for boyfriends on here?
@Osvaldo53009221 @SenThomTillis Not even mother teresa!
Don't say can't say will get confirmed have some guts do your jobs confirm him now
There's a Damn Good Reason to.

Their picks are like their Party.
No F'n Good At All.
And for Nothing!
EXACTLY. GO FOR IT NOW.
Right now the Dems will fillibuster road kill ... even if it does suite their taste requirements ...
Well the list was compiled by whom? Seriously...Maybe POTUS can make his own decision from a moderate pool.
Merrick Garland
How about a vote finally on Merrick Garland???
It is astounding to me that the @GOP thinks they have a mandate when #trump LOST popular vote by $3M. Less than 26% of country voted for him
We don't want him.  And you're going to be next if you don't pay attention to us, your constituents.
Merrick Garland is still available?
So pick someone both sides can agree on. That's the point anyway, isn't it?
There is no one @POTUS could nominate they wouldn't. They are all decent people and they can't handle those honoring the Constitution.
Merrick Garland maybe?
That's how spoiled brats act on the playground. See what happens when some people lose the power and money..
Time for democrats to change "demo" to "pluto"crats as they no longer are in touch with the common people.
45 agenda needs to be halted until #investigation is over.
How about adding Merrick Garland--someone everyone thinks is a reasonable candidate.
Exactly! Don't let them fool you. Any nomination would be opposed. The vote on Garland never happened because Biden suggested it yrs ago.
Yes because republicans are trying to steal a Supreme Court seat. F them all.
You're not dealing with rational people not doing the job they were elected listening to deranged person a complete idiot
NUKE EM.   MAGA
Everyone is fulling aware of what the Dems have planned so move forward without them.
Also, as soon as Dems are in control again they will use nuclear option without a blink, so Repubs need to just do it. Reid ruined country
The hypocrisy of it all the Democratic Party would filibuster the nominee no matter what. Like a group of 2 year olds throwing a tantrum!
Untrue!  Garland was and you & your fellow Republican's refused to do your jobs.  I can't wait to vote you out.  Ask McCrory what it's like.
Oh, you're going to get him confirmed because if you don't, your careers are over. Dems would go nuclear on Scotus w/o batting an eye.
Can you imagine if the Dems obstructed a confirmation just like the Reps obstructed for the last year and a half?
What goes around, comes around.
God could be on that list, as long as it's a pick of #POTUS, these jackass losing babies will filibuster! #TermLimits!

How about I learn the laws of an election? HAHAHA HAHAHA  MAGA
Demo-dorks!
Seriously ridiculous! Confirm #Gorsuch
And it took them this long to figure that out??
Duh
Get him confirmed!! Go nuclear if needed. The Dems have screwed up this country long enough, time for the professionals to take over!!
Is Merrick Garland on that list???
Senate Democrats' filibuster of SCOTUS nominee Neil Gorsuch in a nutshell: #selfdestructive. #stupid #loserpanic #ReidRule #nuclearoption
There are only 21 Americans qualified to be SupCrt justices? Doesn't say much for the U.S.
Merrick Garland
There is NO if, only when.
Nuclear and he is confirmed
Time to use the Nuclear option and confirm Gorsuch.  Stop pussy footing around with the DemonRATS and just DO IT!!!
nuke it. Harry Reid made the way easy
They'd filibuster their own mothers if nominated by Trump 
Merrick Garland. That's one they will confirm. #StolenSeat
That's correct! Someone is looking into the future. THEY'RE SOLE PURPOSE IN LIFE IS TO OBSTRUCT @POTUS, NOT LEGISLATE . . .
Democrats wanted Garland and you wouldn't even let him speak. And btw 41 supreme justices were elected in the final year of a presidency.
Then find another list
try Merrick Garland
Geeee... maybe you should look at Judge Garland ...just a thought.
It's the hyperpartisan utilitarian times we live in.Either party is lying when they say they wouldn't do anything to push forth their agenda
You don't know that. #Gorsuch is too big business.
He also did do a couple of things while a judge I have a problem with and I don't trust he is truly sorry even if he says. They make laws...
Maybe we should put Merrick Garland at the top of the list and see what happens.
that's true, dems all loved him before. #liberals are just bitter tantrum throwing whiners. Un #American
Should have accepted Garland, huh....
Not true. I think Hardiman would get more support.
Turn about is fair play: Reid 'em!
I'm shocked!  NOT!
Get someone normal then.
The Senate leadership stinks.  The Democrats would have nucleared by now, and moved on.  Schumer has McConnell's weak number.
. If McConnell uses the nuke option, his legacy will be the one who ruined bi-partianship for the Senate.
Maybe they shouldn't have blocked Obamas pick. Republicans don't like it? So what! They treated Obama like shit for 8 years. Deal with it.
BIDEN RULE, deal with that. HAHAHA HAHAHA.   MAGA
Do Democrats have nothing better to do with their time than filibuster? They got way 2much time on hands; move on. Confirm Gorsuch dammit
Yes it's true, they still think they are in charge, don't know there's a new sheriff in town!& will fight back!!!
Try a list with 22 names on it, that might work...
why doesn't he pick somebody more mid of the road and not listen to the Heritage Foundation?DJT is a Democrat duh
All the more reason to use the nuclear option.  Democrats made the choice.  Next nominee should be further right since they passed on fair.
starting to get the point
F that enough pull the plug get him in let's grow some balls push these morons out and let's get the job done!!! Enough bullshit time wasted
Democrats would rather leave that seat open for the next 8-16 years or until they stop playing SJW and get another president.
So maybe the answer is to sit down with the democrats and review the list and maybe give Garland his day - when did compromise become evil
The Dems need to get real and accept the dirt is going to float. The anti Trump rhetoric isn't working.
lmao 
Now you get it. 
Boom 
For crying outloud ..ignore the dems. Use the #NuclearOption like they did. #confirmgorsuch .  Deal with the sketchy dems later . WTH
Good point so go #NuclearOption
Turnabout is fair play.
They will be nothing but obstructionist so take them out of the equation
Maybe try Merrick Garland? Seems like everyone on both sides of the aisle likes him.
Only dems like him, for obvious reason's, he's a liberal hack and we have too many of them already. See Nov. 8
what's that tell ya you don't have anyone on the list that will be impartial and for the ppl list has those that will be for corporations
Just another sign no in Washington can agree.  Clean out Washington and get people in there that are really for the people
Garland
Will not be on the Supreme Court.
Merrick Garland?
Should have thought of that last year 
Everyone knows this isn't about the nominee; it's about resisting Trump.
dems are obstructing POTUS they will not agree to anyone POTUS chooses everyone says Gorsuch is the best so obiously dems wont agree
You don’t know that. Neither you nor Trump actually sat down and vetted a list of appointees. You just rammed it down their throats.
democrats want Garland. Anti-gun and partial abortions and not necessarily the constitution. That is who they want?
That is who is should be.  This president should have the next appointment, not this one.  That is, IF he is still president then.
Exactly why the nuclear option should be used
the democrats aren't against Gorsuch. They are against our president and we the people. Vote them the hell out!!
NUCLEAR  OPTION, brainchild of Harry schmuck Reid must be implemented in honor of PELOSI/REID DISASTER administration!  2018 Mid-terms soon
It would not matter if Jesus Christ was on the list.  He would receive the same treatment.  Or, lets crucify him!
Nah Jesus would be confirmed by the left. He was very liberal with his love all and feed the poor rhetoric.
Add Merrick Garland to the list then.  Give him a shot at a hearing.
Good. We need less entitled candidates for these positions.
Retribution is a really bad idea. Shows bad faith. The Dems should set the example if they want respect during the mid term elections.
Go nuclear
Go nuclear
As was the case with @MerrickGarland_ @stolenpick
Screw these liberal Dems. Their all hypocrites
Maybe use a different list, then.
The list is the presidents. It's his choice. Senate only supposed to decide if qualified. Not if nom agrees with their ideology
Weird how that only applies to certain presidents.
Try Merrick Garland..!
Dems really believe that there's a chance that Trump will replace Gorsuch with a liberal.. You're not in control here lefties!!
That's hard to believe, this whole thing is like kindergarten in training.
Correct.  So a less radical right-wing nominee should be picked.
EXACTLY THE POINT  TRUE OBSTRUCTION FROM THE #DEMS #shameful #FOXNewsWorld #FOXNewsUS
Then figure out who makes everyone mostly happy & who will uphold CONSTITUTION, not party politics.
Then put up Ted Cruz & just pull nuclear option. Dems will do it down the road anyway. Be proactive not reactive. Precedence already set.
I hope that Ted Cruz goes on next.
Is this REALLY the best Republicans can do? If their whole list consists of extremists and plagiarists, then they surely need a new list!
Congress really hasn't fundamentally understood the essence of compromise (neither side gets exactly what they want) in a VERY long time.
Finally, an intelligent tweet
Did you stop and think you have the wrong list? Garland is still available and a good non-partisan choice.
non-partisan, that laughable
They made it clear it was Payback motivated and not about the qualification of the candidate.  Shame on them for being so shallow.
And Reps made it clear if HRC was elected they would obstruct all nominations and begin investigating her immediately.
Well she's a lunatic criminal
after 8 benghazi investigation,WW investigation & 0 nothing? Trump? Emoulements, Yemen, possibly. Russia? He is a looon.
Another case of dementia.
Honest question, do Feinstein and her friends realize a republican is president? These speeches are a joke.
Try 'em.
True! Look for someone who isn't an idiot
Sorry @Michael, but Republicans are the obstructionists, remember the last 8 yrs & M.Garland

Evidently those Senate Democrats don't realize their only chance at reelection is if they're not supported by Schumer and Warren.
Clinton, Warren,Schumer,Pelosi,Feinstein,Sanders and all dems mantra: RESIST.  They will oppose everything coming out of TRUMPadministration
Just like the Reps did for 8 years.  Were you complaining then?
dems yet again proving to be anti American OWO paid slaves time to flush Senate cesspool of dem fecal infestation
Judge Garland
Will not be on the Supreme Court.
@SenSchumer not doing this because Gorsuch it's qualified he's doing this as payback for Garland and because he needs look good to his base
Enough with the childish Democratic temper tantrums already! Use the nuke option and get Gorsuch confirmed! Then move on to the next agenda!
If the Republicans nominated Hillary Clinton for Supreme Court they would filibuster. If we say let illegals in they would fight us. Hmm.
Let's go Nuclear to confirm Gorsuch; and in a few month Ginsburg/Kennedy will retire. President Trump should appoint them, too...Nuclear. Ok
He's probably right, but that means that the list is not the right source for a SCOTUS judge. lifetime appointments needs bipartisan support
Nuclear time, Lets do this!
Well my my that is just terrible those big meanies
Childish Democrats need to stop their foolish obstructionist actions. GOP should go nuclear if they filibuster.
Basically, if you think this one is bad, the rest are worse.
Todays Democrat political mentality is worst that old Russian Communist rulings. Anyone that knows world history would understand and agree.
The democrats are so mad they lost, they would sacrifice this nation for revenge! Even sacrificing their own children!
These Democratic that can't stand for themselves with their own mind and tell Schumer to put it where the sun don't shine, need to go Rep.
The Democratic party is in serious  trouble, need to get on board and quit sticking their tongue out at everybody. Dry your eyes, you lost.
Broken Government no accountability.
You could have a hundred on that list,  it wouldn't matter.  Maybe Judge Judy would be okay with them...
@POTUS to @oreillyfactor You think that's bad....I once grabbed my daughter and......
Not true
Hope they get to use the Harry Reed (nuclear) option, that way next time it won't be an issue.  No loss, Dems would use it if in power
Please enlighten as to what investigation? Just go nuclear
This is the same #Gorsuch hand selected by Steve Bannon who ran the hate site @BreitbartNews.
That list of 21 wouldn't even exist if Republicans didn't do what they're all so upset about now to Obama in the first place. Hypocrites.
Left wants a political lackey, not an objective judge.  SCOTUS judges' job is clearly defined and it is NOT political!
Gorsuch is a corporate lackey.
What about Merrick Garland?
