because examples are not set
Some people create their own storms then get mad when it rains. He promoted an atmosphere of HATE, this is the result...
We have a shameful @POTUS who stokes ire.  Two wrongs don't make a right.
If u think amnesty will make illegal aliens favor Republicans more, u'r either delusional or corrupt.
nothing to say about @POTUS inciting violence with his hate speech and contempt? NC voters are watching you sir. Man up.
it is disgusting
@GOp reaps what they sow - which is hatred and violence. #ThanksDonald
sick of it, tired of feeling under physical threat from the left.
.@SenThomTillis Amnesty is why we've lost California: "GOP Senator’s ‘Immigration Overhaul’ Would Include Amnesty"
Hope you watch the women's marches today. Very important to know your constituents.
I can't wait to vote you out of office
And where is your support for a day of peaceful protests across NC, the country & the world? Are you listening to us Senator?
maybe there isn't enough risk in destroying the property of others?
You realize @POTUS encourages violence? Said he'd pay for legal fees for those who beat up protestors? #Corrupt
Dictionary definition of shamful:  See Donald Trump!
all see #ncpols #ncga for further evidence. You serve ALL of us, not wealthy special interests & friends.
Yes, it was much better when President Trump threatened not to accept the results of said transition of power.
.@SenThomTillis Did you notice the women marching today? ALL OVER THE PLANET! What, no love? What a beautiful display of 
Now say three nice things about the #WomensMarch
Shameful that @POTUS is in violation of the constitution on his first day in office.
much like the contempt you showed for working with our former president
there are a lot of shameful things going on well beyond the streets. #TogetherWeStand #noDevos protect public ed for ALL!
your policies only help the wealthy few, so focus on making people mad rather than helping them
Are you only watching the rioters.  How about the demonstrators?  Are you ashamed of them too?
Shameful that millions of peaceful people across the world are not even mentioned, while a handful of violent ones are.
all the protests Saturday were peaceful and more than 1 M people showed that they do not agree with this admin's agenda
Violence is not acceptable. Now point to the vast majority who are protesting peacefully or you're nothing but a propagandist
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence HEY THOM: YOU REPUBS DO DO DO DO HAVE A "MANDATE"& U BETTER DO IT ALL THIS TIME, CREEP.
keep focusing on that since GOP platform offers nothing. BTW, Trump said he wouldn't accept results if he lost
there are NO riots. Please do not use language that is designed to incite anger. Your language belittles me.
Could not agree more. However, despite their determined, and well-organized "resistance" the "torch" has been passed.
will you talk to them. You are not listening to them
could have predicted & avoided this. Riot is the language of the folks you have ignored. #resist #nogaslighting #heisnotwell
Shameful that you do not talk about the peaceful protests happening across the country.
On this we agree. Destroying private property because you don't approve of the new POTUS is not how Americans should behave.
Write letters, canvas door to door, make calls, and march peacefully--that's true civil disobedience. Not this nonsense...
It is open contempt for an election where a foreign power sought influence its outcome and elected reps don't seem concerned.
they were hoping for a new flat screen ..
shameful how you take a paycheck,,,,at least your tweet isn't the same old rhetoric, ,when will your finger pointing end
@GayPatriot Shameful, sure, but not surprising from modern progressives
@BasedAuslander mighty arm of the law needs to quit acting like helpless pussies and crack some heads.
@Trader_Moe The violent Communist protesters are fearful their agenda is going to be ripped out by its filthy roots.
@dmartosko in a city that voted their way .... goofy
Lock them all up! John Lewis, boycotting Dems, Hollywood eites & Mayor of NYC must b so proud of these criminals.
this is Trump's America!
its just another LIE from hypocrit democrats
@dmartosko TRUMPS having Lunch, give HIM time, few hours will have LAW & order
Could you please post a link to reports of this?
we agree!! We hate violence too! WE WILL PEACEFULLY RESIST EVERYDAY. #NOTMYPRESIDENT #TREASON #TRUMPLEAKS #PUTINSPUPPET
Jumping right in to the authoritarianism, are we Senator?
They need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the LAW!!! VERY SAD for our GREAT DAY!!!!!!!
Totally agree.
Nah those are moles planted/paid by Bannon/Trump.
@MelissaTweets the police are instigating. Have we already begun racism state.
@dmartosko shameless progressives will destroy themselves.
@GayPatriot democrats gonna democrat...  They haven't been this mad since we freed their slaves
mowing down Gabby Giffords though?
Gee Thom, why don't you try "reaching across the aisle" to this lot?
May be a better use of your position to talk to the new president about not inciting violence himself.
call it what it is...domestic terrorism.
riots happen when people feel they aren't being heard...
shameful that trump bragged about grabbing p*ssy.
Corporate Assets, Sir. @SenateFloor @HouseFloor @KFIAM640
