Your boys gained millions of new fans! Fantastic run, great story.
Helluva series yall!  Come back any time!!  Ualls fans gave @OlsenSection203 run...  pro-tip... automatic bubble makers...
GreAt team you guys have! #gigem
Great season! Fun team to watch
I think you picked up a few new fans along the way
I'm so impressed with @DavidsonWildcat ! Gig'em!
Great run men.  Congrats on a great season.
WOW! You guys were absolutely amazing. You won my attention this year and years to come.
I was tooting for you.  Great sportsmsnship
Your team put up a great fight, and the fans represented the team well.
Congrats from the CofC baseball fans. What a great ride and we watched every minute of your games!
Respect!
Magical run Awesome fun Tremendous team Special family #Catsarewild
Davidson left me with grey hairs.. Congrats on a great season
Great series and a great season. Hopefully the runs like this can continue
THANK YOU to every player & coach. You made us incredibly proud. #CatsareWild
Congrats to you guys on a hell of a season and a hell of a weekend. Loved watching you guys compete down here this weekend!
What a gritty performance. Much respect. #GigEm
Well done, Davidson. Next year. Believe!
Your no cinderella.. your team is legit. See you next year!!!  Great program and great team!
JoJo my 9 yr old n I saw ur A10 finals win @ SLU over VCU (after his bball camp), ur team signed a ball 4 him! We r 4ever Cats fans now!
One feisty team, you Wildcats!  Thanks for giving us your all!  You still got us beat on Rhodes Scholars, just sayin'...

Much respect. Never quit never surrender.
Very proud of you!
Impressive showing. You have a fine group of men and a very impressive coach who obviously loves where he is. Congratulations. Great year.
Two great games! Y'all played super well, really gave us a good fight! Better luck in the future 
Great season! You guys played with a lot of heart! 
Props! I love the teams with Try.
great spirit, great effort...will see you again, soon..
Met several @dcbaseball_ players in Houston this morning flying out. Congrats on a great season! #RoadtoOmaha
Great showing 'Cats!
Great season! Congrats 
You all played with a lot of spirit and heart. Great sportsmanship. Classy.
congratulations!
Great ride is right! Talented group of players and coaches. Congrats on a fantastic season! Next year will be awesome!
Great games guys, y'all had a great year and should be proud. First time ever going to the post season and y'all did it with a bang!
What a great series!   Hard fought games.  Great post season...you should be proud!
Unbelievable grit/passion until the last pitch by every player. Y'all had a heck of a run. Nothing but respect, keep proving em wrong 
What an amazing group of guys. Couldn't imagine a better team to play against in the Supers. #GigEm
My heart breaks for u all. You have much to be proud of! Congrats on a terrific season. Come back stronger in 2018. We can't wait! #allheart
You did so much for A-10 baseball. Y'all should be so proud.
Impressive team considering there are only (3) scholarship players
Thanks from a new fan!
Two incredible games. Congrats on the season.
Great series #respect
Inspiring display of perseverance & determination to excel at the right time. ROCKY, RUDY HOOSIERS & NOW DAVIDSON BASEBALL.
Way to represent the A10! You were inspirational. Thanks!
Hope that @AggieBaseball can play y'all again sometime in the next season. Some of the best baseball I've seen played in a while
Great job fellas! I am sure this is the beginning of good things to come.
I followed you and I believe in you!  Go Wildcats!  See you in 2018!!  All the way from Fresno, California 
Great ride guys!!
I was rooting for you here in South Mississippi!
A great, great season with a lot of fight! Aggies are wishing your team and visitors a safe return!
Much respect to y'all. Hope to see y'all back.
So impressed with the entire team! Thanks for a fun post season.
Nothing but respect!
Congrats on a great year!
You gave us all we could handle. What a season. Shame that only one could advance.
And thanks for your wonderful coverage!
Great series. Much respect to your team. #GigEm
@NCAACWS awesome run!! Enjoyed to show.
Talent, grit and class. Outstand team!
So fun to watch- incredible year for you guys!
Grats on the season, that was a strong showing in CS.
Davidson is a class act!
Enjoyed your play. Great representation. Continued success.
Proud of ya boys!!!
Thanks for taking us on an amazing trip!!we love you cats!!!
Great season and super regional matchup #Gigem
Great job, y'all. Fantastic season!
Proud of @dcbaseball_ for an unbelievable year! Heartbreaking, but nothing to hang heads over! Thanks for an incredible season!
Helluva series. Y'all were tough
The Keep Campus @Switch: Coming soon to Atlanta!
