.@ThomTillis responds to @IngrahamAngle criticism: She "may want to go back and study up on Civics 101." http://abcn.ws/2vueTCw  #ThisWeek 
Sen, you're wasting the taxpayers time & $ with this BS nonsense Russia investigation, the Special Counsel should be fired #FireMuellerNow
Yeah, who cares that Russia influenced our election in favor of Trump? Impossible that any Americans were involved, right?
It's a BS narrative Democrats want to use to distract from real issues, and everyone knows it, not a shred of evidence to warrant $$ wasted
@SenThomTillis hasn't said a word about 3 health insurers who left NC, Aetna, United HC, Humana, but goes on tv to pic a fight with @POTUS
I just think he wasn't smart enough to figure out he's been played as a stooge. He doesn't have what it takes to focus media on a real issue
Keep digging your own grave Tillis.
UNC sucks.  It's a liberal state run propaganda / brainwash machine.  No wonder you are a RINO with no understanding of conservatism.
you should have taken a few!
Hey, Here's some American history...The Civil War!! American Constitution, read it, don't change it! We are waiting to see how far y'all go!
Thom, you may want to go back & learn another profession. You will get voted OUT in the next election!!
So I'll expect your alma mater to let me in to their sports events for free and feed me too. Seems fair. I'm a taxpayer too.
You will be primaried. Never forget #RINO we detest the senate. We voted for POTUS & will only vote for those who support him from now on.
When you retirr from da Senate maybe you should go
why can you guys draft something like this so fast but still can't pass the damn HC bill after 7 years
@ThisWeekABC @ThomTillis Keep up your virtue signaling to the Leftists you RINO.
Taking a Civics class from UNC like taking defense classes from the Boston Strangler
I'll put her up against you any day!
Tillis = traitor to the American people! 1 by 1 they must not get re-elected! We deserve better! Patriots that will work with @POTUS #MAGA
Patriots work for the American people - not for @realDonaldTrump. @POTUS doesn't hire our senators and reps - we do.
No wonder. UNC is a breeding ground for liberals. GO NC State WOLFPACK!
If you have time to twitter fight then you have time to do something about water contamination in your state! #genx
Tillis have you read this? Bill of Rights
When did President Trump ever say he was going to fire Mueller?  Another one of your lies!
Never mind the naysayers. I like the sass Mr. Tillis. @UNC is pretty awesome too.
you do know your approval rating has gone down to 27 percent.Your voters are not happy.No amnesty for illegals.Leave Laura along your wrong
please start doing your job you were ELECTED to Do!
And Stop Lying!
#OBAMASDEEPSTATE
did you notice how many likes Laura's tweet vs your tweet received?? You are part of the swamp 
First time I have seen him do anything and he comes out to strap the President and the people! Wrong choice
What a condesending arrogant hypocrite that needs to talk to some people about what his job is
Pro-Amensty RINO with a penchant for mansplaining, duely noted
#EricCantor
Senator, you Republicans eat your own worse than black widows. You let the nation down for 8 years & you're still at it. It's sick to watch
Doesn't matter, Thom!  NC expect you to support President Trump.  NC will #kickTHOMout !
@SenThomTillis U R liar, UR are pro amnesty a lot of US citizens have been killed due2 liberal views not supporting enforcement of our laws
29% approval rate in the Tar Heel State. Dude you are horrible and on your way out the door.
@ThisWeekABC Senator Tillis needs to take @Hillsdale's free course on the Constitution.
You need to support our president over the do nothing Senate.
No Senator you need to enroll in Civics http://101.You  will have plenty of time on your hands.When we vote you out of office Boom!
@ThisWeekABC @ThomTillis 26- 27% approval rating Thom? Sad. Very sad. I'm one of the many who disapproves u!
Senator you are a traitor your days are numberd we are coming 4 you President Trump is a patriot
Get behind our president or resign.
Hey Sen. Amnesty, very misogynistic calling a blond women uneducated, you're a disgrace faux conservative, RINO
Coming from the amnesty King.
Never thought I would be calling a republican a libtard but we have a big one with @SenThomTillis  when you tweet we all know
I don't live in your district or even in your state,but I will donate to your opponent in your next primary election.
Thom Tillis is the epitome of Rhino Establishment, anti Trumper. He is pro mass migration, unlimited visas
Thom Tillis is pro Amnesty. Deportations, e verify, wall, reduce all visas, end birthright citizenship and all benefits (schools/hospitals)
Wow that's about the first thing you said and I agree with @Laura Ingram does need to go back to school
Time for you to go!
Read the Constitution!! Your an embarrassment to NC
I'm listening to call after call people in NC that oppose this ridiculous bill you're pushing! @realDonaldTrump #FireMueller
Excuse me?! Who the hell does Tillis think he is? I'll take a Ingraham's knowledge & wisdom over your RINO ass any day! Get out my congress!
All the globalists funds/donations won't help you win your next election! The People are AWAKENING! #UNRIG
Did you take Oath to serve The American People & Our Constitution or pledge your loyalty to AIPAC?? Which comes 1st Senator? AIPAC or USA?
Maybe you lawmakers should also take some Civics classes. You don't seem to know the COnstitution either!! Support Trump & Voters.
Are you seriously having twitter war now???? Go meet with the folks you represent
No godforsaken hater GOP opinion from NC matters. Cesspool of ignorance. One day NC will shine again without GOP evangelical mental cases.
Sen. Mel Tillis-Ur just another confused shapeless msm/establishment dope. Ur mushmouth brand of republican is a disgrace to working people.
Go back to selling insurance Roland. Lukewarm republicans gave us 20 trillion debt, ms 13,speaker Pelosi maybe twice-OUTsourcing & globalism
You have to tip your hat to Democrats since they keep together . With guys like Flake , Mc Caine , Tillis  makes you think! NC 2020 vote out
Thom, when you fight our beloved Laura Ingraham, the entire conservative base of this country knows that you are a Chamber of Commrerce RINO
You're promoting one of the most liberal colleges in the state. It says alot for you to choose that school as an example. #FireTillis
Tillis can call it whatever he wants. He is for third world immigration increasing, crushing our wages and transforming our country
Term limits
Mueller is TAINTED, by statue he should recuse himself, BUT u give him COVER. It doesn't bother you that his team are ALL(D)CLINTON DONORS !
Term limits.
RE: civics. You can't "protect" Mueller from Trump. POTUS can fire anyone in the Executive Branch, per US Constitution. You posturing twit.
It's funny how the only thing the dems and republicans can work together on is against our president. The election are coming soon!!
Tillis you are a traitor to the American people. You are a establishment guy who just represents big business.
Dont follow ryan..hes a TRAITOR& will lose his job for his arrogant, globalist openBORDER,NOW FAKE COMMERICAL .LIAR.BACK TRUMP SUPPORTERS
Senator Tillis and others are attempting to assist in the Soft coup. This is treason. Americans wake and vote them out. Save america
Sorry Tillis you're no longer needed. Your agenda is not that of the people who elected you. Time to go.
Hey @SenThomTillis - support @POTUS & repeal/replace Obamacare, reform taxes, build wall! You work for us so DO YOUR JOB!
@ThisWeekABC @ThomTillis outstanding school, for  seven years the discovery of the worst academic fraud.
Deep State Thom, you might want to go back and see who voted you in, because we can vote you out for supporting Clintonite Mueller.
I voted for you. I will not make that mistake again!!
Get a Grip: Not just Constitution illiterate, You're a Lie-to-Get-Elected Big Govt Leftist Disgrace! F-Liberty Score https://www.conservativereview.com/pdf/412668.pdf 
Traitor to America and We The People, we elected Trump its time to do his agenda, Laura is great but really we want Muller fired yesterday!
You looked like a buffoon!
You MUST be gotten rid of. The whole Senate  (w few exceptions) is completely corrupt. You r so out of touch it is astounding. So ignorant!
You r no better or different than the Communist Democrats. U really do want to enslave the USA w u as the ruling class! We won't abide that
a liar? You have no compunction convicting the innocent while the guilty go free? This is one of the main things God hates. Have u no fear?
You know the Russia story is a hoax yet u r pushing forward w your bill. Why? Have u no integrity? Is someone blackmailing you? Or r u just
You are a disgrace - a traitor. We the people who voted for potus will do everything in our power to make sure you are voted out.
We elected @POTUS If you don't like him then cough up $30 mill and run yourself Trump will steam right over you
I voted for you sir thinking you would help North Carolina! I was wrong ! Once bitten twice shy! Your out of North Carolina next election!
Who cares! Tillis you are not a supporter of the President!  Maybe you should start soon!
Thom Tillis =  We didn't vote for republicans to vote for bills that hurts our POTUS. U r very Noble in your own mind #WeakKneedRinos
Grades from NC Base for putz @SenatorBurr : F. For this ass Tillis: F-.
I'm loving this thread! You're trying to ensure our gov't doesn't turn into a dictatorship & your base is losing their minds! #insanity
Good luck getting re-elected pissing in the punch bowl chief.  You insult @IngrahamAngle and you insult the Trump Train.
If you want to go against our president & 62M people who voted for him because you want to show independence then change your registration
Traitors among u @POTUS @realDonaldTrump like this turncoat @SenThomTillis
Tillis do your job !!! Your approval rating is lower than @POTUS . #TermLimitTillis
EARN WHAT THE PEOPLE ARE PAYING YOU FOR AND STP THE DOUBLE TALK, LIP SERVICE AND EXCUSES. GIVE OUR CHILDREN A GOOD EXAMPLE OF GOVERNMENT?
Kids working harder at McDonalds for minimum wage DON'T GET INSURANCE, DON'T  GET MONTHS OFF WITH PAYAND THEY TAKE MORE ABUSE FROM CUSTOMERS
When you hear DJT tweet and talk about fake news / Swamp you think . Susan Rice Unmasking employing FISA / spying on American citizens !!!
Why are we not addressing Illegal Unmasking, GPS / Russia. There is more than a smoking gun we have located bullets now ballistics required
What is wrong with you voters in NC? This man is awful. Call his office and tell him to move nomination of Ed Cissna. Then #TermLimitTillis
DOES YOUR CHILD/CHILDREN GET REWARD FOR BAD BEHAVIOR?  I DOUBT IT. YOU NEED TO CANCEL AUGUST RECESS AND WORK FOR  THE PEOPLE WHO PAY YOU NOW
@SenThomTillis,We did not elect you president. When you try to limit president's power,we will work to make sure you are never elected again
these 3 points you rally for makes you a #democrat in #republican clothing. U will be voted out.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @potus
IF YOU BELIEVE WHAT YOU SAID ON CHRIS WALLACE.........GET BACK ON A PLANE TO DC AND WORK THE PEOPLE WHO ARE PAYING YOU. GET WORK DONE!!!!
how the f can you not know it's a #WitchHunt  after @MaxineWaters insane rants. @potus @DonaldJTrumpJr
Hey Thom Tillis you are a wise ass...The worse thing we could have in our government. Hope they vote you out. #MAGA
Senator Tillis regarding you proposed legislation for Bob Muller its chilling.  Having presenting cases at EDNY  a GJ in DC w/ 4% Vote DJT
Mr Tillis. So glad you are there to protect us from our president. Shame on you. We need some republicans to watch his back.
U gobble liberal c0que #rino #scumbag #traitor #resignnow
C0quesucker. #rino #scumbag #resignnow
#scumbag leftist #rino #buildthewall #resignnow
Senator, touché.
You are shameful. You've been added to the RINO column with McCain, Collins, and Murkowski.
Inghram was clerk for SC justice Thomas! Congress does NOT have the authority to override the constitution. Why fight Trump?
That's what is wrong with the people we elect in to office, they think they are superior to the rest of us. 2021 isn't that far away!

@ThisWeekABC @ThomTillis Your bill to protect Mueller is an outrage.  I can't wait to vote against you.
Your job is to make the laws.......said a 7th grade Civics student.
So TT maybe you should take a few classes you're certainly not much of a rep. Sorry I can't vote you out but I'm talking to lots of NC pals
@ThisWeekABC @ThomTillis uh, she'd destroy you in s debate in five seconds
I don't think this bill will pass the 9 Judge panel of the Supreme Court.
You'll have plenty of time to do that once we get your lying butt out of office. TRAITOR
The fact that you need an intro into civics in college says a lot about the education system in your state. By the way get on the train!
Sir - you're wrong and @IngrahamAngle is right.  The GOP Caucus in Senate has been an abject failure during Pres Trump's time in office.
I'm taking those classes now to CHALLANGE you in the next Election, NOT Supporting @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA #Covfefe 
You will be teaching civics 101 in 2018, TRUMP voters will not forget your anti @POTUS  stand
Hopefully, you will no be in office long. Your are as stiff as a robot. Your state is bleeding, and you have done nothing for your state
The reality is you worked against the president with COONS of all people. A Trump hating Russia conspiracy theorist. Embarrassing
You are gullible fool.
I'd vote for a Dem before I'd vote for Tillis. But what's the difference?
Schools are only good as the grass & teachers. Been watching Harvard law prof tweeting garbage.
It is obvious you are one of those chomping at the bit to derail Trump.
Typical #EstablishPol; Conservative @ election time, then DONORS come FIRST & DESPITE of POOR Service Arrogant w #GOP_TaxPayers_LegalVoters!
UNC a liberal college.  Is that why you're not for the people who voted you in senator? You're suppose to wk for all NC ppl not just donors
They are holding the passport of the N.C. lady that was cleared of all charges, did you know?
Sir I am from roatan but live in Mississippi the N.C. lady was released but....
The voters are taking note Senator.... you will hear from us.
You and the other republicans working against Trump can kiss your careers goodbye! Helping the dims is going to start a civil war! Idiots!!!
And why do you feel it necessary to attack conservatives Senator? Perhaps you are not one?
You've miscalculated the hate and anger that you're attracting by turning on a Pres Trump.  Rhinos being exposed left and right. Bye bye
Thom u Moran, u cannot pass a Bill/Statue to change it, Can only be done by changing the Constitution.He just wants free press ....
Or Thom is incredibly stupid & needs to educate himself on our Constitution then he has no business being a Sen. Political Suicide for Thom
VOTE HIM OUT.  WORTHLESS RINO...!!!
You are a complete joke @SenThomTillis. @IngrahamAngle got it right.  Time to Drain The Swamp!
Laura is right.  TILLIS pathetic establishment hypocrite
LETS MAKE TILLIS PAY AND VOTE HIM OUT OF OFFICE. BURR AND TILLIS MUST GO!
Another liberal acting protending to be a republican.
How much more dollars are going to be wasted chasing the non-existent Trump - Russia boogeyman.
3. Even though DHS has increased the#2 15,000
He's unsure if hes still going2 block the nomination 

These Hacks R Coming out of woodwork
Tillis - Chattanooga State Community College. Ingraham - Dartmouth College and University of Virginia (J.D.).  Hmmm.....
2. Basically This Rep Hack is Blackmailing With Obstruction 
To Get His Way
He Wants DHS 2 increase the #of TEMP VISAS 4unskilled workers
Perhaps you should take one on loyalty!  Loyalty to our POTUS
1. U know wht this Traitorous Jack Ass Is Doing Obstructing Cessna nomination from reaching the floor 4 a vote
I regret that I voted for you...with your anti Trump crap....won't happen again I promise you that.
Hey Tillis, President Trump @potus has plenary power over the Executive Branch, and your proposed statute would be irrelevant. Civics 102.
That's it. Attack conservatives. You need to go...
He's not a conservative.  He's an idiot.  He so stupid he thinks that he can make his idiotic law retroactive.  That is unconstitutional.
