FINALLY!! Someone actually making sense. Be prepared for a fight from the other side. They will always find something wrong.
If you want to legalize them, you will be a one term senator!
Re: your bio. Isn't that what DACA did? Why re-invent? Just pass DACA into law.
Yet you do nothing but sabotage the American people.  I hope and pray y'all do something so people will see you work for illegals not citize
Pretty sure Obama acted because the congress couldn't get it together.   Better luck this time
Don't refer to them as children. 70% ages 23 - 35 hold the jobs that 8 million jobless AMERICANS should/could have. Watching closely in NC
If those jobless citizens (the Dreamers ARE American except by paper) would have those jobs if they had the qualifications the #dreamers do
8 million "jobless AMERICANS" could hold the jobs that 91% of 790,000 DACA recipients currently fill? You're terrible at math. Quit now.
Actually, # is 4 million of same age. 70% of the 800,000 (560,000) would go a long way 2 employ some of those 4 million+ other 95 M jobless
Those jobless would be employed rather than the #Dreamers if they had the qualifications. We WANT educated striving young people in the US.
Seriously?  90+ million unemployed AMERICANS and nobody is qualified? Avg pay is 17.00 per hr...I'd say many qualify.
Your ignorance and hate betray you. "Americans" don't want those jobs. They would rather her nothing if they can't get $35 or more an hour.
Send them back!  They don't belong here.
Get behind Trump!!!
Children of illegal border jumpers should be required to apply and be admitted to citizenship just like any other applicant.  Merit based.
The #dreamers have already proven their merit
Senator Tillis, Action Speaks Louder Than Words & Based on Your History We Will Wait & See What Happens! We Do Not Trust You or The GOP!
Support the #DreamAct.  Thanks for creating a path forward for individuals that only know our country and serve it in a law-abiding way.
Just make sure it favors legal americans and NOT illegals so that businesses can continue their cheap labor. #tcot
What's your rationale for not supporting the dream act?
Thank you for doing the right thing by protecting the Dreamers!
I sure hope you are successful in your efforts.  Many students right here in NC are in distress with fear.  No politics with their lives.
@SenatorBurr  Great start on all the items that need to be addressed by congress.  Keep it up, and get the business of the country done!
What is it you don't get? WE DON'T WANT THEM TO HAVE LEGAL STATUS WE WANT THEM DEPORTED!!!!!!!
Yeah. You are going done the next election. Congress is sad.
Mr. ONE TERM Senator, do not propose amnesty for illegals.
Why are you not a democrap?

For those elected officials in N. Carolina: I walked the streets to get Trump elected, don't get it twisted, most won on Trump's shirt-tails
This is why I will not vote again for you.
I support this as a Durham constituent and as a Democrat. I would love to see more civility, compromise and professionalism in those we pay.
All this "support" from people that will never vote for him. Be proud Tillis, be real proud!
Cool
OK, now work as hard to pass some laws that benefit the LEGAL hardworking citizens and do something about this ridiculous healthcare!!!
The devil's in the details, but I'm cautiously optimistic. Thanks for steps in the right direction. NC can lead the way. #DACA #DREAMers
Don't bother calling any of Thom Tillis' offices to voice a complaint. Either you get a voice mail or a staffer that will hang up on you.
Want to hear you address border security FIRST  - don't incentivize more illegal immigration.
Pass the DREAM Act.
This guy is an egg sucking weasel.I will have to vote for a Democrat in his next run or the Republicans will need to put up a good candidate
What is wrong with our current immigration laws?  We simply need to enforce them!
who is going to pay for their higher education? that would be us, the middle class which have our own children's college to pay for.
The executive order followed legislative inaction, but fine, point made. Please follow through on protecting these young Americans. #DACA
You threw senior citizens out of the courts in NC with your "Tort reform".  Insurance rates didn't decline!!!

Do Not prop up Obamacare!!!
We expect u to support the president!!!!  You "geniuses" have done NOTHING of significance!  Pay ur health care bills!!!
What about tending to the poison Chemours Corp is dumping in the Cape Fear River
People of NC: PLEASE vote out this damn PRO AMNESTY IDIOT RINO!
Why does America Help illegals more than we help our own? Some Americans dont get Free med, housing.
If an American was illegal in another country. They would be put in jail/prison.
HOW HARD ARE YOU WORKING ON OBAMACARE??!!  MY PREMIUMS ARE RIDICULOUS!!
WHAT'S THE STATUS OF THE BORDER WALL??!!!!??
#DumpDACA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
....AND not on any public assistance.
We have legislation addressing that already. It's called #DACA. What are you going to do to keep it?
So, basically all the stuff that is already required for DACA?

Really groundbreaking stuff here ... Thom. Jesus.
Thank you Senator for your efforts. Please work with other Republicans and Democrats to make this happen.
We invited them in. This seems fair.
I plan to vote you out in 2020.
Come together & get these Dreamers out of limbo!  I appreciate you workin with both GOP & Dems to get this passed.  Forget the wall
How about doing the right thing and signing on to S1615 instead? #DreamAct2017 #Dreamers
From the Bishop: A Call to Prayer and Witness as DACA is Rescinded https://nccumc.org/bishop/bishop-call-prayer-witness-daca-rescinded/ … via @nccumc
Interesting because that is what they are now so you shouldn't have supported the rescinding of #DACA. Talking out of both sides of ur mouth
Now...stop attaching PORK to every good idea
How about introducing your resignation.
What happened to applying for & studying to be
a LEGAL CITIZEN?
Why is it no one brings this up??

#MAGA 
We already have it! It's called DACA!
That's a real creepy picture.  Anyone see the movie IT?
#chamberofcommerce approved #cheaplaborapproved
Add: no govt support ever!, no voting rights, no criminal record including misdemeanor, no leaving country > 30 days yearly, build WALL
They are both undocumented and ilegal, send them back and their parents. This is ploy to create even more chain migration. Choose wisely.
Great start! But I hope you will also work with Democrats on this. A bill with bipartisan support will be more likely to succeed.
Tillis is a Rhino who panders to his Democrat heavy district.  Vote him out.
In what way will you differ from GOP majority?  If it doesn't include a path to citizenship, don't bother.
Democrats plan: blanket amnesty for all
Republican plan: apply for legal status and go through the process legally
My wife is an immigration paralegal. You wouldn't believe the legal process: cumbersome, lengthy, and expensive. THAT needs to be fixed.
These are not children, Thom. The average age is 26. And they are taking jobs those BORN in the USA should have. Shame on you!
#AmericaFirst
NC will lose $1.9 billion a year w/o this.
That is completely false. These ppl make up less than 1% of working population. Plus, then Americans can fill those jobs.
Trumppuppet,very racist. Their citizenship should be unconditional, and you know it. You're a coward, resign.
Tillis' only supporters in North Carolina are democrats.
Funny thing is, they would never vote for him against a Dem. So all this a** kissing is for naught.
I think non-citizens in the military is a recipe for corruption. How many democrats worked on your campaign?
It's about time. What do you guys do besides trying to get reelected?
Nothing...not a darned thing. Did anyone have a town hall meeting these past few weeks while our LEADERS were home? I didn't hear of any....
While you're at it, complete the Legislation you last tweeted with your smiling snapper head preventing Trump from firing Mueller.
I have to admit, your doing this plus seeking to block interference in Mueller investigation are winning me over. Good job.
YES!  #turncoattillis is NOT A REPUBLICAN!!
Illegals in our armed forces? Taking an oath to OUR Constitution? Is this AFTER they become citizens?  Love America? become citizens FIRST!
There has been no path to citizenship for #dreamers #DreamersMakeAmericaGreat
I know. Congress can make law to that effect going forward. It's a MUST for them to stay. If they love America, should be NO problem..right?
why didn't you support the bill Rubio put forth?
Seriously you could not get health care done for the American people who are suffering under Obamacare but you're going to put illegals 1st
@SenThomTillis plz include Ageing out children of Legal Immigrant children also in  new Bills @SenatorCarper  @ChrisCoons @SenKamalaHarris
Does Pappy approve?
Please don't let Trump become a modern day Hitler.
#EndDACA Americans first, Veterans first! We need a NC senator who is on our side! Give away our jobs and money and you can be replaced!
Democrats are introducing a clean bill of the DREAM act. Vote for that.
The fact you think this is a priority for those who voted for you shows how clueless you are. Failed on #Obamacare, failed on #border-wall.
Yes, Thom is rushing to help illegal adult aliens, & does nothing for his constituents. Tillis is finished.
As your constituent (27317), I ask that you OPPOSE any attempt to condition the DACA bill on funding for Dear Leader's wall.
You are such a grandstander. Every other week you're introducing a bill, none of them what your voters want. See you in 2020!
Every idea Thom has is a miserable idea. He s/ just sit quietly until we can throw him out in 2020.
Protect DACA population. Pls do NOT add-on other legislative poison pills. Work w Dems. Represent ALL of your constituents.
Democrats did not want to work with us why the hell should we work with them I was a Democrat I left DemocratsDoNotCareforThe Americanpeople
Who cares about which party you support? There have to be at least two for a democracy. "They started it" is for children.
Thank you!
Yeah, the #DREAMers have already met all those stipulations, Senator. So pass it.
are we supposed to pretend that the parents that brought them here payed taxes and did every thing else properly?
when you monkeys realize that it has nothing to do with skin color, but being free riders on taxpayers #inthesolution
if the fine people of this state don't primary your RINO ass, I'll vote dem. Never will you or Burr get a vote from me.
No hooks or blackmail Tom.Don't think Republicans are capable of doing something simply because "it's the right thing to do". Prove me wrong
When do you intend to do this?  How is this different from DACA?  Is it better because it would be law rather than EO?
Oh Thom - you already showed your party loyalties with your bipartisan jab tweet the other day. your credibility is ZERO. #pathetic
It better have a cutoff date for only thise here as of YESTERDAY.
Thank you Senator Tillis
What do you consider a child? Those who were forced to come here because their parents broke our laws are now adults.
Congrats.  Will it have to be rescinded because it is illegal.  Like the property tax legislation u passed in NC? #votehimout
