GOMER IDIOT
I will NO LONGER financially support the GOP as a whole!   I will ONLY support those in the Party who stand FIRM with President Trump!
Trump is a traitor and a clown!
Spoken from the mouth of a "special" person who has no visible attachment to reality.
WAR WITH NORTH KOREA WOULD KILL OVER 100k   PEOPLE THE FIRST DAY ACCORDING PENTAGON LED BY PRESIDENT WHO HATED BY 61% OF American  PEOPLE
Elected officials have a duty to remove a president too incompetent to serve. Instead they complain about leaks.
Send a message to our own enemies in govt! Indict them!
Yes so WHAT you voted yes to take health care from North Carolinians 2018 and your out.

REPEAL OCARE
bullsheet the message is to the american public that who we elect will not be allowed to govern
Yeah, but our European's allies beg to differ. Have you guys thought this through?
VOTE OUT John McCain, @LisaMurkowski and @SenatorCollins Collins OUT OF OFFICE! You cowards! Support trump! Phony politicians. Disgusting.
after failed repeal, we no longer believe anything you say.
What a friggin joke--Dude, We see right through U
Crooked Smile, crooked Tillis
 #WarOnPoor #NC @cnn @FoxNews
I hope @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Takes @SenateGOP @SenThomTillis HEALTHCARE AWAY--as you ATTEMPTED to do to the poor! *See how it feels #NC
More threats, and like everything else, you do nothing. "Obamacare"!
Get back to work on what you promised for 7 years and let the real Generals deal with North Korea.
Big whoop!

Now. Get to work saving and improving ACA.

No Medicare/Medicaid cuts

Lower drug prices.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5gLbo4KtaY …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKUrJ5Jug7I …
If you bums vote to bail out Obamacare we will vote you from power in droves all liars repeal or go home
Take there healthcare Mr President you bums Need Obamacare for not repealing it
DUN U KNOW U CANT SQUEEZE BLOOD FROM A STONE? EXT. BANKRUPT ME? IVE GOT NOTHING FOR U TO TAKE TO BEGIN WITH!
Your job now is to impeach Trump! We want him out! NOW!!!!!
As soon as he commits a crime like Hilary, debbie wasserman schultz, Jane Sanders, etc.... shall I go on? #fakenews

As soon as he commits a crime like Hilary, debbie wasserman schultz, Jane Sanders, etc.... shall I go on? #fakenews
Sanctions r BULLS**T ...U GUYS BETTER START FIGHTING FOR TRUMP. OR TRUMP VOTERS WILL MAKE U PAY IN 2018
the President has the Power to negotiate,to take that away, is Unconstitutional
And do absolutely nothing to help healthcare or taxes which is your top priority for the American people. You have done nothing to help us
Sanction Congress! Cut off insurance subsidies!
THAT'S ME INCLUDED? WHY THE HELL R U SANCTIONING ME? DUN U KNOW U CANT SQUEEZE BLOOD FROM A STONE? EXT. BANKRUPT ME? IVE GOT NOTHING FOR U
What about #US transgressions to every law of the #UN and the environment laws signed by US

Stop the sweet talk you all better start looking for a new job. Your sanctions mean sh!t they just laugh at us.
We the people are going to enact sanctions on the Senate
Not repealing Obamacare sends a clear message to the American people that you are more interested in Russia and can't get  done
You realize your Overlord says there's nothing to ANY of this Russia business right?
PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for GOP.  No more Trump threats and bullying. Why defend his antics?
Putin's boyfriend is going to have a tantrum.
Yes,  and who  is going to hold Trump accountable  for  his crazy actions? He's against GOP  too. Impeach him,  he's unfit. MOAB EXAMPLE.
YOU HAVE TO DO ACTION NOW
#Trump says you guys are all fools
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
#recallthemall
Next week I'll have my website up getting names who will run as "Conservative Inds" in 2018 just to split the vote and destroy the @GOP
please don't put sanctions on the countries that produce clothing for Ivanka.  I want her to be able to pay poor kids an unlivable wage
Do not allow the GOP to sabotage the ACA!
isn't that just super terrific. "look at us being tough on Russia". "nothing to see here folks"
It couldnt be more obvious that there is a "there" there where this Prez & Putin are concerned thankfull for any restrictions on @POTUS
Hope what you are saying is true and not just another way to try to box @POTUS in.  Get on #TrumpTrain
I hope President Trump veto's any Bill drafted by Democrats and Republican Party TRAITORS, including this one!
All while grabbing constitutional power away from #POTUS

Who is this guy? How dare he want us to wear boxers over briefs!
Did you hear? They're going to take our cookies away if we don't play by their rules.
Too bad you self righteous scum couldn't pass health care and tax chngs as fast. All you care abt is get this out of the way so you can reds
Yes sure. Pass the dam healthcare bill!

You want a pat on the back for once showing integrity and voting for something Trump didn't want?
Our congress has put sanctions on three governments by doing this it will mean that their governments will increase tensions with US !
Yeah like they care...... their only goal destroy USA but go ahead play your foolish games
For the first time in months we can agree....

The only problem is that further sanctions against Iran violate our treaty with them with which they have been compliant. Stupid move.
sanctions do nothing but cause these countries to get pissed off and retaliate in some way
Do you now. When they've seen the division in this country, you think this vote will change their minds? Did I miss something? 98-2, right?
Don't think for one second you can use this to distract us from your yes vote last night. #wewontforget #thomvotes2screwthemiddleclass
Better focus on NoKo.
Yea like we rely on you, begging for years to keep and improve Obamacare!  You Republicans are destroying America!
You've got about two months before it's too late to turn the ship around.
Ryan-Priebus ally tells me Trump is moving toward "an independent WH" untethered from the Republican Party
If Russia's goal was chaos....they were successful.
President Trump has no choice but sign the bill, he cannot use his veto. Senate will override it.it's the first squeeze from the republicans
Can Americans read these sanctions? I don't believe a word you guys say or write! @washingtonpost @nytimes @maddow @JoyAnnReid @CNNnewsroom
Damn you finally did something smart.
You forgot to mention the sanctions on the president....
Stop importing foreigners to replace American citizens.
Thank you for doing something bipartisan!!!! A win for the American people!
Thank you!!
: My other quote: My votes to eliminate healthcare send clear message I don't support HC for those who need it most
#FakeNews from RINO scum!!!
our congress is driven by media!
#DrainTheSwamp of RINO scum (@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain ) #TermLimits
Bottom Line: Congress in bipartisan and unanimous way got sanctions bill of Soros passed, failed to do anything to help Americans! Pathetic!
Does the President have to sign that? I'm thinking I don't agree with your assessment and the President won't either.
And you whiney #RINOS will find a way to disappoint America & @POTUS with this too. #failures
So Senate and @HouseGOP, now that you have completed Soros business, 6-week vacation, or will you stay in DC to progress people's agenda?
Despite Ocare total fail, GOPe and Dems took time out to overwhelmingly vote for sanctions to limit Trump's power (never to Obama)

MORONS!
So you signed sanctions with Dems and they blocked you on fixing ACA? They own you, GOP is 1 big spineless jellyfish
Only in DC Sewer do employees completely fail on a project, then leave on 6-week vacation

In business, they would be on permanent vacation!
They all will be eventually..

Americans are ass holes!
Iran sanctions for years and Obama gave back all the sanctions money,. Obama told the world American government stupid.
Oh yeah.
Oh spare me. More nothingness
GOOOOOO>>> DO NOTHING!!! AS USUAL!!!!
So; ur taking the responsibility in case one of three or all three send us a few rockets because of ur smarter than @potus @vp. Best luck!
So what about Obamacare??  Stop trying to cover your failure!!  Stop trying to deny the fact that we elected Trump because of your inaction!
Trumpa gotta be upset
what about the message you've sent to us for failing to repeal O'Bama care? And not having a replacement plan-7 years? Shameful
Good, but I must wonder will the Senate Republicans also hold Donald Trump accountable for his transgressions?
No they won't. They're a bunch of cowards.
Yes! That the @GOP & Congress are bought & paid for! That you have usurped the @POTUS power, even though Russia did not Hack DNC proven Fact
Now send a clear & unified message to Americans that anyone involved with Russia must go.

Yeah they are so afraid they fired another missile towards Japan. Boy he's scared of us now. He believes he can win.
Yep, the message is "Because it is now illegal, the price is now higher, our profit is bigger, and Trump will want his cut of those profits.
that is great news now get a bill on the president's desk  to repeal and replace Obamacare.  
Yes it will, They need patience because with Obamacare Millions will die, Without Healthcare Millions will die. Wait for us all to Die.
good step
Trump sign it yet?
Just a bunch of words.  Blah blah blah.
Yeah we'll get that pouty toddler to sign them.
You forgot? to include Putin's Syrian pipeline that he started the war over. Arab pipeline destroyed. Gas goes up. Putin profits. Good Job!
Pres should have all Americans in political positions come home before Putin throws them out like obama did to the Russian s here in USA
Too bad #senate republicans didn't work that hard to help#we the people and repeal Obamacare! Drain the swamp! #MAGA
You guys are brave trolling your party's leader
I am really glad you passed sanctions on Russia, but this alone is not adequate.
Can you get Trump to sign it?
We can just hold out the hope that the President will exercise his veto power!
This is to legitimize any aggression taken against N. Korea or Iran. He's a cornered animal. Protect us, @GOP, before it's too late.
No what you did was take away Trump's power you schmucks. All are not equal in danger to the US. i hope we end up in court to fight this .

This video of McCain voting no with Stone Cold Steve Austin wrestling audio in the background may be the greatest thing ever. #ResistanceWon 
Sanctions will probably be just about as effective as your push to #repeal was! Weak @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP.. 7yrs of lies. #Midterm
Do you think Trump will sign it?
Instead of worrying with sanctions how about worrying about health care reform and tax reform. Sanctions really are meaningless
They send a clear message to Trump
 you make me laugh.....
The President must have full authority to increase or decrease sanctions based upon information he receives. Congress is incompetent.
No YOUR Potus is imcompetent!
As it should be....now who's going to sanction the "Terrorists" in the @WhiteHouse
While ur at it, do something about the #RussianCollusion  your party and POTUS
Beats being the democrat party.
Sanctions don't work.
Yup, the message is...mess with your people like GOP tried to do with healthcare and we will sign paper after paper condemning you....

I don't think NK has logical thought to process your message. They need more than sanctions
Please recall and replace @lisamurkowski .

AK can recall her at any time. No need to wait for 2022!

http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/recall-of-state-officials.aspx#List_of_States_with_Process …
But you are handcuffing the Presidents ability to conduct foreign policy!  VETO
That's a good thing.
Gods Own Puke
