Immigration policy must be set through legislation, not executive orders. (2/9)
I intend to introduce legislation addressing the legal status of undocumented children. (3/9)
POTUS is giving Congress time to fulfill its responsibility & take long-term action on the uncertainty for undocumented children. (4/9)
Undocumented children were brought to America through no fault of their own. (5/9)
My legislation will provide a fair and rigorous path for undocumented children to earn legal status. (6/9)
The path to earn legal status would require them to be employed, pursue higher education or serve in our military. (7/9)
This commonsense legislative fix can & should unite members of Congress. I’ll work closely with my colleagues on the path forward. (8/9)
It’s up to my Dem colleagues to decide on a permanent solution or make it a political wedge issue. I hope they choose bipartisanship. (9/9)
Good. NC voters expect you to support it, and our president.
WHY did I respond to a BOT?!?! 
I did too. Oh well ...
Happens to the best of us!  They're is just so damn many of them. Over half of Trumps followers are bots!
Only "over half" ? That is scary
A lot of his followers are people who hate him and his policies but feel a responsibility to keep an eye on him.
Makes sense
Just had a thought. If you follow DT, but you oppose DT, why not tweet and tell him?
Any idea how mad we will be if Senate passes legal immigration for "Dreamers" but didn't pass repeal & replace on the ACA?  We are watching.
The majority of Americans want to fix both DACA and the ACA.The minority of Americans who support Trump may need to get used to this feeling
It wasn't a minority who elected him, Bubba.
Electoral college. Might want to pick up a civics book.
Electoral college isn't a majority vote... might want to pick up an education.
And yet, a majority of the electoral college votes is how a president arrives in the Oval Office. Heed your own advice...civics 101.
@glorygal37.. you said it wasn't a minority that elected Trump and electoral college has nothing to do with a Majority vote...
Clinton had almost 2.9 MILLION more votes than Trump and won the Popular vote. Trump's votes came non educated whites..Non-Educated -73%
Looking forward to seeing a bipartisan effort to save DACA. Better late than never.
Kat, he received more legal votes. You need to learn to count and read so you can gather the truth instead of relying on the lying msm.
Please show us data to back this up. Show us not only 3 million votes by people proven undocumented AND that they all voted for Hillary.
As it should.  And you should support OUR president.
Good move but do NOT use this as an excuse let up on investigating Trump's ties to Russia.
POTUS announced that they are cruel and white supremacists? We already knew that. What we didn't know is that you are a puppet to them.
Skippy yoj really need to do something for the people of North Carolina. All of us, dreamers and dream supporters.
How about doing something to help the American people. Illegal immigrants are taking American jobs and keeping wages low.
Also to repeal these policies Obama put in place. Do the will of the people or get ready to be replaced!
What part of illegal immigration do you not understand.  The people elected the president to stop illegal immigration.
I love how now you want to pin it on Dems. Since it's gop who stand in the way
I hope you guys can follow through on some serious immigration reform that can help the good ones. TX first.  Then tax reform & immigration
Please please do not send these people away!!!
Why not work with Senators Harris and Graham?
This is immoral and the fact that you think we're uninformed voters at this point is ridiculous! How can you defend this blatant racism???
Put a wall with it might pass
DACA was and is an Unconstitutional Executive Order. Congress can now do the work it is supposed to do. Combine DACA and RAISE act!
This is TOTALLY A BOT.
TOTALLY....NOT
Yes you are, weird grammatical errors everywhere that make no sense even for Americans with little education.
I'm sorry. I wish I had a 6th grade diploma like you...

So it looks like congress may actually have to do something for a change
Looks like your boy threw you under the bus again. If you fail, it will be on you, not on him. But, hey, that's on you and his base.
I oppose phasing out the Dreamers program. 27127
And it is wrong
Where do  you stand on this decision @SenThomTillis ?  I hope you would not turn your back on those who have worked within this program.
Please rid us of this mentally ill POTUS. Marsha Hammond PhD Asheville NC LICENSED PSYCHOLOGIST
What do you support in its place?
Do you realize 95% of NC DACA kids are in higher ed or working? Nc will lose $$
Disgusting.  Do your job, pass legislation.
Perhaps YOU missed the @WhiteHouse press conference,
@POTUS will only accept a COMPREHENSIVE immigration bill NOT a Dreamers only bill.
#MAGA Our wise President knows well that Law making is the job of Congress.

About time
Thank you Senator. I agree that this should have been addressed a long time ago through legislation. I hope your colleagues work with you.
What about the parents of the illegal immigrants and what about the kids that came to the usa after 2007??? Wow!!!
We expect you to support our president and the children of American citizens first.
I don't know anyone who has less because someone else has more. There is plenty for everyone, we all have to earn our own way.  Daca kids do
You guys have the power to end his reign of terror and are not doing anything to stop him
We should address the issue of those who were unscrupulously profiting from "legal" immigration through the EB-5 program.
This constituent ask that you show the compassion, humanity that is lacking in trump. Support children. Support DACA.
If it doesn't work, can you get a bill going to kick out gold diggers that marry disgusting fat billionaires for Green Cards?
91% ARE either educated, getting higher education, working or serving in the military already. 100% NOT criminals. What more can you expect?
What about the majority who are now adults?
Courageous statement Thom.  Your bipartisan bill w Coons "Special Counsel Integrity Act" also courageous. T. Roosevelt is a good role model.
Thank you.
Sorry @SenThomTillis You are re-writing history. You and @GOP colleagues refused to act and forced @BarackObama 's hand. NOW you'll act?
Pass legislation
I suggest milltary service to all congressman and woman.  It's just the right thing to do
One-term Tillis, revealing that your cheap labor scheme doesn't address all the ILLEGAL relatives of ILLEGAL kids allowed to stay under DACA
We are Extremely Upset By President Trump's Decision to End DACA & Send Young People Into Death or Injury! No True Christian Would Do This!
Trump's narcissist way of getting what he wants, without seeming to give in. We are not that stupid, Senator.
Hey, @marcorubio co-sponsor?
Congress has choices to make. We need to get it done.
OK at first I thought way to go Sen Tillis, then I remembered how U Repubs voted down the Dreamer legislation that Prez Obama asked for. Meh
…see here’s a senator willing to do his job. you know the way it is supposed to work, via legislation not a damn pen.
U can't get anything done in Congress.  If you put American's 1st, you can get a lot done!
Thank you for your advocacy for these children!Glad to see your thread on this!
Keep #DACA in its current format. It is rigorous enough.
But with no pathway to citizenship. The only good thing that could come out of this mess is if Congress gives them a way to do that.
All you care about is these kids parents supplying the cheap labor your masters at the Chamber demand.
Ain't that the truth.
Blood Will be on #MeinTrumpf Tiny Hands   If One of The Dreamers Dies Overseas .. PERIOD..
So you have time for those who broke our laws, but not for tax reform or healthcare for Citizens.
We will not forget. #RinoPurge2018
Gee, an opportunity for Sen Thom to do the right thing. To support DACA. To do something other than what Mitch says.  What's your guess?
Time for you to earn a living at a real job because these people have been working hard for years.  YOU haven't
#ProtectDREAMers #DefendDREAMers
Trump's #DACA decision doesn't protect the thousands of #Dreamers serving in the military - proof of how wantonly cruel this decision is. 
dude, what else could they possibly do? they go to school, they work, they pay taxes,
So you're going to "take care" of ILLEGALS before you pass tax reform & repeal Ocare for US CITIZENS? You're putting ILLEGALS 1st?
What a slap in the face to @realDonaldTrump voters if you pass amnesty for illegals before 
repealing Obamacare @seanhannity @AnnCoulter
Your idol said there are rapists and "bad Hombres" and here you go supporting the removing decent,productive and contributing residents
Like POTUS said you can't change the past by changing the future.  SHAME, SHAME, & more SHAME.
Shame on you. Show some compassion. These kids didn't ask to be brought here.
You are supporting a squelching of anyone with dreams, not just Dreamers.  You and the Red Monster should be ashamed.
this is disgusting & cruel. y'all had a chance to make a law& because Obama was black u didn't vote for it. don't call yourself a Christian.
Horrible, cruel, immoral, bigotry. This is NOT who we are.
Senator Tillis, You & The Other Republicans Will Be Responsible for Keeping DACA, & The Democrats Will Join You If You Are Honest!
#savedaca
Please push your Republican colleagues in both houses to pass legislation on this ASAP.
