Is amnesty what you were selling the voters when they elected you?
Most are not minors!
Get behind trump or lose your seat
IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF CONGRESS TO SUPPORT OUR IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Actually, no. See, congress is charged with making laws and changing them. They can fix broken systems.
The only thing broken about our immigration law is lack of support for enforcement!
Lmaooo admit you don't know what the different branches of government do.
Then pass a bill that would help these citizens w/o documents
Since you are not in their shoes you say that, you just not have seen what they have endure to be able to feel part of something.
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/904555904246235136 …
#RepealRinos...
And @SenThomTillis , undocumented is a Democrat term...I think you mean ILLEGAL!
As a constituent of this great state.  How about you focus on legal Americans first!  Or we will vote for someone that will! #EndDACA
Yes! Listen to the people Tillis 28704
Not your problem to play stepparent, not possible for debt payment already spent. The training they have will benefit them when deported.
So why the hell did you let Scumbama get away with all his crap immigration policies for so long?? You are a panderer to the democrats.
Translation: I'm afraid I won't be voted back in because I think illegal votes outweigh American votes! - warning: we will #DrainTheSwamp
Bull crap. That's a Democrat excuse.
No, the parents need to decide that. Send them home!!!
You mean illegal minors
You mean the same Congress that has sat on this issue for YEARS and cannot get ANYTHING done?
No senator it's is your responsibility to respect & protect the rule of law. This crap will never pass & NC needs new senate representation
  
Feelings are not law. Did Congress sign the EO?
It's the responsibility of Congress to address the long-term uncertainties facing USA Citizens!!
Please keep up the good fight, Senator Tillis
Yes it is! Deport them & all illegal aliens! It's not our fault they came here thinking they could get a free ride! Deport them! #EndDACA
Any uncertainty that these kids (actually adults) have should be taken up with their parents who brought them here illegally Period
Illegal is illegal ass hat
#EndDACA support our president!
End the long term uncertainty, deport them. American Citizens aren't good enough for you?
Undocumented minors otherwise known as ILLEGAL ALIENS. It is responsibility of Congress to address short/long term needs of CITIZENS!
Agree 
End the uncertainty:
End DACA and deport them all now.
Fund and build the wall.
End H1-B, HB-2
Cut immigration.
Stop sucking up to business
Looks like the senators big biz buddies needs the cheap labor and is going to sell out America and Americans! https://t.co/G38WvxRyZ4 
End DACA @IngrahamAngle @GOPChairwoman @AnnCoulter
Enforce our damn laws already! @GOPChairwoman @GOP @DanScavino @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/0xYvxOu6sU 
American citizens should always come first! Always! I guess the senator got his checks from the chamber for the cheap labor the need!
Dude no. End DACA.

It is your job to represent the citizens and put our interests first https://t.co/B5wVEwE89L 
Seriously, why do you hate Americans? Why do you put illegal aliens before Americans?
NEWSFLASH they aren't your constituents
It is alarming that this is your #1 priority.
ROTFL. They would be 50 before you guys could get something done. Go ahead try......
Long term? The compassionate thing is to send them back with their parents.
Kick them the F out. You don't have any responsibility to fix this mess to make it easy for them to stay. Give them 60days to be gone.
according to the supreme court who ruled no amnesty for daca that should tell you that they new it was a illegal deal by Obama
RESIGN
First of all @SenThomTillis these DACA minors as you call them are 20/30 yr old ppl. They are not children and babies. Your lying to the ppl
Your Responsibility is to help Americans First, North Carolinians First. Obamacare has sat 8 years waiting on Republicans to fix!
Most of these "undocumented" minors in question are in their 20's & 30's 
We are a nation of laws! Repeal DACA send them back! #NoDACA
No -- it is Congress' responsibility to follow the law! Are you @SpeakerRyan's lackey? Both of you ignore @POTUS agenda!
HARVEY has given me the most profound hope for America and utter contempt at #CONGRESS. #LOSERS
Contempt for the mayors who argued with their governor about folks evacuating prior to storm, too. What political arm wrestling bullsh*t!
Back the President or you will be voted OUT
The first responsibility was to repeal Obamacare. The GOP has failed to do that. Americans are still suffering under it.
it took 3 republicans who voted no on repealing they are added to the do not vote list.There traitors to the party for doing this
The confusion is WHY haven't you protected our Democracy or our election systems? WHY are you AGRAID of Trump? What is holding you back?
And it's also the responsibility of Congress to uphold their Oath of Office & to protect American Democracy! And as of today you've FAILED!!
Yes, so please pass a Dream Act to welcome these young people as American citizens.
No.  American born need the jobs the illegals are stealing
Senator, we all know you voted for the President. You knew what he would do. Now you're trying to fix it. You can't play both sides sir.
The people want a stop to illegal immigration and not fuel them and give them incentives to bring more illegal children here.
Go back in the hospital will ya!!
Where is your priority on what GOP voters want and have been promised Obamacare, taxes, wall. I don't remember Daca being one. @AnnCoulter
No, it's the responsibility of Congress to UPHOLD OUR LAWS. You don't reward those who break them. Did you forget or think you're a Democrat
with the illegal immigration problem or you will lose your conservative base... if you care.
Like the Constitutional approach for addressing the issue, but don't do it via "PC speak" per the "undocumented". Be honest when dealing
Senator, do you see all the disgusting people you pander to when trying to get elected? They're the nasty ones on this thread. Ignore them.
Democrat views
Man up & defend your so-called 'CONSERVATIVE' solution on @TuckerCarlson-U won't because U can't-keep ur pre-election promises.
There was no uncertainty till your racist president went wall crazy
You LIED about this to get elected-we will bounce all of you RINOs the HELL outta there-deport them ALL-to HELL w your donor class.
they are not minors we have dreamers and daca in prison for committing crime and murder.
Be very careful.Voted for you http://twice.Work  w/POTUS or not supporting you a 3rd time.
I support your DACA plan, but in the future, stop DACA & Anchor baby support.These 2 give aways draw illegals.Stop lawbreakers.Fix laws.
Why do you care so much about "undocumented" aka ILLEGALS? What about those of us born here that may need help?
Then help them
No its not!!!!!!  Let them get in line and apply for citizenship! @POTUS
frankly, Congress hasn't lived up to its responsibilities in a long time. Recall budgets, declaring war.
Ya, and some of u have been in congress a long time and done nothing! And now its a crisis, good job!
Start by securing the border and following immigration laws, then we can talk about Dreamers, etc.
Border isnt the problem it's the aristocracy stealing from us enslaving our children with corrupt policy's that favor the rich n blame poor
it's a big problem with our borders.I live in a border city and have lots of stories and the crimes and murder they commit
They will be grown before you get around to it.
80% of Dreamers are over 18. They're all already grown. They're not kids.
You caused the problem.  Make sure to keep wages low so that you still profit.  Sounds like modern day slavery!
Somebody tell that shithead in the WH @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
It's already taken care of by our constitution , the child and family needs deported
Senator as a constituent who taught these "dreamers," please make this a reality. It is well past time to help these sincere young people.
No
the only uncertainty is, who pays their back taxes. Can you answer that?
it is IMMORAL to entice people to come here illegally with NO AUTHORITY to ENSURE their future legal status
Law already EXIST
Resign
Illegals not undocumented.
How about worrying about H/C, tax reform, reducing spending, infrastructure, and flood victims? You know - AMERICANS
enforce the borders first
Then why haven't you done so?
