Tillis, You Represent Our State & You Have Proven To Be Just Another Republican "Dirt Ball"! You Only Care About Yourself & Making $$$$$$!
#notheydont
i'm also looking forward to hearing your party's proposal to increase access to birth control/sex ed so we don't need abortions. OH WAIT.
You don't care about the pain they suffer after they're born into poverty. What a political hypocrite you are! I so hope you are voted OUT!
No, they don't. That's junk science and you're a swampy hack. BOOOOOO. BOOOOOOO. BOOOOOOOO.
Be part of the solution please! Free access to birth control and seriously addressing adoption rules before controlling women's bodies.
Carolina would be proud if you quit. Ur a fraud and lied about who you are
How about protecting lives that are born too! WE NEED GUN CONTROL NOW!!!
Oh and what about all of those kids (& adults) hurt or killed by guns? Your cool with their pain as long as the NRA keeps giving you cash?
$4.5 Million from NRA to Thom Tillis.
#NRAWhore
Where can we read it? Sounds like something I want to get behind.
NC, we need to get rid of this useless NRA supported SOB in '20.
Amen!
Another reason I'll be writhing hard to vote you out of office!
How about healthcare for adult human beings who feel pain?????
Proud we are voting you out. U lied about who you are . Tillis must go before he makes NC a sanctuary state
Proud to cosponsor the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. #TheyFeelPain We need your 18 years of financial support.
Why don't you focus on the children that are already here & support #earlyed #sex-ed limit #teenpregnancy by supporting #contraceptives
Your focus should be on providing them healthcare after birth
You lie. Science and data matter.
$4,418,012.00 NRA contributions to Thom Tillis of NC to get thoughts prayers for pain of 1/2million gun deaths since 9/11/01 #NRAWhore
So do families affected by gun violence
$4,418,012.00 = NRA contributions to Senator Thom Tillis of NC to get thoughts and prayers and #DoNothing to end the killing.
That’s a tough reply-retweet/like ratio, man.  Maybe it means something about NC’s (non) support for this.
Correct me where I'm wrong: But don't the CHP children feel just as much pain...and without care?
Shame on you.
Congratulations Thom! You are the biggest #NRAWhore !
So do adult women.
So do children born into families not prepared to raise them.
You are so clueless!
Nationally, 1.6% of all abortions performed are after 20 weeks. Why are you trying to criminalize women's healthcare? #WarOnWomen
Why do only the unborn deserve healthcare, @SenThomTillis? #ncpol
And I look forward to your vote in favor of expanded, inexpensive health care access because #TheyFeelPain
You money grubbing hypocrite! Your "pride" is an insult to all of us living in this hell of a reality you & the GOP are creating.
DON'T GET YOUR GIRLFREIND PREGNANT THEN!
Weird, the American Medical Association says it’s more like 30 weeks. #UseScienceCorrectly
Can we do something about CHIP? You know healthcare for already born kids that you let lapse so you could take adult healthcare away?
You are falling for junk “science” that has no basis. Be smarter. Be better.
Then give them healthcare and protection from proliferation of gun violence. #realprolifestance
How could you let CHIP expire if you care about pain?  Children feel pain after they're born. And they need healthcare
You are a sick twisted man! Women's health care is a constitutional right! We fought battle back in 60s! #voteouttillis2018
But forget those rugrats and their moms, right? At least until you need a beer or sandwich? Is that what #MAGA is? Just curious...
#hypocritalsenator Don't you think children feel pain when you take away their health insurance? You have no right to be proud of anything.
You don't know that
How about pain-capable born people? Pass gun control laws. Regulate guns, not wombs!!! #bantheNRA
Why do you eat animals then?
Troglodyte!  I live in NC, but you are NOT my Senator. I will help finance your opposition in your next election.
Now is not the time to talk about sensible gun laws so we have plenty of time to talk about women's reproductive rights 
Not proud you’re my Senator! Another old white man telling women what to do. Plan to give $$ to Planned Parenthood today to counter this.
Have a town hall. Your constituents would like a voice.
SenTillis:The NRA paid you $4.4 Million Dollars. You support the NRA and weapons including Machine Guns that led to LV Massacre.For Profit
then you should have no problem accepting the responsibility of the pain -capable  born child protection act.
Pluck U  Thom. How about taking guns away from people who will shoot that baby in years to come?
Women decide. Not men. Not you.
Yeah, because you cared so much about children when CHIP expired. You are a liar and a hypocrite
now take your pro-life sponsorship and cosponsor gun control measures.
@senateGOP budget document=cuts Medicaid -$1 trillion, Medicare -$473 billion #heathcare is a human right! REAL live children matter #CHIP
If women start calling our vaginas gun storage locations- will you stay you of them?

Now how about sponsor something to provide medical care for all the pain capable Americans who are already born!!
Senator Tillis. Press the Succeed Act! Everyone i speak with likes it!
U care more about unborn sickly child than children here suffering from the GOP’s horrible decisions. “Guns & no healthcare for the born”
#IFeelPain whenever I think of mothers being forced 2 bear a child who will suffer horribly since most abortions after 20wks are 4 a reason!
What about the postborn
Shame on you
How about the Pain-Capable Living Victim of Gun Violence Protection Act? You can call it that instead of "gun control" if you'd like.
Actual children feel pain, yet you helped let CHIP expire. Or are you only interested in the fetus, but not the child?
It is disgusting how you care so little for the living but you care a lot about fetuses. Why don't you let the mothers decide what is best?
What about the children already here that you are happy to deny healthcare? What a phony stance. Sickening.
I see you’re still pushing fake science,  but what do you expect from a client change denier?
Actually, they don't. Why don't you try actually asking scientists.
Your pride is misplaced. Not only is this not based on science,you seem 2 b fine with hurting actual living children by stealing healthcare:
Perhaps you should do some research as to why women have abortions after 20 weeks. Hint: it's not for fun. #science
What are you doing about the pain of not having health insurance? Or the pain of gun violence? Or having laws based off YOUR religion?
How about sponsoring health care for children.
You and your party will do anything for money or a vote. Screw you.

http://8harps.com 
You are a prolife fraud. You voted to kill the disabled by uhh denying them Medicaid, then pretend to be prolife.
Please explain why you have take n so much money from the NRA?
Can't wait for your upcoming anti-vax, pro-creationism, pro-phrenology, and other junk science inspired legislation. #NoTheyDon't
Booo! 
Now you can tackle sensible gun control and eliminating the Death Penalty
Assuming you'll be fine with paying the healthcare of mom and baby.
don't you think that is ip to the mother? Funny how repubs want no gov control until it comes to women
Why doesn't Gov't STAY OUT of women's personal issues?  We know what to do & when to do it & don't need advice from Washington. TNX anyway!
Looks like my NC senator ignores science n hears talking points that have been debunked.
Once born how are you providing for these kids? Oh wait your not. Having stupid acts like this don't solve what the real issues are.
But after life it does not matter to @GOP
You troll for pro-life votes while you vote to kill babies by denying them Medicaid.
Why don't you do NC a favor and resign. You only support your donors, you don't give a damned about your constituents.
You're lying and you know it!
How about you as a man don’t make decisions about a woman’s body and women do the same about men. Shame on you!
You will outlaw abortion forcing poor women to have children but you just cut Child Healthcare.   You are not Pro-Life you are pro-Fetus
Can you please focus on gun control and stop legislating social issues that WOMEN should decide for themselves!
Quit pretending to be pro-life you lying SOB. You voted to kill babies for a tax cut for your donors.
Scientific evidence they DO NOT feel pain at that early in fetal development. U sir, R one of the many men trying to control a woman's body
Damn it! I really thought you were different! No one should have the right to tell a woman to go through this unless they are ready! NOONE!
They don’t feel pain. Please base legislation on science, not religion.
How about a "Stop the pain and anguish of victims of gun violence" bill?
Yes b/c when you can’t succeed at healthcare or tax reform why not delve into a divisive social issue. #donothingcongress
how about doing something to reform our gun policies in this country rather than dictating what a woman should do with her body.
How much money  do you take from the NRA?
See the people in this photo? 
#TheyFeelPain as do their loved ones.
But the @NRA paid you 4 million dollars not to care about their pain.
Thank you @SenThomTillis for being a voice that can’t speak for themselves!
So how does forcing them to be born and then no longer caring about them help?
Get your religion out of women’s health!!!
The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists says that fetuses can't feel pain until the 3rd trimester. Quit spreading fake news!
Stay out of our vaginas!
As long as we are on the subject...
Dont worry katherine. Planned parenthood has all the ways around the law already figured out.
Want proof i will be glad to tell you my story
Please please explain why you are willing to ignore science for this but then take away their insurance once they are born?

What about child born w health issues? Does that pain count or you r being hypocrite thinking only ab fetus but not ab real life care?
You could not be more tone deaf. Stop pretending like you are trying to help anyone.
no exception for terminal children? Think its humane for a dead child be carried through delivery?  Yeah, that will cause much less pain
You might try reading some actual science. Oh, and then passing law for guaranteed healthcare after they are born.
Everything I have read seems to show that the science does not support this. Make policy based on fact, not emotion.
You and Tim Murphy ???  Bahahahahaha
Nope.
Are you also proud that you don't give a damn if children have healthcare, education, food or housing once they are born?  #NotProLife
how do you protect children who are born?  y'all let the CHIPS act lapse.  so it's okay to kill a living child!  this is fucking bullshit.
Thank you, Senator!
What about the women who would be forced to carry a non-viable fetus to term? Does their pain count? As a constituent, I am disappointed.
What abt the child who is viable and chosen to be murdered by painful dealth methods by their own mothers.
@SenThomTillis is proud to cosponsor yet another ignorant @GOP stunt.

#WASTEDTIMEANDVOTE
Let me be clear: this bill is as dead on arrival in the Senate. https://twitter.com/NARAL/status/915338578829479937 …
You know who feels pain? GROWN PEOPLE OUTSIDE THE WOMB WHO ARE MOWED DOWN BY AUTOMATIC WEAPONS. 
Do something about that, hypocrite.
You are soaked in @NRA blood money and have no business talking about pain. #Shame on you.
You let #CHIP expire. You clearly don't care about actual living children. (Protip: When they're in utero, they're embryos and fetuses.)
So do middle and lower class families who pay more taxes bc Republicans decided millionaires needed yet another tax cut
What are your thoughts on the anguish mothers will feel when they are forced to carry non-viable babies to term? Maybe you should STFU
That's pretty heartless. Good thing your mother didn't think that! Huh??
Perhaps you don't understand what non-viable means. Look it up. Then mind your own business and stop trying to force your will on others.
Like I said. I bet your glad your mother didn't think you were non viable.
I am glad. And I respect that your opinion should have nothing to do with anyone's decision...
"I hate women."
