It's clear implementation of the executive order has caused mass confusion & unintended consequences, particularly for green card holders.
North Carolinians: if you or anyone you know has a green card and is stranded at an airport, reach out to my constituent services team.
There is a #UNC SILS professor of Iranian descent who was denied return trip to USA. I can get more info if you require.
He has  green card and was supposed to receive and award tomorrow and has a young  child who is American!!
Susan, Please have him or his family contact my office at http://tillis.senate.gov  or (704) 509-9087.
Senator, the information has been relayed and they will be contacting shortly.
Thank you for your help.
which metrics are you using for security? I'm a constituent and I like data! How will we know if we are successful ?
GOP seems to be intent on private agendas rather than defending and leading the people. #FactsNotFear
Vetting is already strong. It takes up to 5 years. What more do you need?
Yes it is.
Thank you Sir. The left has made it a social issue like they do with everything else.
not at the expense of the pillars of America. "Give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free!"
You forgot the GOPs favorite part, in subscript, "but not your brown, non-Christians. No, we don't want those." #NoBanNoWall
Can you explain to us the vetting (not banning) process now and HOW you will work to strengthen it?
They are already vetted.
this EO has nothing to do with vetting and everything to do with discrimination and xenophobia, you should be ashamed.
you seem very reasonable and fair.  I ask you, in wake of the firing of Sally Yates,have courage and vote no to Sessions
#RemoveBannon #NoSessions
Why don't you care as much about acts of terrorism committed by white men born in this country?
Sadly, you just answered your own question.
True. But disguising Racism is not! What happened bans from countries where we have actually had attacks from?
it was already exceedingly strong w/out sending a dangerous msg that will strengthen ISIS recruitment & endanger Americans!!!
Makes no sense, countries targeted have very rigorous vetting process, no terrorists from them since upgrade of vetting
Yes, but the #MuslimBan is not the way to go about it.  This EO is about #Xenophobia . It is not American. You must oppose!
So this ban goes through, what's next? Who's next?? Shall we start the bets? We know who invited the KKK into the White House. #NoBanNoWall
this is unamerican, immoral, unchristian and ultimately dangerous to our country to be so cruel to those asking for help.
Not only that, but we bomb the hell out of these countries, then when their women and children want asylum, we turn our backs.
It's already an 18-24 mo vetting process. Refugees are some of the most deeply vetted folks coming into our country already.
When there's no functioning government there's no records & it's impossible to vet or even identify people.
yes, we need a travel ban on white nationalists
But the Cabinet seats are already filled to the brim with them!
43 & 44 did a pretty good job.  Give em credit and don't over-react.
like the 5-yr-old girl in handcuffs?  BIG threat to national security.
All people or just those of color and different religions? Provide examples of new measures needed before agreeing to any bans.
our vetting process is strong. Pls do not support the #muslimban. This is not who we are. Standup for American values. Please
Time better spent vetting white nationalist in our country who are attacking Muslims. I do not support travel ban!
refugees pose no national security threat, as per UN. The issue is of race and fear. Dont be a coward.
How did you decide Saudis are safe but Syrians are not? Evidence suggests the opposite.
the process is already quite strong don't pander to fear
If we're talking about business you'd call this a "regulation" and would want to kill it. When it's humans you're for it?
None of those countries banned are responsible for terrorist attacks on US soil.  Syrian refugees already have been vetted...
It not only doesn't make us more secure, it will have the opposite effect.  it is also un-Christian. Liberty weeps!
No it is not. It is purely fear-mongering and a play to his base by carrying out a campaign promise. It is unAmerican
that EO does not represent the courage of this country. Nor does your stance, sadly. #yourconstituent
you are on the wrong side of history. You will be ashamed.
that is true, but can we do it in a constitutional way???
The Muslim Ban as it stands now is unconstitutional and cruel. Speak out against it. We don't need this political twaddle.
not really factual sir.
our vetting process already is incredibly thorough. Plz denounce this EO as both morally bankrupt & inherently dangerous.
Agreed but NOT the way Trump is doing it. I am an NC constituent.
You are better than this, Senator. Please find your conscience and listen to it. You know that this is wrong. - Constituent
please do not support this un-American order. We're better than this
Well at least you finally had the guts to say it, but that's the only thing you get credit for. #NoBanNoWall
Welcoming Muslims & refugees of all backgrounds is a matter of national security http://www.forbes.com/sites/dominicdudley/2017/01/29/trump-muslim-ban/#5912f8f26c6f …
You know what is the biggest threat to our national security right now? The office of the president. We're all terrified.
banning entrance based on religion is not. Stand up for human rights, please.
VETTING is.Not stopping Green Card holders or citizens from re-entry!Thats being a bully, remember, your up for reelction.
This EO is another example of reckless endangerment of our values, safety, and democracy.
However it is critical we do not violate our constitution or the values that we have long treasured and that set us apart!
This ban actually puts our national security in jeopardy. No terrorists from these countries. This is  pure discrimination.
Maybe so, but this isn't the way to do it.
You're a little too far right on this one. Regarding our national security, see line 7: https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5r41pu/in_the_us_holocaust_museum/ …
Business employees and university teachers, researchers and students, not to mention their families. For shame!
we already have stringent vetting...dont see how this will improve anything. Detrimental to those who are American /1
As is vetting our future Senators and members of Congress!  #midtermsarecoming #NoBanNoWall #ShameOnYou #DoYourJob #impeach
Senator a religious test, and conversely a Christian priority, on immigration is unAmerican. Please stand up to this.
Please indicate what's wrong with current vetting? @DHSgov @StateDept @CustomsBorder didn't call for this.
What is wrong with our current vetting process? You are un-American. Despicable.
I was in NYC on 911. Terrorists were Saudis. Guns are kill more ppl in the US. Get your priorities straight #truth #optics
Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Bannon the self avowed Leninist Miller Sessions white supremacy student
Thankyou.
@smmarrujo did we learn nothing from 9-11 ? what has it cost us in lives, freedom? airport hell? never forget? idiots forgot
Could you clarify what isn't working about the current vetting process?  At 18-24 months, it's seems pretty rigorous already.
the ban is insane we are a country of immigrants
Enraging our allies in the fight against ISIS is a more prominent threat to national security. https://www.thenation.com/article/trumps-muslim-ban-hurts-us-troops-and-helps-islamist-extremists/ …
You can not say a Muslim ban is strengthening our vetting process. It's a ban, there's no process about it!
So you think this is all OK?  Is this your whatever-Trump-says mode?  Even if it's illegal? Even if it's immoral?
Banning nations based on race and favoring Christians over Muslim refugees deters our religious liberties #ImmigrantsWelcome
Trump's way is not right and not American. Please stand up for all of us and stop Trump's mess.
Vetting process = train wreck. No wonder Trump didn't show it to anyone at State, Homeland Security, etc. #disaster #sad
President Obama already strengthened it.
Undermining U.S. morals & compassion is a gift to ISIS. Trumps "regime change" undermines you and is a gift to dictatorship.
.@SenThomTillis what proposals do you recommend to strengthen the process, Senator?
the message that Donald Trump sends to the world is far more dangerous, however.
Syrian refugees go through two year vetting now. What more do you need?
and another matter of national security is protecting We the People from kleptocracy, demagoguery and tyranny.
Strengthen the process doesn't mean we ban #NoBanNoWall
#blessyourheart Please elaborate on how this will be "strengthened" more than it already is.
so why not vet people from Saudi Arabia, UAE and Egypt? You know, places that have actually sent terrorists to the US.
because trump probably has financial ties to these countries, we should check taxes...wait 

"Syrian refugees combined over the last 14 years haven't killed more people than Dylann Roof did in 14 minutes" - Atlanta sign #NoBanNoWall 
Banning people because of their religion, isn't the way to do it.
You should be speaking and drafting law against this not being an apologist for i. I expect more from you as my senator.

i am a Veteran. There was no problem with the vetting process. This EO puts our troops and diplomats at more risk Senator.
what are the current standards? What new standards are you proposing?
As constituent (my zip 27317) I want you to oppose Ex. Order or at least remove sec.5(c) religious test &add Saudi Arabia etc
but a muslim ban threatens our national security. We're looking to GOPers to stand up to racial intolerance.
not like this this is racism .you know it. get off your ass & stand up to this unamerican act. you can be fired i checked
NO one is in conflict with vetting.  Wish you cared as much about the vetting of cabinet selections.   #VOTENO #VoteNoDevos
There is literally no evidence to support this assertion. @SenThomTillis
Hey Hey Ho Ho #45 Has Got to Go!
and you will be gone too come next election day!
they all need to go their vision for us is frightening.
Refugees are ridiculously vetted. This ban isn't about national security it's about hate. So Let's talk about that...
Makes me sad to be an American. How many terrorist was identified. They are not stupid. Dumb idea.
what about our current process isn't working? I feel more unsafe by the terror being caused by needless fear.
It's possible to do that w/out causing massive upset. Trump team is unstable. GOP leadership needs to step up & DO something.
I takes 2 years for a refugee to get into the US, with numerous background checks and interviews!
The vetting is already incredibly rigorous. Do you really not know that?
WHATS FLAWED IN THE VETTING PROCESS...CARE TO EXPLAIN?
you are spineless- we haven't been attacked by any of the 7 nations- just a trump mouthpiece..try using your gut on this one
Sen Tillis, As my senator, can you please address the concerns in this article? https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.ra4mjpw9t …  @Medium
