first you gut #ACA in order to "prove" it's inefficiency the you make a worse version to enrich donors? #townhall needed!
Cut young/healthy taxpayers being FORCED to fund, how is that enriching anyone giving me bk MY hard earned $
Lol Now u just look dumber. Instead defending ur ignorant ass statement u insult me bc don't know what ur talking about
there's no way you'll change your mind even faced with facts so there's no point. Worry about your Senator.
Please try to be honest, I know it is difficult. However The #VichyGOP is who tanked it thru obstruction. Stop Lying 2 people
slow down! Doctors, hospitals, and citizens all think the house bill is a bad idea.  Listen to your constituents!
What is the CBO score for Trumpcare? Will the 600k on Obamcare  in NC still have insurance at the same/better rates?
My question:  Are you making it better?  Or worse, for the lower-paid workers?  The rich don't need your help.  The poor do.
ThankYou Senator!Even if not ideal for Conservatives, this will represent a much needed legislative victory for Republicans!
This victory is opposed by patients, doctors, and even some insurance companies.
Much like when ACA became law in 2010. This replacement is a HUGE improvement!
This plan will leave millions w/o insurance. They will seek treatment once they are real sick and at taxpayer expense
Who are these millions being left out? Transition coverage; low/middle income tax credits; billions for Medicaid
Women, elderly, low income, chronic conditions
Covered, covered, covered, & covered!
They all disagree, they are covered by insurance they can't afford.
This health care bill is going to hurt a lot of people who voted for you. Remember that!
Yes, nothing like choosing between health insurance and paying the mtg. Not kidding.
Tell UR constituents how healthcare reforms will give massive tax breaks 2 the rich and UR poor & middle class will pay 4 it.
we need more affordable care that covers more people. The house bill is more expensive care that covers fewer.  Terrible.
Don't let us down. Make this happen.
it has been reviewed by the AMA, ACA, AARP, & health care providers across the country.  Everyone agrees it should not pass.
How do you know what we expect from you if you don't meet us?
Trumpcare will leave over 600k NC residents without insurance.  Will you be voting for Trumpcare?
24 million will lose coverage under TrumpCare. This bill is NOT a solution. Vote no
You need to explain how the Trumpcare is going to help us. I don't see a single reason why we should support it so far
Have not come across many left, center, or right that support the #Ryancare bill. Good luck defending it, may end your career
oh his career is done! Like pat mcrory before him. His term just hasn't ended yet. His constituents hate him
I know, I'm one of them.
The #VichyGOP, like U, were not elected to leave 14 million people without insurance in 2018. Census gerrymandering elected U
@NCGOP we are already in step six and you want to go back to step one.I'm sure you want to hang the confederate flag like GOP
Reform means taking insurance away from 24M people? Support of this legislation is evidence of deep disregard for humanity
if you are for reducing the insured in NC and raise premiums for older constituents we'll #RepealAndReplaceSenatorThomTillis!
NO on rushed & problematic #ACHA. It will create chaos, and GOP will take the blame. Tweak the ACA to control costs instead.
People  won't  vote for the man whose legislative choices resulted in the death of loved ones w/o access to health care.
how do u explain this protects the wealthy but hurts the very people the ACA helps? After 7 yrs I expect better from the GOP
#Trumpcare is a bad plan for everyone except the rich!
Please give us more than 2 hours notice before your next town hall.  You can't be that busy.
Go away Thom Tillis, you suck. #1TermThom
please vote with republicans in this. Tweaks and changes can be made once we have repealed #aca
Obamacare is not broken Leave it alone. How can I live on tax credits from Trumpcare? I need affordable insurance!
setting the bar pretty low for something the Republican Party has had 7 yrs to work on.  What do you think after your review?
the AMA, the ANA, and the Hospital Association all agree #Ryancare is a horrible plan. But u know better?

Note that this proposal is a tax cut for the rich (what a surprise) and an exorbitant premium increase for people over 55.
@ncketters You are correct. We can & must do better than ACA which in death spiral.
OK, so do it. The replacement should cover as many people as now, and without higher costs.
Universal hlthcare. Since elected you & GOP have worked diligently to make ACA fail. Now you own it. Your plan hurts NC'rs. Shame on you.
Please do not pass this.  It calls for Older Americans to pay 5 times rate for younger ones.  Making it tougher to retire.
Get a grip on the fact YOU WORK FOR "WE THE PEOPLE" not yourself or your party. Keep this up,I swear to see you out of office
Why is it you SUPPORT a action that will COST THOSE MOST NEEDING CARE MORE? You put party first over the lower income people.
the first step is to call it the official title which is Affordable Health Care. It changes it from personal to reality
Fix healthcare NOW. End 3 decades Federal NIH, CDC HHS discrimination against M.E., Myalgic Encephalomyelitis
your new plan is even more broken. Nice try.
this is #TrumpCareLess
I respectfully disagree. Elected officials need to work together for continual improvement not pull the "Republican mandate"
put this much focus on trumps missing taxes and Russian espionage
talk to us abt why the AARP opposes this bill
The plan is worse than what we have now. Please quit playing politics with people's healthcare. #singlepayer
your constituents are looking to you to do the right thing to provide quality healthcare for all NC
the GOP replacement plan is a joke. You all had 8 years and this is what you come up with? #DoYourJob
how was the pseudo town hall you gutless political hack!?  When are you going to get a set of brains & balls?
such a joke
Make Trump show the American people his tax returns if you care anything about the truth and this country. You owe us that!
Better yet, how about you just endorse @RandPaul 's solution instead of Obamacare Lite?  No wonder it was kept locked up!
hold a town hall on the subject. You'll see how little support there is for this plan
this plan is designed to benefit the rich at the expense of the old and poor.
So what the hell does that mean? You said nothing.
respectfully, after years of refusing to work with Pres.Obama to improve on the ACA, this is the best you can come up with?
we aren't looking for perfect, but we ARE looking for a plan that doesn't remove millions and doesn't vilify the poor. Not it
u must not understand #healthcare needs of ur constituents & giving only 2 hrs notice for tele #townhall won't help. #resist
Carefully watching what you will do. Trump says it will be better in all aspects. What say you?
ACA needs repair not repealing and replacing.  I oppose any legislation that takes away funding for Planned Parenthood.
Unless you can prove that this new bill will be better than what we have, you should not vote for it.
Is it your intention to give up a plan that covers less and costs more?  Because that's what I notice about the GOP proposal
Instead of repeal, EXPAND ACA benefits in NC, so more of us can have coverage. I qualify in WV, WA, NY, but not NC. #ACA
wow! Do you collect subsidies from all those states?  Gee that's genius.
RyanCare is a step BACKWARDS.But I guess it doesn't matter to those of use here in NC who are in the coverage gap thanks to Republicans.
you got one thing right, "it's only going to get worse..." under #Trumpcare.  #resist #impeach #NewElection
Sir, This statement is desperately lacking in details. Unless you take questions from constituents, how do you speak for us?
I have an MRI and doctors from a reduced clinic say that I am unable to work but government says I can No one will help me
Why do I have to lay in bed at night and cry in pain Medicaid says I should crawl to work crying in pain
As I sit here in my house unable to walk good and a hermit in my house with no insurance can't afford $800 a month policy
we are still waiting for a REAL #TownHall & you to finally listen to your #constituents ..... waiting
I actually think you should strive for perfect. With goals: adequate coverage accessible at all incomes — MCB in 28801.
Do you read the comments? LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!  Reps only look out for less than half of Americans.
respectfully you make a lot of statements that simply state the obvious but never take a firm stance. Frustrated constituent
#Trumpcare plan is NOT better than ACA,fewer ppl covered with less money, BIG TAX CREDITS 4 rich, MILLIONS LEFT W/O  #TILLISTOWNHALL SHOW UP
Dishonest and shameful. All politics. 6 years of demonizing & obstructing, zero effort to improve health care for Americans.
It's broken because the GOP broke it.
@NCGOP Stand with Trump!
Do your damned job. REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!!!
Trumpsryaninno is DOA
read NYT story on Martha Brawley, from Monroe. Many more such disillusioned GOP voters waiting in the wings.
enjoy your last term in the senate. You won't be back.
Martha Brawley from Monroe voted for you & Trump to reduce her insurance cost. Ask her if she is happy with you two.
coming home soon to explain yourself to us?
you aren't listening to your constituents on this. Read current polling on ACA. Americans don't support this.
So, your statement is that you will review it? Why haven't you done that already? And the make a statement?
Your constituents like me, 28117, would like to hear your statement on Trumps little Russia matter
@NCGOP repeal and replace with rand Paul's Bill
many people who voted for you and Trump don't understand ACA and we're too naive to see your intentions.
by the way, GOP shares in making the system disfunctional, with its relentless anti ACA propaganda effort over 7 years.
under this bill you repay the 70K Ins. gave you, you give their executives more than $400,000,000 in new tax give away.
How is the House bill better? Please be specific.
the plan is not broken.  you are screwing old people and poor people. do you have any shame.
The system is not broken, went for years w/o healthcare before ACA This is an attempt to enrich the rich at the expense of us
again not even the AMA agrees with this plan. These are doctors... You are not looking out for your constituents. It's bad 
.@SenThomTillis ACA works for more and more disadvantaged North Carolinians - don't fall in line with #SpinelessRyan
#TimidTillis doesn't say a damn thing in this clip.
"We'll never get to perfect but it's the first step" is what the ACA is. This is not a first step but a tax cut for rich ppl
you are my senator.  Please do your homework on these "improvements " Please study and ask questions.
Have you noticed that a lot of your constituents don't see #AMA as a problem, but as a much needed solution?
It leaves out the poorest Americans and pays top executives. It's disgusting.
really a waste of pixels
you wasted your time with this. #SinglePayer
We are aware of the gutting the @GOP lawmakers did to the #ACA which is the reason it has trouble. #takeresponsibility
get with @RandPaul and the #FreedomCaucus and get REAL reform done! #FullRepeal
Reps didn't want the #ACA to work. If it had, Americans would know that Democratic policies work.
Reducing Medicaid funding and defunding Planned Parenthood creates LESS access and LESS coverage for lower income citizens
We expect policies that will not leave millions of Americans without healthcare and the #AHA does exactly that.
ACA leave tens of millions more w/o healthcare.  We have worthless insurance cards huge bills and no healthcare.
I really want 2 know what you have. My daughter & family have ACA & it's better than my company supplied ins.
the current GOP so called solution is a disaster for everyone except the wealthy. An absolute insult! #Trumpcarestinks
You didn't actually say anything?
I was worried I was the only one who noticed!
then expand Medicaid into NC!!!!!
