Work with Democrats to fix ACA. This would reassure insurance companies and bring them back to states. Fixing is the answer!
We need healthcare, not insurance. Ins leaving states only to push ACHA agenda!
It can be argued that we all have healthcare. No one can be turned away from an ER. ACA gives preventive healthcare thru insurance coverage.
Ins. Co  dictate + deny  care tying MD hands.
Admin. $, marketing, lobbying cost passed 2 us + MD. Ins = profit not healthcare
Abuses both ways, yes. But our gov & educ systems aren't setup to produce doctors for free medical care. Insurance allows free trade.
This is my life. My reality.
I understand and am sorry. My family is also effected by uncovered treatments. Bluecross Bluesheild and I aren't friends, but without
We would be paying even more. We would be financially devastated. I grow up without health insurance, which means without healthcare. One
Explain to me then how this is the first time I am able to afford healthcare. I work full time and have two kids and I'm a taxpayer in nc
Its going to be a catastrophe!
I also have a pre existing condition. You and your cronies would rather see me suffer.
Because the GOP kept trying to kill it. What business would invest in a business that the government is trying to kill?
Agree, so where's your bill? You had 6 years. Inexcusable. You've betrayed the American ppl & we will remember at the polls. SENATE IS INEPT
We need to go towards Medicare for all. If any of you had a brain instead of "Repeal & Replace", "REPLACE & Repeal".  You are self-serving!
Because the GOP sabotaged the program in NC.
You do not represent NC. You do not listen. We will vote you out despite your monied backers.  Shame
Not true
How is you plan going to fix the problem? You never wanted the PPACA to work from day one. I still ask the Q, where is your alternative plan
Single payer healthcare
We're losing insurers because of you. You're trying to sell us a solution to a problem YOU created.
Can't find fault with the ACA since it saved my life just over two years ago. #SinglePayer #FixACA or STHU. Ur plan SUCKS & will kill ppl! 
Well then, perhaps all you govt folks need to drop the part of the new "plan" that allows you to opt out of being denied for pre-existing. 

Get some courage and support your president.  SUPPORT THE TRUMP AGENDA.  WHERE IS REPEAL HEALTHCARE?  BUDGET?
We could provide universal healthcare. That would work. What's more important healthy citizens or insurance companies?
Y'all had 7 yrs to come up with a plan. So far all u are doing is leaving thousands of North Carolinians without insurance. Shame on you.
fund the subsidies and the back coverage for insurers and there will not be a problem. GOP is forcing the death.
What part of 24 million Americans losing health insurance under #Trumpcare do you not understand?
Any insurance policy can be cheaper if you reduce coverage; do you have individual health insurance?
Yes, lower out of pocket costs like huge deductables that we pay on top of not affordable premiums
Fix don't repeal. You Reps have sabotagedenough
Because YOU refuse to what is right! You should be ashamed!
So fix the cost issue!  Figure it out! Do not replace; fix it!!
Trumps no health care plan is a disgrace.   Fix Obamacare or single payer system.
Stop lieing!
And yet you do nothing
EXPAND MEDICARE AND MEDICAID NOW!
Fault with insurance cos not Obama care.  Establish Govt state insurance company. Republicans will not do they  get funding from those cos.
Fix it. Don't focus on throwing it out. Fix it!
Quit insulting our intelligence and start pretending you care about your constituents.
One Term Thom. We protested outside your office again today in High Point.  You do not represent us
FIX Obamacare! Don't repeal it! FIX IT!!!!!!

Can't you guys do anything right?
So, keep the essential parts of it: pre-exiting conditions, the mandate, subsidies. The Republican plan accomplishes nothing.
BULLSHIT!
Your replacement is unacceptable.
aca has flaws - R's made worse by  not expanding Medicaid.  R alternative hurts many Americans. Try sensible solution vs partisan posturing.

losing insurers mainly due to republican caused instability.
I am still waiting for you to hold a "real" town meeting and not the foolish Facebook scams where you get to answer the questions you want.
Obamacare is not the problem! It is insurance companies increasing premiums to pay their CEO's ridiculously high salaries!
Just fix the ACA! STOP selling us on the AHCA!
Then Fix it. Fund it correctly. Stop playing games with peoples lives. And insurance companies are getting rich.
Most Americans hate your plan. Let's talk about that, instead. #Trumpcare
Have you considered single payer?  Think outside the box Senator & collaborate with The entire Senate.  Take a leadership role & get'er done
#Trumpcare is worse - it's the Unaffordable Care Act. Why aren't you explaining the CBO report on it? The polls say no one likes the AHCA.
All legit news sources, the former surgeon general, AND insurance companies state that you are deliberately destabilizing ACA. #WeSeeYou
It is time to WALK the TALK and start Legislating
You are not being honest about the health care. It will cost the ederly and those with pre-exsiting conditions more. More than they pay now.
I heard that Covfefe is Russian for "capitalist hand soap"...........
LIAR We the american ppl r losing b/c U did not pay the premium country 1st your pockets 2B lined does not count @sawsharee @Jerusal53393006
Jeez. Work bipartisan for Americans.  Not rich ones but for the ones most worried about it. Poor and mid income families need your help.
your party is doing it to it.
Ins Co r leaving states 2 get leverage to pass ACHA. ACA + ACHA r bad. My husband going blind + U play politics. Need single-payer system
Maybe if you funded it and helped to make it work instead of sabotaging anything that might actually help regular people #fakenews
Repair the ACA, that is the only acceptable way. #trumpcare
Status quo of u is unacceptable u and GOP caused price to go up not accepting the exchange money 92m lost insures vote out ACA u vote out.
Well fix it with Dems and stop whining
So fix it and quit talking about it - we know it's broken
Insurance companies figure that if they don't participate, they can increase profits if restraints on premiums go away
You could have done what Congress usually does - amend legislation so that it works better. It is your choice that is unacceptable.
Fix ACA or go to single payer system
I'm doing really well actually thank you not.
So fix it ... but do it right!  Keep medicaid and pre-existing conditions in the bill
Trumpcare is much worse. You all had years to come up with something better and failed.  Fix Obamacare!!!!!!!
Agree. Improve Obamacare instead of throwing millions of healthcare and reducing the quality of the plans
As indep Small business owners we already pay 2000.00 a month And its going up again? We will just give up and go on gov assist like others.
More improvements are needed to Affordable Health Care. Billing & costs should be addressed. Im sick of cycling thru Insurance & Trumpcare.
Make the needed changes to Obamacare and stop AHCA which hurts most vulnerable Americans
Stop putzing. REPEAL all Mandates... NOW
Mendacity -- GOP plan offers no fix.
Your silence and the GOP sabotaged Obamacare. You could have fixed a working system. Now it is just a tax cut for the wealthy. Cruel.
Tillis your group is sabotaging Obamacare because of your greedy egos
Get off the bandwagon...there are more important issues than health lies
Russia
Paris climate treaty
Security Breaches
Health but not GOP's
Health care is more available now than ever before. Trumpcare 2 is thinly veiled attempt to undermine it.
And the paris climate you just voted the the US out of??
And you've apparently spent zero time over the last 8 yrs thinking about any improvements to health care for Americans. #irresponsible
Nobody is stupid enough to believe your BS!!
Hey A..Hole Trump Care is worst 23 million lose care less coverage 54to65 pay more with age 880 billion out of medicate tax breaks rich True
We need a simple majority vote
ACA's current probs are due to uncertainty re: Trump admin paying CSRs. ACA has real probs that need GOP input to repair. Work towards that.
That is because GOP is mismanaging, destroying it! Quit cutting the provisions & make it work!!
Then fix it. Or recognize the inevitable and create Single Payer. Stop trying to halt the future.
Majority rules.  Use your power and fix.
How about some items of interest instead of the continued ignored promises.
Hi Thom.  Stop creating market volatility.
Oh thats right the greed of the insurance companies have nothing to do with it as does the cutting of financial support for the coverage.
Nobody this stupid anymore. Fix it, don't destroy it to get tax subsidies
Yet we have record levels of insured. You had 8 years for solutions and the GOP has not a single viable plan to fix or replace.
If one republican in the senate votes no on this bill there will be an all out vote out for everyone of them
You try to undermine it at every turn. This is healthcare, not some petty game!
The alternative is abominable. Fix the ACA. Otherwise, you are abetting the problem. Take care of your people.
we know trumpcare sucks bigly! You guys better come up with somethink quick!
We're losing insurers because of NCGOP's failure to expand Medicaid! You did that! STOP LYING!
And kicking 23 million off insurance is really the solution?  The CBO said Trump care is worse than Obama care.  Stop pretending you care!
You apparently will say and do anything to repeal the ACA regardless of who you hurt other than the ins/pharma cos. Fix ACA  no repeal.
seems like the problem is insurers.
Solutions are impossible if dialogue is impossible. Let us speak face to face in good faith. Perhaps a Townhall meeting.
Where was your objection to the executive order directing all levels of government to take every possible action to nullify the ACA? #ncpol
Your bill sucks. You're causing the increases. Do better for us!
Isn't that on the insurance companies?  Talk to them instead of gutting our healthcare.
Then why have you done nothing to repair it?  All legislation requires fixes in practice. Party more important than healthy constituents?
And what have you done over the last 8 yrs to improve health care for Americans? #obstruction #lies #hypocrites #senthomtillis
Does GPO plan change that? Allowing insurers to peddle inadequate coverage is NOT affordable; it's shortsighted & irresponsible. Think!
Then FIX IT.  Don't screw us over, and fix it so EVERYONE gets affordable care that will cover what we need. Work together.
Just do it please , enough talk
Then choose a single payer system. As long as healthcare is all about the $$ , this will continue.  And you people don't help any!!
Then replace it and stop talking about it. Action - not words.
When are you going to have a town hall? Your constituents have many issues we need to discuss with you? Why are you hiding?
you could work to fix ACA, but you would rather uninsure millions. I'm a constituent and asap you're fired!
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
FIX it -- smart educated and wealthy you got the skills do it
California insurance co will be giving 2 quotes, 1 using ACA & a higher one using Trumpcare. Insurance prices will be up 40-50% with change.
Yes, and it is the GOP's fault for screwing it up! You have no viable plan. Ideology doesn't magically invalidate economics.
Crocodile tears.  You are breaking it. You own it.
@GOP states didn't set anything up, so they are at fault. The only other option is single payer.
We have more problems than insurance! Get off your repub @$$es & get something done! It's not democrats. It's YOU! @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan
You need to be getting the rest of our wayward republican party on board? Or we will next election. Can not have this!
Then enact Universal Healthcare instead of this bogus Republican healthcare for the rich plan. @SenWarren @DNC @GOP @BoldProgressive @abc
Republicans are colluding with ins co CEOS to end Obamacare in exchange for tax cuts & more profit by covering 24 million fewer Americans
#Covfefe
It is failing because of you
Then get the 51 votes needed and do what every damn one of you have promised for yrs
You have NO credibility.
so why did you alliw them to bail and jack prices? It was in the original bill. #Amend&fix
I see your argument and raise you 1 #covfefe #tytlive
WE'RE WAITING FOR YOU TO FIX IT.  #LIARS #LOSERS #RESIST #IMPEACH #2018
We want the same healthcare the Australians have - @realDonaldTrump said it was better than ours. Americans deserve the best.
Bullshit.
JUST BECAUSE YOU SAY IT DOESN'T MAKE IT SO!! GOP THE CAUSE, INSURANCE COMPANIES BAIL, AFFECT!!! THAT'S THE TRUTH.
Liar
Total repeal! We're either a socialist country where gov controls all or we're a free market democracy! Government has no business in it!
Stop talking and do something about it!  All I hear from Washington is talk, talk, talk.
You all should remove McCain from any job the Senate has, put him in the Janitors broom closet for his office.
You do everything you can to kill ACA and make like it fails....the failure is YOU!
The @GOP greed, lies&hypocrisy r unacceptable, do you really think the American people don't see you for the self-serving monsters u r?
F U Tillis you lying sack of Shite. Your A greedy crook. You should be recalled for this pack of lies you foist on the fools that voted 4 U
Why didn't the @GOP help implement it? Oh yeah @TheDemocrats formulated it.
Tell all the fucking idiots who complain about Obamacare to just call up Aetna and buy some insurance, let's see what they pay...
Get Rid of it!!!
Your system is no better than the other universal care for all keep insurers and pharm.companies out of our health care needs bottom money
Personally, GOP Establishment more threat to our Democracy than Russia. We voted for a Wall, tax cuts & capitalistic health. Got NOTHING!
By NOT implementing the ACA 100% & expanding Medicade you have created a non-functioning marketplace. Hence, screwing all the taxpayers. WTG
You guys are like the ad for security monitor not a guard.  Keep saying what is wrong with Obama Care.  Fix it.
The only reason the GOP won't try to fix the ACA is because they are trying to erase any and everything created by President Obama.
The Rep plan is just a huge tax cut for the wealthy disguised as a "healthcare plan" that will cause at least 23 mil without coverage.
Then let's get it done now!!!
Good! Let them go!  SINGLE PAYERHealthcare should NOT be For Profit!
Then give us single payer, make it your plan, why should we provide you with healthcare we can't have.
Then fix it, @gop. You control the government, in case you hadn't noticed. You have the responsibility to repair and maintain the #ACA
so we will throw 24 million people off insurance both plans are horrible.
Shut up and do something about the man who is ruining the reputation of the US all over the world. Put the US over party!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why don't you tell the American people what the real reason is? You reneged on paying the insurance companies what you promised.
The republican death chant isn't any better! Morons!
Take out the uncertainty that the GOP is creating, increase participation by all and things get better. The current GOP solution falls short
Lie lie lie
true
Seems like that was the plan all along...You starved it, of course its broken. Fix. Fund.
Put the blame back on yourself for crippling the ACA.
This is a greedy insurance company problem. Healthcare should not be for such obscene profit
stop govt interference in hlth care - create safety net for those that need it and leave the rest of us alone.
You've had 8yrs. All you've done is complaine. Fix it! If you know how, that is.
Allowing this RINO to speak for @SenateGOP speaks volume as to where the Gutless Old Party stands. #DrainTheGOP of RINOs
Liar liar seat on fire...
