I'm sorry, but I am tired of paying more for something that others don't have to. Redistribution of wealth is all it is, making us slaves.
I believe free market principles, competition, and transparency of costs are the real solutions here.
I do, 2. Only in instances in which market principles work. Health care, like education, military, and infrastructure, isn't such a mkt.
Government must subsidize in order for market to work. Or let people suffer once care is sought. That's not a reality the US should accept.
Forcing ppl to purchase something they do not want isn't something ANY free society should accept. Gov should stay out of our lives.
Agreed that mandate is tough. my view that we live in a society in which some sacrifices need 2 be made for current and future citizens
Is probably the source of our differing perspectives on gov't's role. Fact is gov't does a lot of productive investments that benefit many
I just prefer Federal Gov staying out of our lives like our early documents and Forefathers intended.
will u have a #townhall to actually find out what ur constituents' needs are? that's a brilliant idea.
If by town hall you mean Facebook Q&A session yes. I'd be surprised to see these guys actually face the people they supposedly represent.
They won't
Where are the women?
If you do as good a job as the house, the American people are up a creek without an honest Congress to paddle.
disgusted by the AHCA.  It is NOTHING more than a taking from the poor to give the wealthiest Americans an enormous tax rebare.
just left you a voice message, please vote AGAINST the AHCA. Please don't aide in a giant step back for all Americans, healthy or not.
I did too, we've got to weigh in even when it seems like Tillis and Burr have their own agenda.
It would seem that agenda is to do the bidding of their donors.
Wouldn't it be a lot easier to FIX problems w/ ACA, rather than try to introduce this blatant tax cut 4 rich??? #NoAHCA #NoTaxCuts #FixACA 
Scrap it?
I'm a cancer survivor.  Don't punish me because this horrible disease invaded my body!
I do hope that you will help North Carolinians with pre-existing conditions be able to obtain and afford insurance. At this time, I can't.
Please consider working on a bipartisan solution that does not bankrupt most middle class Americans. Please consult experts in healthcare
Trump 2 lets states reject people with preexisting conditions. Denying healthcare to sick people is what makes this plan irredeemable.
Actually, they can't deny service, but can do worse. They can charge a ton of money, then blame sick person when they can't afford it. Ugh.
Americans buy insurance to cover damage to vehicles, homes, pets, etc,but baulk at insurance to "cover" their bodies if they get "damaged".
And in many states the cost for those that choose NOT to buy car insurance is passed on to us and we know this. So why not health insurance.
If North Carolinians are suffering, perhaps they should look to their state government and how they implemented the marketplaces.
Yes! GOP sabotaged reform in this state then blamed Obamacare. Appalling people.
Vote against this bill. Work to fix issues with ACA. Preexisting conditions shouldn't death sentence or bankrupt families.
oh thom, you're thelusional #poorthomthillis #imeanttousetheTHlikethat
VOTE NO OR YOUR FIRED!
How will you keep insurance companies from becoming the death panels GOP scared people about in ACA fight? This bill is a travesty.
Everyone is watching!! Don't take healthcare from the poor to cut taxes for the 1%.
Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Improve ACA.
Agreed, legislation should not undermine critical protections for people with pre-existing conditions. That is what is most important to me.
Insurance companies don't compete for older, sick, or those w/ preexisting conditions. We need a real solution.#singlepayer
We are counting on you to do the right thing. Enough of politicians putting party before the people. #NoTrumpCare
We should demand that every able bodied person buy insurance AND demand that insurance companies and hospital join forces to lower costs.
The AHCA is a nonstarter and I'm pretty sure you know it. Either keep ACA and improve it, or provide universal coverage
Please Vote No!  Vote No for all of us.
As one of your constituents, please ensure the pre-existing conditions are covered so kids are not born without coverage.
This bill is a disaster and I expect you to vote it down. We should improve the ACA!
If you want to give wealthy people a tax cut, then give them a tax cut. Please don't take an axe to MediCaid and kill people just for that.
Obamacare allowed me to have health insurance.   If you don't vote this out I will vote you out.
Now during your break, go visit countries that have solved this for less cost and more coverage and ask some questions. You know the ones.
Why can't you put everyone on the same healthcare plan government employees have the taxpayers are paying for that plan to
Better idea: upgrade ACA so that states can't deprive citizens of coverage, and tell the House to scrape their AHCA into the garbage. #ncpol
You will be filing for unemployment soon, buddy.
You better start doing something for your constituents or you will be out of a job. We remember you voted yes for that idiot Devos.
Okay, so by "improve" you mean "go back in time and not pass," right? Otherwise I'm assuming you're just hoping we all die soon.
Don't forget the preexisting list a-z, the omitted erectile dysfunction and the 13 male overseers that will take it up. Thanx
How about universal health care
An improved piece of legislation wld protect core health services, eliminate caps & cover pre-existing conditions w/out premium hikes
Medicare for all!
AHCA is not the solution. It's only creating more problems. Kill the bill, and let's work to improve ACA.
Best change they could make is to set it on fire.
How about you just fix the issues with ACA.  Your idiot leader told his great friend (#Turnbull) that Australia had better insurance than US
You better if you want to have more than one term
Please do because as is it is a disaster for your constituents.
Poor optics so far. No women, minorities or physicians on your panel.
You know the #ACA *hasnt* actually led to skyrocketing premiums, right? Just maintaining the pretext, I guess?
#VoteNoAHCA Please review the number of people in NC with preexisting conditions and then decide. Work together to improve what we have.
Your job is on the line and as far as I am concerned you need to be voted out.  The house bill is going to kill people
Protect those with pre-existing conditions, expand Medicare & protect our seniors! #iamapreexistingcondtion
Healthcare has become too much about withholding care, care costs money and companies want to collect money, keep it, and not cover anything
If this is so great for Americans, why has Congress remained exempt from it & do you think that's fair?
Or maybe just repeal obamacarr
Under the HACA there are still mandates. If your insurance lapses >63 days your premiums will cost you 30% more.
23 yr RN Removing pre existing conditions and no caps is a death sentence for millions of Americans. IMPROVE the ACA.
Just improve what is already there!  Stop the us vs them already!
No person should ever be compelled to purchase a product they don't want by tax, fine, or other penalty.
As your constituent, I demand you throw this bill out entirely. #unafilliatedvoter
@SenatorBurr  While ACA has many bad points, ACHA is so much worse & will harm millions of us.Think about it
Meet with your constituents IN PERSON during may recess.  We deserve our voice being heard
we are counting on you to act humanely with care for those who need it the most.  Our healthcare is not for a political win.
McCrory's refusal to expand Medicaid is one of the reasons NC is struggling. And this is cited as evidence that the ACA is failing in NC.
Please revise this so that the needs of the poor are not dismissed.
Universal health care period!
Can I suggest regulating insurance companies so they can't charge more than a certain amt for ALL coverage for EVERYONE?
#medicare4all #SinglePayerNow
Are you kidding? What facts do you have to support the house bill protecting pre existing conditions?!
Love how they put down their own legislation.
So YOU plan to get to work on this? Looking at what's best for ALL & not select individuals correct?
What changes are y'all looking to make?
How about you toss this one and improve upon the ACA?!! This bill is a load of crap and we all know it! Do better.
You'll just be putting lipstick on a pig. Lifetime & annual caps? Increased premiums for those w/ pre-existing conditions?
i am watching Sen Tillis.   the bill passed was morality wrong,  it is cruel and inhumane.  and hurts your NC voters bigly.
Heath care for all is not socialism its capitalism. Small employers and people who want to start a business not having to think about HC!!!!
Your biggest contributor is the insurance industry, we know where your priorities are, not with the people of #NC your are the swamp
Good luck Thom. Please remember the self-employed
You're aware that premiums were skyrocketing *before* the ACA was passed, right? And that the growth was slowed by the ACA? Look it up!
You can tell them but they don't want to hear it. My rates have been going up significantly fo 15 years...well before ACA.
Yours and literally everyone else’s. The ACA *slowed* the rate of increase. Will you admit that truth, @SenThomTillis , or no?
make it medical can't super hike prices of goods/service from actual manufacturing cost. those on tax salary cut pension to support illegals
As an older American -55-it would be nice if my premiums did not go  up!
One would hope this pass of crap won't pass
Seriously Senator, give us the same insurance coverage that members of congress are provided
So now pregnancy, rape  asthma, autism are all pre existing conditions  shame shame
Being a woman shouldn't be a pre-existing condition. Surviving domestic abuse or sexual assault shouldn't be either. That's shameful.
Work on the ACA! The @GOP plan is terrible and will destroy America.
My recommendation to improve it is light it on fire.
Your time is up #2018election
If you could fix this mess, by all means, please do. I suggest reading it as first step.
We will be watching you very closely. Affordable healthcare for all
Really? No women on the Senate panel for the healthcare bill?

Vote NO!

Save ACA!
Please protect those of us in #NC with #preexistingconditons, including maintaining restrictions on lifetime maximums.
I am concerned what changes McCain Jr will make. Doubt they will be better than #House. #healthcarevote
How about making it single-payer? I hear that works well in the rest of the civilized world
Without @GOP
I sincerely hope you stick to this promise... The drastic coverage reductions and pre-existing conditions issue in ACHA are horrifying.
No! I need the ACA for my daily medicine!
Please ensure affordable, comprehensive coverage for pre-existing conds. Paid for by scrapping the tax cut for the wealthiest families.
This bill hurts many North Carolinians, and is a disgrace and shame. I will be working diligently to remove you from office ASAP.
Why don't I believe you?
you have a lot of work to do. Please make sure your we are covered!
We have heard those same promises before.
Get it done!
If you can't improve the ACA ,you must leave it alone. Costs were increasing pre-ACA and will continue. The smart play is  #SinglePayerNow
Making changes to ACA would be better. Stress contributes to health problems. Preventative care and treatment hard to plan 4 my family of 4.
How will Trumpcare help those in LKN hurt and killed by construction on your I-77 Cintra toll lane project?
Agreed, @SenThomTillis and please don't settle for anything less. Please make it a true IMPROVEMENT. I'll be looking to see how you vote.
It must include protection for pre-existing conditions & no lifetime limits.
Good for you. I am happy you feel this way.
How about improving the ACA? There's only but so much you can do to improve the pile of  that is the ACHA
We should trust you…why? #NC08 #MooreDems #NCGOP
Vote to protect those with preexisiting conditions those on Medicaid, and ensure basic coverage including preventative and mental health
It's called Medicare for all. Read up on it how about.
Hope you also plan to remove all the ridiculous tax cuts to the wealthy as well. Or just scrap it, since ACA was better anyway.
You can't improve garbage. You should throw it out and work with Dems on Obamacare fixes to strength markets and lower premiums.
Just vote AGAINST and improve ACA instead.
THIS! The plan passed by the house is terrible. Look out for ALL Americans, not just the wealthy.
I hope by "improve" you mean "set fire to." We're watching.
Why is it so hard for you to work together for the greater good? the ACA can be fixed, but this path is a dangerous one. Shame on the GOP.
Shame on both parties.
You can say that, but this has been modus operandii primarilu for the GOP since Gingrich. OBama did reach out on ACA, Rs, wanting to ...
Make him a 1 term prez left the table. Now GOP is in control, ball is in their court. Worked for Bob MIchel - and R who got reagan's
Agenda through a D controlled congress ... that was when compromise was not a 4 letter word & the 24 hour news cycle had not come into play
Amen to major changes and improvements!
