Well, lets see what he has to say about upholding the law?! Don't you think that's pretty darn important?!
@SenateDems Qualifi's are mandatory (unless you're DeVos??) His 18thC mentality has no place in 21st C society.
You think he's mainstream?  HAHAHAHA!  That's a joke but I won't object if you vote for him.
The John Birch Society loves him.
Too bad the same can't be said for DeVos' qualifications. She bought your vote for $70,200.
He would be an excellent choice to fill a vacancy that occurred during a Republican administration. For a Dem. vacancy? No.
and what was your reason for GOP denying Garland a hearing for 11months? why should any Dems respect trump's choice?
@SenateGOP Mainstream? Think we have different definitions of mainstream
@SenateGOP if he is anything like Scalia he is definitely not mainstream. Why would you lie to us like that?
pretty sure if you believe corporations are people but women and gays are not, you aren't exactly "mainstream"
yes he is you just don't want him there USA pick trump and trump pick him so yes we want him there
It isn't his turn.
Yeah, but it's Garland's seat. When someone leaves now, Trump can appoint Gorsuch because NOW it's his turn.
@SenateGOP Time to go nuclear option on these libatards. Give them a taste of their own medicine.
Will Judge Neil Gorsuch be sympathetic to the TRULY forgotten... #MothersOfTheUnborn?
Perhaps this will link will help your balanced thought process better before simply falling in line https://www.facebook.com/senatorelizabethwarren/posts/720622014766961 …
haha because you're the guy to listen to about Supreme Court justices, who will be ruling on domestic inequalities.
Merrick Garland
does mainstream mean white man now?

@SenateGOP incredible if you're not a woman.
@SenateGOP Committed so that we become a nation ruled by men instead of by laws.  Using articles of confederation. . . .
No approval until #PresidentBannon is forced out of the White House! Nobody voted for that racist clod. #NoBannon
What was wrong with Merrick Garland? And mainstream?
@SenateGOP  so was Merrick Garland
Yet another tweet from a spineless GOP senator who is beholden to the party and big business - NOT the PEOPLE
Judge Merrick Garland is an incredibly qualified and mainstream choice to serve on the #SCOTUS . #GOPobstruction #filibuster
So was Merrick Garland, but you spent a year blocking him. Gorsuch is an illegitimate Judge nominated to a #StolenSeat
Mainstream? Are you that out of touch?
like an ant following Trump off a cliff, mid term elections just around the corner, I won't forget
not mainstream at all. Vote no
@SenateGOP Merrick Garland was as well and yet you refused even have a meeting with him. Shameful
No Debbie. Precedent by @joebiden it's called "bidened" lookout up.
My zip code is 27858. Please provide a link to documentation supporting this statement. Pics don't provide useful info
@SenateGOP  Social conservatism is not "mainstream"
@SenateGOP while he is indeed qualified, mainstream he is not. Nor is he as qualified as judge garland.
@SenateGOP That's Merrick Garland's seat. You didn't respect him Gorsuch will get no respect. His mother with EPA, very bad!
@SenateGOP on that #SCOTUSeat stolen from #MerrickGarland ? Or #CassandraButts who died waiting 2yrs 4 Ambassador apt.
Uh, not so mainstream actually. GOPstream maybe. Amazes me U all think it's okay 2 impose UR christian rules on me
He is anti women's choice & #NotMyJustice #IStandWithPP #IDefy
Mainstream? Whose river is he in? Up the GOP's polluted Acheron Cocytus Lethe Styx Creek?
Sure, if by mainstream you mean mid-right to far right.
@SenateGOP AWESOME PICK.  My other favorite... KELLYANNE CONWAY... I've enjoyed watching her rip half the press a new one!
@SenateGOP who knows what kind of judge he'll B. No 1 n your party stands 4 truth anymore & we can't accept anyone u present
@SenateGOP all this ass kissing is sickening. Have u no shame? govt is run by a bunch of saps, GET TO WORK AND DO RIGHT BY US
@SenateGOP I don't think you know what "mainstream" means. #MerrickGarland is mainstream. Gorsuch...not so much.
If he was mainstream he wouldn't be considered. And you are a fucking liar if you're saying this is about qualifications!
I do not believe he is qualified. Please reconsider!
@SenateGOP He is not mainstream.
.@SenThomTillis @SenateGOP Pls require every Sen, who accepted campaign contributions from DeVos fam, to recuse themselves. #draintheswamp
@SenateGOP Yet he's not the Obama appointee. Or is the presidents ability to nominate. Shit? @SenThomTillis?
Care to respond @SenThomTillis? Or is you're word as an American crap?
too bad the President is a psycho.  Investigate Russia, then work on this.
Judge Neil Gorsuch isan incredibly qualified and mainstream choice to serveon the #SCOTUS.
#MerrickGarland
Maybe, but he has to be at least a little bit embarrassed to have been nominated by Trump, right!
Now when do YOU come up for re-election?  I will find out and work very hard to see that you are not a senator from NC again!
by stalling for nearly a year on the SCOTUS pick, you showed you are really against the voice of the people.
I agree!
You've already been given a nominee that you disgracefully ignored. #SeatGarland Refuse Judge HobbyLobby. #SHAME
we'll just need to make sure we vote him out before the next seat comes up
@NCGOP right like @BetsyDeVos was a good choice for education. might need 2 my roots somewhere else
Your constituents disagree. Please give like thought to Gorsuch as the immigration ban. We appreciate your integrity.
I like how "mainstream" is supposed to be high praise in this day and age.
doesn't seem too mainstream to me
With your support, Judge Soruch will fill Judge Scalia's seat. Thank you.
i am not sure.  i expect  you to fully vet him.pretend Obama nominated him when u question him
Should I turn in my IUD to your Charlotte or DC office??
No, It was a disgrace the way Merrick Garland's appointment was stonewalled...Just as the stonewalling of Gov Cooper is.
He deserves the same respect and consideration you gave Merrick Garland.
Don't get squishy when the NC papers and the NC NAACP turn up the heat.
Why would any one consider him when you didn't consider Garland?
yeah yeah yeah. We get it. You're a yes man for Donald Trump. Where were you when Garland was nominated?
I hope they give it the same amount of thought you gave Garland. In other words, none.
Is he more mainstream than Merrick Garland? Why the call to action now and not a year ago? #beHonest
You had better fight for his confirmation.
Please vote NO for DeVos. Your voters want good public education... not failed education.
People should never forget how the GOP (with the help of Vladimir Putin) cynically stole a Supreme Court seat. #StolenSeat
He is a big business (Koch) guy. He is for religious discrimination. Not cool. Do not vote for this guy.
I'm sure you are just doing what #PresidentBanon says to do.
Merrick Garland is incredibly qualified. You showed him nothing but contempt/disrespect deliberately left the court in limbo.
Why should Dem's behave any differently than you did?
Merrick Garland
We, your constituents, hold you 2 your plan to "thoughtfully consider" #SCOTUS. Don't let anyone force their religion on us!
delete your account.
I hope this guy gets the same treatment you gave Merrick Garland!
more important: right to vote, or 2nd amendment?
he's a right wing extremist
@JammieWF @SenThomTillis Bullshit.
would you say as qualified as, I don't know, Merrick Garland!?!?!?
wrong, extreme conservative
He is not mainstream in the least on a great many issues.
