House Democrats attempt to force vote on path to citizenship for Dreamers http://hill.cm/X3UPemV  
Any DACA deal = amnesty = invitation for invasions
"invasions"By who?The people who work like dogs picking produce,cleaning, nannying,filthy unsafe factories
Look at Europe... That is called invasions.
We blew up the Middle East based on lies of war mongersPeople fled4their lives.End wars&THEY'll go HOME
No...they want to invade the Europe or EU want them to form a NWO...
Why do U ignore the fact that refugees run away for SURVIVAL.Not a real estate http://decision.Life  or
They have their neighborhood countries to seek for asylum...
Answer's flippant&denies reality.My parents WERE refugees.Came here legally after4 yrs of"camps"No picnic
If only this logic was used on both sides across the board
NO!
Follow the LAW. Parents,if you are here illegally go home. Dreamers, when your temporary time here is up go home. Join your parents.
What’s the definition of home in your book?
The nation where they were born! Where their parents were born! The nation where they are a citizen!
Actually the definition of home is the place where one lives permanently, especially as a member of a family or household.
Do a little research into the #DACA people.  They're not kids, most paperwork unverified, most will not be a huge benefit to USA.
They also go through the same screenings as the residents do, they go through a process. Every aspect of their life has to be documented
Probably because you Republicans kept blocking anything Democratic, and especially with the name Obama on it.
We need Obamacare repeal before even thinking about dream act.  You need to take care of your constituents first before next election
We need ACA FIX before border wall!
No amnesty
permanently end DACA.......no citizenship.......they are illegal
It's almost like we need different people in Congress for it to get anything done
Have you ever tried to contact Inhoffe? Send email, it gets queued forever. His staff has no idea where he is. They claim security reasons.
https://www.theverge.com/2017/3/29/15100620/congress-fcc-isp-web-browsing-privacy-fire-sale …  how much did you sell us out for on this horrible deathcare? What are Oklahomans lives worth to you?
Lankford 21000 inhofe 38000
Yes! Let's discuss how we secure the border & deport illegals! #DeportThemAll #NoAmnesty 
Tillis you lost my vote Hendo NC
#NoAmnesty #NoAmnesty #NoAmnesty
I am for strict immigration laws and for the wall, but @GOP why can't we just go ahead and let these young people stay. @POTUS help them.
Please check out @StefanMolyneux presentation on #DACA they aren't kids, their paperwork isn't verified. DACA people are not kids
I voted 4 you. We want illegal aliens removed from America. NOW. They Broke the law to get here & must come here LEGALLY! No Law Breakers!
Deport them.
Really? Do u know what bipartisan means?  I have some ocean front property in OK to sell u
We know what happened in 1986. The demokRats are repeating history.
Aren't you trying to amnesty all the DACA illegal aliens?
No DACA Amnesty. #BuildTheWall  #MAGA No Chain Migration! American Children First!
giving dreamers a path to citizenship is a slap in the face to ligement imigrants you democrat!
Does your new plan ratify mandatory E-Verify for all states. If no, why not? Does it get rid of Birth-right Citizenship? If not, why?
No discussion obey the law. This is America not some third world rec league.
How about not focusing on amnesty? Reality check is what happened to amnesty luther strange. That will happen to all of you RINO
GOP Senator Push Amnesty for 2.5Mil Illegals http://bit.ly/2xzaKxe  
NC SEN TILLIS HATING OUR KIDS
HE KNEELS
ALA & USA STAND AGAINST RINO
My feelings shared above. You mind using ur bribes on learning a thing about ur job or anything & take Paul Ryan w/u & buy spines. SHAME
For now, the DACA system should be extended. Eventually there should be a path to citizenship. These are who should be citizens!
The DACA system should also monitor student visas and worker visas (fees paid by boss). This is the loophole! Save $$$! No Wall needed!
REALITY CHECK:  Y'all are great at obstruction but you are really, really bad at good governance.
Best Alternative: Fire Trump!
Too many narrow minded people in Washington DC who don't care!  Want to only vote party, not people
@thehill hell no Deport every one of the son of a bitches put my children's my American Children First
And how is the #SUCCEEDAct different from the #DreamAct? It's not! Amnesty w/no enforcement to prevent future illegal immigration #NoAmnesty
#NO AMNESTY SEND THEM HOME YOU IDIOTS THEY WILL ALWAYS VOTE FOR DEMS NOT YOU.
#SUCCEEDAct junk amnesty bill. Cut legal immigration in half in order to raise wages for working and middle-class Americans with #RAISEAct
How about, NO! Stop talking about amnesty and fund the damn wall. BTW, repeal Obamacare like you promised.
You support draconian, secretive, dishonest anti-American "Repeal!" Bills.
Certainly not to be trusted with #DACA
@thehill There is a reason why DACA was voted down. There is a process & rule of law. No freeloaders!
@SenThomTillis 

You're idiots, slavery was voted down too, didn't make it right.
REALITY CHECK: Repealing ACA keeps getting voted down by smart thinking GOPs. How about you heed your own words and come together for both!
If they haven't started to get the paperwork for citizenship going; they, should be deported.
REALITY COUNTERCHECK: Trumpcare has been presented in 3 different forms in 6 months and cannot pass Congress. Fix ACA w/bipartisan effort.
There should be no Dream Act. 1986 Amnesty law settled that! No healthcare reform, tax reform, wall, but this for your Republican supporters
How much will it cost the citizens? Guess what your lovely isp bribe showed up..and Inhofe's..pay for your house or your car for selling us?
Is "enforcing the law" one of the options you professional grifters might consider?
You work for the American ppl not illegal immigrants! Where is our #RepealObamacare #TaxReform #BuildTheWall . 

#NoAmnesty #ruleOfLaw
The American people demand a vote on Graham-Cassidy. We deserve to know which senators want to destroy our healthcare. Election Polls Matter
No Lankford any amnesty encourages more child smuggling. No Amnesty!
#DREAMAct was/is a bipartisan, bicameral effort. The bill is the same, Congress is different. At least give it a vote!
The Dems sat down with President Trump. Or is that fake news Senator? Glad to see you suggest a crossing of the aisle, make the call!
Legalization of their children is the biggest reason illegal aliens sneak in. Succeed Act should not be considered without first passing
fully, permanently funded E-Verify, Wall, biometric entry/exit screening, and merit based RAISE Act to fix this problem once and for all.
Congress should help young Legal Immigrant Dreamers too. #H4DREAMERS #DREAMACT #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
Alternative #1, send them home and let them reapply as legal immigrants, anything else is unacceptable to citizens and REAL legal immigrants
It honestly makes the US more money. $495 per application x 800,000 people. Every two years.
Plus the money they put into social security, federal, and state taxes. A
And that’s not even taking into consideration that they also keep the flow of the economy. But if you want GDP to drop by trillions why not?
Deporting the dreamers would not drop GDP by trillions.  That's a ridiculous statement.
We spend more on illegals than we get in taxes.
REALITY CHECK: Your POC constituents are VERY AWARE of your silence on the 45/NFL comments & the Arpaio pardon. Why do you hate brown ppl?
Why do you want open borders?
What alternative? They got here through no fault of their own. Let them become citizens. Easy peasy
What about their family members that brought them here ILLEGALLY? Should they be allowed to stay and receive govt benefits?
Sure, why not?
It was voted down because the senate republicans had The Caucus Room meeting and vowed to oppose all Obama items, no matter what.
Situation is different now
REALITY CHECK: Obamacare repeal was voted down multiple times. Maybe you should reach across the aisle and work on bipartisan alternatives.
Or you could just pass it.
The Dems are just trying to put you on the record for cruelty and inhumanity. #DREAMAct #Trumpcare
No amnesty.  Try it and you'll need to put in job applications.
Grateful for your leadership and compassion!
Lol.
You need a reality check sir
Here's another REALITY CHECK. Republicans have voted to repeal AHC numerous times in the past 7 years. None of it means anything... games.
https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fconservativefiringline.com%2Fsenate-rinos-propose-measure-amnesty-two-million-illegals%2F&h=ATNlEgHGelcGHx2anMlOpq5G9PkLSFCiFZKcUtTA4F5HtywlUpRAuCHKWlAhoDzcYuHrmvazoBrbTJj61jzPPDkhxYCNVtTD5-XT5M07ZwZAvaJ1rgezUu2Id8DkXvaYcysLG1YMe0dA4BS-rlX1Mp0tjO4V-ShnGKDxTHbd0D4so-AXbq5bl8JKnKlD5mfGwo7toIfUWv6IRTwVIlYMjFPp1IReeYGt8NLEySHGffwFJRxVniYJSfENU6L7uV4Qi1o …

While everyone is busy bashing the NFL these two RINOS are trying push through this AMNESTY bill!
Stink your AMNESTY BILL where the sun don't shine! ANOTHER RINO doing the Dems bidding! YOU RINOS ARE DISGUSTING!
Your bill is great, but that does not mean you can't support this bill, Please do not divide votes.
Senator with all due respect, this time it has alot more support than ever before... Please support the #DREAMAct
Right after you get an aid package to Puerto Rico.
Sad that Mitch abandoned Repub voters.  HUGE loses forecast for '18 and '20.
Or -- now hear me out on this -- Republicans could, FOR ONCE, NOT be racist A-holes. I know, it's a radical concept, but it could just work.
Its not racist to uphold the law, that's why it's called ILLEGAL immigration, did you ever have  Civics class in school?
No, but it *IS* racist to deliberately target people of Hispanic descent. Why are there no task forces rounding up undoc'd Asian/Irish/etc?
Illegal imigration is what is being targeted, it don't take a genious to see that the problem is on the southern border, if you are honest.
That's fine, but then you have people like Joe Arpaio or current ICE agents who used it to detain people based on their appearance & skin.
I rather err on the side of caution & let a non violent person slip through the cracks than detain everyone & deny civil rights
Whether you like it or not, undocumented immigrants contribute to our economy and are even taken into account for data & statistic purposes.
To deny their contributions simply because they crossed an imaginary line in the desert & you don't like them for it *is*, frankly, racist.
Perhaps it CAN pass congress now,  given the urgency triggered by the President's recklessness.
