Are you hiding the responses to your tweets????
And now we need an independent investigation into Trump admin ties to Russia.
Take a position. Choose country or party!
Sorry Thom, this pile of meaningless words is worse than saying nothing at all.
It's sad to say that as a North Carolinian I am ashamed that you do not care for the people, the law or justice. It's a sad day in America.
Please stand up and protect our democracy from Trump.  This is getting very frightening.
We demand an independent investigation and counting on you to perdue! NC is watching you closely! Get busy!!!!!
Country before party - Call for independent investigation.
Are you comfortable with this?
Fake news. Refuted by Acting Director McCabe under oath.
I respect this statement, but you need to call for an independent committee/special prosecutor. Please stand up for the rule of law.
Really?  Traitor... back the president and quit being a RINO
The first decent tweet you have given. Now work to find all the russia links to assrump and its cronies. Work for your people not party.
WEAK
Does it bother you that POTUS fired FBI Dir who was actively investigating his campaign? It bothers me.  Special prosecutor!
Weak! #IndependentInvestigationNow
Will you stand up for our democracy and call for an independent special prosecutor.
What are you trying to say, bud? Do you or do you not support @realDonaldTrump removing the guy at this juncture? Sincerely, Constituent
As another NC constituent .... Please do not let us down. Country before party. #SpecialProsecuter
This is the end of the republic, Thom. You can be a hero and work to save it, or you can crash and burn with the other Trump toadies.
independent investigation NOW!
That's not a position. That's bland evasion. Take a stand for democracy and call for an #IndependentInvestigation! #FulfillYourOath!
Be a patriot and get an independent investigation. This is obstruction of justice which is a impeachable offense.  Do you want to go down 2?
Senator Tillis, 30 years from now history students will be using this tweet to assess the character of our reps. What will they see?
Please stand up and push for an independent investigation of Trump and Russia. Put principle ahead of party.  #kremlingate
We demand an independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections.

NOW!

Do your job!
Please call for an independent counsel to investigate Russian meddling in our election. We need to know. Get on the right side of history.
So demand an independent investigation!!
This says nothing!  What are you going to do!!!
You should not be doing a single thing except working for a complete investigation of Donald Trump and ALL Russia ties. #DoYourJob
Please stop the disgrace of our nation. Will you demand a transparent, independent and thorough investigation or just make statements?
Sometimes your best isn't good enough.
so what do you plan to actually do?
Any man who tries to ride two horses across the stream will eventually get wet or drown. Do you approve of Trump's firing Comey or not?
You are seeing many anti-POTUS replies. Keep in mind that NC voted for Donald J Trump for President and Thom Tillis for US Senator.
Demand an independent investigation now. Put country over party for once. Show you are willing to stand up for what is right.
#TrumpRussia. Subpoena them all.  Please find your backbone.   Still waiting on that townhall.
Independent investigation #Trumprussia
148 responses and not one approval. When will you learn staying in the middle won't work. silent majority wanted Comey out! Move right.
time for an IP-& if nothing is found than DJ will be redeemed, what is to lose? Clinton survived being impeached Take action, please.
Not enough!!!
typical. You basically said nothing. Here's to hoping @DrGregBrannon replaces you.
I am a constituent. Demand a special prosecutor. Restore some faith. I have zero trust at the moment.
This is not sufficient. As a constituent I expect u 2 call 4 special prosecutor into the possible ties between @realDonaldTrump and Russia.
Stand up to President Trump. I am sick and tired of him running roughshod over our Democracy. Republicans impeached Nixon, time to do same!
Not enough. Take a stand and quit covering for @realDonaldTrump
Senator Tillis I watched you speak earlier today about Alzheimer's yet you fail to notice all of President Trump's symptoms of Alzheimer's!
Wow. So you don't have an opinion, just a flaky statement to say you said something. We need an independent prosecutor.
We need a public statement from you calling for an independent investigation. With nothing to hide, all benefit!
North Carolina and the rest of America are counting on you to call for an independent investigation into Trump / Russia.
Then why call for an independent investigation into Russian ties to Trump's campaign. Be a Patriot, not a collaborator!
Why aren't you calling for an independent investigation to let the facts be discovered?  You represent US not the party.
I'm your constituent and I DEMAND an independent investigation
@SenatorBurr is choosing COUNTRY over party regarding #Trumprussia this truly is a constitutional crisis. Pick a stance!
Attempted to lead...
That's great, now please support the appointment of a committee to investigate what happened.
So Senator, will you please call for an independent prosecutor now? Yes or no?
Can't help but notice a complete lack of promises or actions on your part to secure our democracy.
Senator, please join @SenatorBurr in calling for a special prosecutor. #ComeyFiring #SpecialProsecutor
You've literally had all day to release a position statement and this is it? It's clear the only position you're taking is party lapdog.
Constituent here also
DEMAND & SUPPORT a fully Independent & Transparent investigation. This thread indicates the will of the people you rep
Country over party. We need special investigation outside of congress.
Thom - I will vote against you - wonder why your approval ratings are so low ???
Independent prosecutor NOW, Thom.  Grow a fucking backbone, put country before party and help stop this travesty!
We want an independent investigation.
R u starting to realize their money isn't worth the price of our country? #HaveYouBeenBought? #DumpTrump #2018Elections #Drainthericholdmen
As a constituent who votes in North Carolina I am asking you to please seek an independent investigation. We need truth not alternative fact
The citizens of America deserve an independent investigation to find out the truth. Country first! Comey's firing disgraceful. Take a stand!
@SenThomTillis so what is your plan? At what point do you stand up for NC and fight for the truth with an independent investigation?
you sir, are a true American and a Republican to be proud of.
It's okay with you that a good servant FBI is fired by the very president he was investigating?
OK, you believe he was competent, then why was he fired. Take a stand sir!
That is a vanilla response to an event that cries out for you to take a stand. Show some leadership and a call for independent investigation
#independentProsecutor!  Get one and do your job instead of making empty statements!  We're not stupid, we vote, and we're watching.
Cop out. Take a stand. At least Burr has said he is disturbed by this. Time to sink or swim cause the SSTrump is listing
We need a Special Prosecutor now!
Now wouldn't you say it's time for an independent investigation into Russia???
You know Comey was incompetent & the people no longer trusted him. Obama should have fired him. Follow your constituency wishes, not yours!
So you are saying you disagree with @realDonaldTrump ?
Wow your statement says nothing. It's time to step up,Country over Party. We need independent council - Say that in a statement, then do it.
Wow. You said nothing. Seriously nothing.
How can you support a Director that overstepped his authority which resulted in a criminal not being prosecuted? Equal justice for all!
WHIMPY
Way to take a stand, Thom. Putin is pleased -- good job, comrade!
Thom you are incorrect. Your constituency feels differently. Comey actions created a dual justice system. Hillary should have been jailed.
JFC man
potus just met RU FM&Amb in OUR WhiteHouse. USA press out, RU "press" in. Do you think this is going away? Be on the right side of history.
Your statement about Comey says nothing about his dismissal. Time to take a stand. #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation
What the fresh hell, Tillis. Your statement says nothing. Call for a special prosecutor. NOW!
We need a special prosecutor to investigate the administrations Russian ties. Someone he can't fire.
Good statement.  Gracious.  But get a special prosecutor in place.  Urgently.  Do it. Your integrity is at stake.  #ComeyFiring
I also am a constituent. Please back this up with action. Independent investigation/prosecutor for Russia issues. This is 911.
Do the right thing, Senator. Put your country before your party. While you still can.
Senator, almost all ur statements lack a position. In ur frequent attempts to align urself with both god & the devil u manifest ur weakness.
What political BS.
Really what was I thinking? Not only are you a PeePee Toad, you're one from the most politically corrupt state in the Union!
@SenatorBurr was able to point out how fishy & disturbing it was that Comey was fired like this. Why can't you?
That statement says it all, you will take the side that Mitch tells you to take.
This says nothing, just fluff. Your constituents demand a special prosecutor for #TrumpRussiaInvestigation . Get with it.
#Trump #ncpol
As I said to @SenatorBurr, we disagree on almost everything, so I want express my appreciation for this statement.
When do you buck up &  call for a special prosecutor?
So what is your recommendation on the path forward? Should #POTUS get to decide who will be investigating him or an independent prosecutor?
And???????
Country over party; be courageous & speak up about Russian interference in our democracy.  Be on the right side of history please!
Nice. But how do you feel about an independent investigation?
Or do you still support Trump?
I've called your office and now I'm telling you, stand up for our democracy call for independent investigation
Your next statement should be to call for a special prosecutor.
Senator, we deserve a Special Prosecutor. Investigation into poss. American collusion must be free from interference, partisan games.
Where is the rest of your statement?
Useless.
#IndependentInvestigation Now!
Do the right thing ,@SenThomTillis. Resist tyranny and treason.
this is insufficient representation of your constituents, who are clearly calling for special counsel. Represent us!!
I do appreciate your statement and tone, as well as @SenatorBurr.  We are counting on you to stand up now with action.
Weak! Grow a back bone. NC voter.
blah blah, lets see some action! nothing less than a special prosecutor!!
Trump's firing of Comey is equivalent to shooting a witness to prevent testimony. It's time to impeach or use 25th amendment against Trump
Your silence was better than this 'statement'. #IndependentInvestigation
That's a bigger waffle than you can find at Waffle House.  Grow some courage and take a stand
A letter of reference...
good start! Now what about the smell? There isnt enough Febreeze!
The President of the U.S. just fired the man investigating the President of the U.S., and your response is "He was a nice guy?" Sack up, man
I'm one of your constituents. It is your duty to call for and support the appointment of a special prosecutor to look into the Russia mess!
Constituents expect you to do the right thing instead of just putting your #fingerinthewind! Take a stand! #independentspecialprosecutor
Traitorous coward. History will remember.
What does this even mean? You represent ME and I want a #SpecialProsecutorNow
That's nice but you better call for an independent counsel
Just left a message with your staff. It's obvious that this & related issues need to be investigated thoroughly. INDEPENDENT NON-PARTISAN.
Not enough Senator, we need you to PUBLICLY call for an independent investigation into trump campaign ties to Russia.
Profiles in courage
Terrible bunch of nothing. You are embarrassing your state and country
So... you're cool with Trump firing him because of the Russian investigation? Good to know. Do your constituents know you put party first?
And?
Please choose country over party. Ask for an independent investigation.
are you going to support an independent investigation or continue with these vacant words. get off your ass. Country comes before party.
 says more about you, than it does about Comey. It informs us & history, you CHOSE to defer from doing the right thing & stand up for USA
Amen
Country before Party......make NC proud..
Americans demand independent investigation into Trump Russian ties If Trump had nothing to hide he would encourage investigation
In these times and this movement  Americans want the truth and they want politician's to speak the truth. Your statement is typical
Independent Investigation needed now!
Please. Call for an independent special prosecutor. Actions are needed more than words.
Absolutely meaningless words for a monumental event. History will remember you and all who stood with him. You're a complacent COWARD
I am your constituent and want you to demand & unequivocally support an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia
Bob and weave, senator. Bob and weave. #FBI #JamesComey #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Then please call for an Independent Special Prosecutor NOW!!
Do better. This is nothing. BE a better Senator. NC deserves better. Be better than that DO NOTHING Burr. 2020 is just around the corner.
Spoken like a true politician. Senator Tillis, take a stand one way or another. I know North Carolina can produce a more effective senator.
Is that all...?
Sen, we don't need statements, we need action. Trump is thinks he is above the law. Country over party. DO SOMETHING!
Nice piece of fence sitting you managed there @SenThomTillis. Your statement states exactly nothing...
soooooo.... what actions are you taking?
You're useless, you should resign.
That is a statement that takes no position. Take a lesson from the senior NC senator. Call for independent investigation NOW.
Thanks for a nothing-burger. Do better. North Carolina demands a special prosecutor.
Totally was reading the statement like "this is nothing" but nothing-burger is way better.
Please investigate #TrumpRussia. 

Comey's firing has everything to do with obstructing #TrumpRussia. DO SOMETHING.
Independent investigation is now a must
So you'll be demanding an independent investigation?
