While you're worried about treating people like human beings, vote no on Graham-Cassidy. 32 million uninsured is inhumane.
You realize that's about how are uninsured under ACA now?
Fewer Americans are uninsured now than ever before - about 28M uninsured. The 32M figure will LOSE insurance in addition to current 28M.
You do realize that lose 'losing' can still acquire insurance, and the 28 may actually have a chance at affording it.
Most who will lose are on Medicaid, along with a fair # whose emp'rs will no longer offer ins.Many of 28M are in M'caid non-expansion states
The current system works for 2 groups: Those below the medicaid line and those with enough disposable income to afford the premiums.
You need to go do some homework on the US health system. ACA better for most - no caps, pre-existing cond coverage, community rating, etc.
While others suffer. I'm very aware of the health system, but thanks.
Not one person that I know that voted for you intends to vote for you again, including myself. Bang up job you're doing up there, Tillis.
He doesn't care. He's totally bought. He has time to push bill and then suck up to voters. Besides, he will get major campaign cash.
How right you are. Enjoy the last half of your term Tommy. #1TermThom
I've got a better idea. Support the legislation that already exists. I'm sure you're familiar with it.  It's called the Dream Act.
How is it giving you a nightmare! @MargretHochodo6
Facts Show Increasing Numbers of DACA Participants Not ‘Innocent’ https://www.westernjournalism.com/facts-show-increasing-numbers-daca-participants-not-innocent/?utm_source=facebook&utm_medium=empowerconservatives&utm_content=2017-09-08&utm_campaign=can …
Here are some objective facts for you:

American born natives have higher rate of crime.
Wasn't trying to be objective... Here's more facts for you: 88 SEXUAL ASSAULTS AGAINST THREE LITTLE GIRLS
If you sneak into Disney land with your kids, and get caught. Do the kids get a free Ride? Criminals are illegals, America first
Thank you!
You need to put US children first. My kids have dreams too!
Just gut wrenching that America deports law abiding #H4Dreamers and reward undocumented kids only.
Sure.... our Veterans homeless, you want to give priority to the DREAMERS, including the gang members and leeches... great job traitor!
Please vote "NO" on the Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal.  It would be a disaster for NC. #StopGrahamCassidy
#1TermThom
NO DACA  !!!!!   . These are not children. They are only wanted here for stolen votes.
OMG, the ignorance! 91% employed/in school, paid millions in taxes, social security, etc., pay fees to stay. They cost you NOTHING!
Go watch the gum ball immigration video
What are you going to do on Graham-Cassidy? Try doing what's right for once and vote NO.
Thank you senator, Thom.
Why don't you introduce a bill  addressing the uncertainty that poisoned Marines from Lejeune are facing? Stop with the "children" crap.
Please vote no on Graham Cassidy. Billions of dollars in Medicaid funding would hurt your constituents and devastate the opioid crisis.
I hope it's the DREAM ACT.
It is not undocumented, it is ilegal, also they are not children they are teens/adults.
Yeah, learn how to spell.
No #Amnesty. Maybe 'legal' status, but NO voting rights until they go through the normal #immigration process, and pay back all public funds
Pay back public funds? With their DACA work permit, they've been paying taxes.
(1/2)
Maybe people aren't well informed...

Just take $465 (filing fee; recently changed to $495) * 1,771,475 (Requests accepted) = > $824M
How about just supporting the Dream Act?  Let's get this over with and focus on other issues that plague our country.
Well that's not good if you're introducing it you never Trumper
Way to be on top of things, TT.  Don't forget your bill to help buggy whip manufacturers, too.
What uncertainty? They're foreign nationals who hold citizenship in a foreign country. They can return there anytime they choose.
What will you be doing for the 300,000,000 American citizens you are sworn to serve?
Pinning legal status to work req is bad for ALL workers. No work requirement!
Need lower taxes and border security
What are you doing for documented people?
You mean young "Adults."   We are ok making it a legal process for these folks, but BORDER CONTROL, please!!!  It's enough 
How kamala harris and LAPD framed a trump supporter.
What dose it profit a man to win a federal election only to lose his soul? God has forsaken our federal government. All Corruption and lies
And damn the American people's will
bill is waste of time! No reason for uncertainty just have these Mexicans file for a Green Card! Like others wanting to stay in the US!
Please make sure it addresses enforcement and includes #BuildThatWall as a condition. Otherwise illegal immigration will continue.
Dreamers are our only hope to save social security. We need more immigration of young people
Unless this bill is #AmericaFirst and American worker first I will be against it.
Children? . Obviously you have no regard for the average North Carolinian who needs healthcare that works for them and tax cuts! Bye bye
Illegal is illegal is illegal. There should never be a statute of limitations on illegal aliens. aka undocumented aka illegal immigrants.
At the town hall?
You people are insane.  Those humans have as much Right to be any where on this planet as you.  You are entitled to no space.
No chain immigration
Thank you Sen Tillis for taking lead on meaningful, long overdue immigration legislation. Hoping your colleagues sign!
Senator, please ensure that E2 children are included from @RepCurbelo RAC Act. Please fix flaw of legal travel. Flaw may disqualify many
I think you would be a fine Senate Majority leader.
‘DREAMER’ CAUGHT DELIVERING DRUGS TO DEALER IN JAIL TO BE DEPORTED
#traitorThom
Is this because your paymaster Tom Donohue at the Chamber of Commerce urged you to drop everything & get this done? #AmericaFirst
Thank you, Senator!
Why not introduce a bill for health care?
No amnisty
Send them back or look for another job
I hope it's the DREAM Act. And I appreciate that you care.
I hope not.
@realDonaldTrump   @SenThomTillis  @SenatorLankford @RepKevinYoder  @GOP Plz show the Path for Ageing out Legal Children.
Could you at least stop insulting the people who respect law and call them illegal aliens? Pretend you work for voting citizens.
The Dreamers did NOTHING illegal. Their parents came to this country for opportunity!So you should be arrested for the crimes of your child?
So much tears and sympathy for Dreamers. Where is your sanity for #H4DREAMERS? Protect and help the legals as well.
Would you please also work for LEGAL dreamers stuck in 70 Years GC backlog lines also? #H4dreamers
HOW ABOUT WORKING ON HEALTHCARE AND TAX REFORM!!
Please do
Called deportation..
It's time for Americans to DUMP senators who are against Americans
DUMP DACA!!  DUMP TILLIS!
RINO
ur actions prove u r on the PEDOPHIL list. open borders to smuggle kids in
 and to take down potus to cover ur tracks.
This NC voter is not in favor of amnesty. Our American children have dreams too! #AmericaFirst
AMERICANS HAVE DREAMS TOO!  I dream of lower premiums!!!!!!!
Illegal alien children live with illegal alien parents, address necessity to deport them as families We can't sustain this economic burden.
Thank you senators
ILLEGAL ALIENS broke our sovereign laws/reunite them with their families in their countries of origin/MUST LEAVE non negotiable #EndDACA /
Do u want me to hold my breath or congratulate u? How long has this been an issue? How long have u been in Congress? #RepubliKlanParty
How about the uncertainty facing the American worker? Also, are you raising the age of "children" to mid 20s? You're a Republican, right?
Address in what way? Screwing them over or helping them?
Why won't u work as hard for AMERICANS? !
#TaxReform #NoAmnesty #RepealObamacare
#BuildTheWall #FIRERYAN #FIREMCCONNELL
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
DACA? They're in their 20s...
So I guess if your parents ever committed a crime, we should just hold you responsible.  Alrighty then.
They are not citizens and are not entitled to skip over everyone in line just because their parents committed a crime. Alrighty then.
So, yes, you do want to be held responsible for crimes of ancestors. Perfect. They aren't "skipping" they have rigorous standards to uphold.
They are skipping line over others who've been waiting for years if they are granted citizenship.
They have to work for it just like everyone else, they have been here most of their lives and have committed no crime. Can we deport u?
There is no uncertainty. They are Americans. Any conditions to them being Americans is unconscionable.
