Your outa office , we will remember you taking Democrat $$$
So why wasn't the law enforced when Mr0 was in office?
None of that is true. They counted the people turned away at the border as deportation which is just to pad the numbers
Nope
Right. But Obama did NOT have the highest deportations. Read it. He had lower deportations.
No Amnesty for illegal dreamers!
And what have you all been doing over the years?
What do you say to all the legal immigrants in this country that came here the right way? Any form of amnesty is an insult to all of them
OK well get to work by passing the Cotton/Perdue Bill and switch to merit based Immigration
U take 2long@where r the tax cuts,I want an ex.Order on 2 let USA citizens vote on congressional pay increase every 4yrs
Congress should be paid the national median wage for other part time jobs,  no pension no benefits after leaving office
GREAT IDEA,I AGREE
& The legislative representatives should represent the citizens not the fuckn illegal immigrants & corporations
Well do something then!
It just was.
And shall be enforced
And Senators and Representatives should have term limits.
They do have term limits. 
They're called elections.
You know what I mean. I'm talking 22nd Amendment-like term limits. Congress should not be a career.
Yes I do. 
But the people need to step up and, you know, vote. 
This country is being run by the people who show up.
PS- I'm on your side. 
Sign up to Protest TILLIS @his home .
It is the responsibility of Congress. Dreamers have earned the right of citizenship this is there home
Now you want to stop EO's? EO's r Obamas claim to fame!
It WAS set by executive order.... can be reversed by executive order
.We love legal immigrants. They are fine, law abiding people. Not like the cheating criminal illegals. Lower fees & wait times. NOT amnesty
Where was your voice when obama used executive orders to allow fighting age Muslim into our nation.  PS. We will not be voting for you again
Then you could have made sure that all efforts to pass the legislation weren't met with such blockade from your party #stopblamingobama
Stop being a dem support our president or NC will not support you
As usual, Congress has the same answer. Wait, we can fix it.  Maybe in time for the second coming, no,, that would be held in committee also
A lot of things should be solved by legislation.  To bad you idiots can't get anything done! 
I'm a voter in north Carolina you sir will b out of a job soon.
@SenThomTillis has been nothing but a disappointed. @POTUS won NC...listen to your our voices Senator!
It takes you guys 6 months to vote on which ass cheek to scratch first 
I am running against Tillis.  Maybe Tillis should proffer solution before extolling virtues of imaginary solution.  800K real lives at stake
NC has many unemployed youth, Americans! Help our citizens first. No DACA! Big companies, big business using illegals as cheap labor. Sad!
Incorrect. Americans either do not want the open jobs or aren't qualified. Talk to farmers and recruiters.
Transition to America first employment takes time, requires businesses to recruit and train
If you would  have worked with President Obama, he wouldn't have had to issue an Executive order.#ncresident#notvotingforyouin2018
House and Senate haven't accomplished a single thing for Americans so it will be very telling if their first accomplishment is for illegals
As a republican, please save DACA. These children didn't have choices! They came with parents and work hard!
Yes but where was your voice during Hussein Obama's reign
@SenThomTillis
Immigration policy should be set through legislation, not executive orders. (1/4)
If you were on the side of American people he would need to use executive orders
Come Compete with low wage immigrants. What about the poor white/black wrkn class. It why we have borders dummy
Not when the people's representatives in Congress have long ceased representing the legal voters.
Therefore, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump should reverse @BarackObama immigration EO's. RIGHT!
Yes, Congress has done such a great job with immigration. ALL of you magnified the problem. End DACA.... Americans First
We were raised to follow the rules or suffer the consequences. IF your PARENTS do a crime, THEY go to Jail & YOU go live with Aunt Susie!!!
Except daca applications are from 20 to 30 year old..  Either you are misinformed or a liar
So what is your plan???????
Then why hasn't it been done?  Reagan granted amnesty to the people here illegally and immigration were to be fixed. We are still waiting.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did you say that to Obama when legislated immigration? I think not. 
Immigration, healthcare, tax reform and many other things should be set through legislation. Kill filibuster and get on with it!
This isn't going as planned.....Soon to be former senator
Hoping legal immigration reform is a part of this policy, for immigrants who have legally lived in the US longer...
Please understand you WILL suffer at the ballot box because of this.
Government should enforce existing laws
What the hell have you done to keep our country safe??  NOTHING!!!!!
@marcorubio @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenFeinstein Senator Susan Collins @SenKamalaHarris 
#EndDACA #AmericaFirst
Shut up, Tillis.. Go tell it to your friend Obama.  If you hate Trump so much, become a Democrat. We won't miss you...
#EndDACA we are sick of you and @marcorubio putting criminal illegals in front of our legal children! #AmericaFirst #SendThemAllBack
Get out of public office. How dare you insist that average Americans swallow up millions of illegal aliens. You are a hypocrite. GET OUT!
Yes it should except when nothing is being done. Drain the Swamp!!!!!
Then congress needs to get the asses busy and fix it! We are sick of their worthlessness
Term limits should be set too but you wont have to worry about that next year
it's cute when u pretend to have conservative principles
Immigration policy also shouldn't reward those that break the law! Send them home and let them apply like everyone else.
Enjoy your last term turncoat! You should support @POTUS
Sure do nothing Senator all you can do is attack the POTUS we voted for.  You let O do what he wanted STHU.
You had 2 yrs to legislate out of Obamacare debacle: FAIL.
Agree with this one of the last  4 tweets
Sometimes we gotta do what we gotta do, Senator. Go back to D.C. and roll up your sleeves, sir.
Hillary is running AGAIN???
It's simple, DEPORT THE LOT OF EM! Do the job I elected you for or I WILL vote you OUT!!!
Only thing you've done is investigation against Trump, break campaign promises and now  do work for illegals can't wait till u r voted out
So start doing your job.
if you want a future in politics you better apologize for all of this nonsense and get on board with repealing DACA. Tick tock, Thom.
Sellout, the American public voted @POTUS to eliminate DACA do your job
https://youtu.be/3qXL6IB9YKE 
This is how far we can trust Congress.
Read the Constitution Thom. You want that authority run for a different office.
2013 Gang of 8 led Senate in passing of immigration legislation - Boehner wouldn't vote on it in House as GOP majority didn't support
Wrong. We don't want you making that decision your fired in 2018. Represent the people not your self or your fired
Written by elected officials not the CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Swamp! It started that way. We voted Trump FOR this. And why are you not sharing on FB? Scared?
DACA wasn't even an executive order. Was a memo from the HS director written on a napkin from Arby's
Then why not have you already not done that?
You got it Sen Tillis.  Now do it.
Senator Tillis, Correct, Comprehensive Immigration Legislation is Needed, Not Executive Orders, so We Look For Action From You & Congress!
I voted 4 u!Husband did 2~NO DACA! End it now! I want my kids 2 have a job in Richmond Co! Illegals take them after using educ system! Enuff
As a NC resident, it's really tough to trust anything you come up with.
Congress has become too liberal on both sides of the aisle.
But, you legislators can't seem to do the right thing.
Let's see your bill high speed.
Agitator   U R part of USA  problem
Then do something about it. Why do you wait??
Good, erase what Obama did then, start from scratch. Correctly.
Than U should want Trump to #EndDACA The truth is U dont want to touch amnesty
So are you blaming Obama, who started this mess, or Trump who wants to clean it up?
Why screw it up more. # more vacation
Resign
So why did you let former President Obama do it???
LOL
That would be great if Congress could actually do something.  Not likely
Then congress needs to do the job they were elected to do and stop being a leech on taxpayers.
Thanks great but its under executive order now - Obama's. Why the change of heart? Do nothing Congress is nervous
I'm getting tired of it Tillis. Lay off Trump now or forfeit my vote!
You've had years to work on and propose a cogent policy, TT.  Get off of your partisan butt and do your job for once.
No I think it should be up to Americans.
Sure..like we trust you ....sorry to say I voted for you won't make that mistake again...
Unfortunately, u can't  get anything done!
Then do your damn job and atop campaigning
Enforcement of the law is not an overreach.  Where has the legislation been for the last 30 years?  Where is the legislation now?  Do it!
And executive orders should never be allowed to not follow the laws in place.
When Congress begins doing it's job.......maybe it will.......
That's a great idea. But you folks r a joke. So somebody has to take up your slack  GO TRUMP. 
Why haven't you fixed this problem then. You want to allow illegals into this country!! I 'm sorry I voted for you!
Why didn't you say that with the last POTUS , just another swamp dweller .
Wrong, policies should be in the executive branch, laws should be with Congress.  At least Trump has lit a fire under your ass.
DO YOU HAVE THE BILL DRAFTED            HOW MANY SIGNED ON
And @POTUS is reversing Obama's executive order so you can do YOUR job.
Shld have told Obama, and stood up against him.  If Trump wipes DACA away, it will only be a return 2 what it was.  Axe Judges 2.  LEGILATE!
Would be fine but you and your pals in Congress have not shown the ability to get anything to do with immigration done or anything at all.
And by y'all I mean Congress. BTW, I'm moving to NC in Nov so don't write me off.
Y'all haven't come up w any way to fix anything for Americans in a LONG time, repeal replace, tax reform. But illegals you'll help Thanks
Thom it is not looking good 4 the Repubs. We have a lot of voting to do n 2018. Going RINO hunting.
U let Obama set it through Executive order so what is the difference. Do your job. You guys r to scared to do the job, u want to b good guy.
IMHO we already have Legislation - Not that anyone bothered to enforce it.
Absolutely agree!  
Why don't you and the rest of the GOP, with your overwhelming majority, DO something about it?!?
When did you reverse your thoughts on daca?
I agree! DO YOUR JOB! Anyone with an (I) after their name is in jeopardy come 2018! '16 was a CHANGE election wake up and DO YOUR JOB!
Executive order was given because the founding fathers knew people like you was going to happen to us 
Do your job or get replaced
Tell that to previous prez
Suck it!
Agree, but you voted for the EO and Chief @realDonaldTrump soooooo
Wait, I thought the POTUS had soul discretion over immigration? Isn't that their argument for the "not a Muslim ban, Muslim ban"?
That's the PROBLEM! LEGISLATION on the books! LEGISLATORS won't enforce! LAW ENFORCEMENT is told to STAND DOWN! Who will YOU call for... 1/2
...help when armed intruders in YOUR HOUSE? When ANTIFA shows up, armed & prepared to beat YOU bloody, in riots at YOUR fundraisers? 2/2
FOX Just called SEN TILLIS a "CONSERVATIVE!" HOGWASH! I am conservative &  Tillis is a RINO!  He is a Dem in GOP garb! NC- Recall him!
So stop your obstruction and help POTUS enforce the law.
Obama used executive order to set policy. You agree with Dems and not your own president. You'll be out of a job in 2018, too bad flip flop!
So then your for @realDonaldTrump reversing Obama EO. Glad the rino has come around
We have the legislation.  Enforce it!
Let's enforce the law!
Congress is a failure, try doing your job!
So obama shouldn't have done it by exec order and @Potus is right to overturn dream act
Please do not send DACA people away!!
Yes, it's Congress' job!
Then draft it.
IF IT MEANS AMNESTY:NEVER. IF THEY GET AMNESTY, I STOP PAYING TAXES, OR INSURANCE,I WILL GO ON FOOD STAMPS FREE MEDICAL & HOUSING,ÀND EDUCAT
Then Senator, do your job.
Then why haven't you introduced a real reform to the issue
Get to work!!!
Pass HR 1520
 Where were you the past few years!! OMG!
Totally agree
Maybe if Congress would do their job that would not be necessary
Someone should have told Obama that. Thanks to him, America is in this mess.
Counting the days until you are voted out of office.  But keep trying to get into the DC Mafia.
I can see your chamber of Commerce controllers typing as you tweet. Resign.
Delete your account and resign.
You certainly did such a good job holding Barack Obama accountable for not enforcing law.
Because Congress is so effective at passing legislation #dunce
True! Now that your main goal is not to obstruct Obama, maybe you can get around to it? #DefendDACA #HereToStay
Legislators should legislate.
You need to be on the side of American citizens!
That was not the song of the day when obummer was in office.......
THEN DO YOUR JOB!  The PEOPLE you represent are telling you to get on with it.  YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING AS A CONGRESS.
This is a libertarian dream if GOP backs you
Then do something about it
You have been saying that for years. #yourdone
That's the reason to undue Obamas executive order...did you run on that #Lyingpolitician
Why is he a senator?  #maga He used to stand for something before something bought him Mitch will not defend you. Real people need u Thom
Right. Obama imposed DACA through exec action, and now it's being undone. Given Congress' current state, they'll get to it next century.
If u Repub RINO'S could be trusted, maybe. But sadly, most of u have a separate agenda
Democrat in republican clothing. Your out next term
We all know that.  That is why DACA should not have been done in the first place.  Now is the time to correct the error somehow.
Trump Train has left the station and you are not on it. Can't wait to vote you out!
Where the hell was you when Obama executive order everything? Y'all can't even repeal and replace health care like you promised.
For once I agree with you. Correct a thousand of your existing Trumpist mistakes and I might consider voting for you. Don't expect you will.
You've had 20 years to fix it. Do something or shut up and get out of the way. This hustle is getting old.
You are right. When congress refuses to act on an issue they are giving that power to the president by default. Very sad.
President Trump should undo the illegal executive order of Obama, then Congress can do their JOB!!
True!  Trump is hurting so many good people and helping Nazi lovers -  GOP stand up for us!
It would be nice if Congress had the backbone to pass legislation.
You must have a staff from the middle of mars to post this after what our party has done in the Senate this year.
And you Politicians been doing what for the last 9 yrs?...Send illegals back like the law says. Stop Sancturary city shit. Deport them...
