I've tried to submit my questions! Has the form been closed already!?!
Thanks for your participation, you may submit a question here: https://www.tillis.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/email-me ….
This sucks. I can't find how to listen
Neither can I. Someone said it requires Adobe. I'm trying to update my phone. Those on are hearing elevator music
I have adobe! Can't hear anything only get a form to submit my name and email.
That's what I'm getting also. I don't hear anything, however others on the thread are on and listening now.
Are there technical issues? I only hear music? Can you post details on the delay?
I don't hear anything. It says Event Live Now at the top, but I can't hear anything.
same here. Have tried multiple times
There should be a play button to the left of "Event Live Now."
Sir, I've tried..I don't have a play button. I can see the Poll and Event Live Now. Is there a direct line#?
. Or at least post a transcript post call on the website! I would not recommend this method in the future.
You have to use a computer and have Adobe flash. I'm in!
Great! I was nowhere near a computer. Hopefully the transcript will be posted on the website!
How do you get on this call?
You'll have to use this link: http://vekeo.buzz/tillis  . You'll only be able to listen, you must submit questions!
ok, thank you.  Never heard of a town hall like this. Usually I sign up for a call and they are interactive.
I certainly hope social media isn't the only method of communication being used to inform #NC #SenatorTillis!
He is a chicken!
I finally got in on a computer. He's talking about one Town Hall near Raleigh. #RepresentAllOfUs
When will you actually have a town hall where WE can face you and ask questions about your policies? Afraid? Not responsible?
Really, dude? What kind of notice was this. You should train people on avoidance tactics, that seems to be all you're good at
This isn't a town hall, it's a recorded speech. We want to see you face to face = conversation. Who do you represent?
You and Senator Burr both are hiding behind the fact that you re-elections are at least 4 years away! .#MAN UP!
Coward!
Why don't you want to face the people who hired you?
you might as well just tweet like 45!!!!  90 minutes notice? Email questions? You should do better for your constituents!
ummm, yeah so hosting a FB town hall in NOT a town hall. Please host a real town hall. Your constituents want to be heard.
can't make time for us face to face. #coward
I stood outside your high point office asking when you would have a face to face. What do I get? Short notice.
I had serious questions but time ran out.  Hopefully next time I'll get some answers
Oooh, well at least by phone it won't be so scary as having to actually face your constituents.  Brave boy.
Which will then be immediately proceeded by face to face town hall meetings, correct!? #NCDeservesBetter! #NCGOP #ThomTillis
It's about time!
looks like a spectacular failure!
And here's some best practices on the transformation effect of tele-townhalls: http://bit.ly/2lEQ82j 
what a horrible cowardly way to represent the people of NC.  Shame on you.
This was announced rather late.
Oh, and thanks for the "advance" notice.
Too afraid to meet constituents in person?
Coward!
Not good enough. We want face to face. Where you can't hang up/disconnect. Where we can't be ignored.
This was NOT a town hall! You need to come face us, your constituents. Stop avoiding us senator!!!
How about meeting with us in person. That way, even people who don't have access to a computer or phone can participate.
weak only taking designated questions
A phone call is not a Town Hall Meeting.
why did the press release go out the same day? Was there another press release?

Coward! How about showing up in person?
so we are out of luck in NC if it's up to this state to govern healthcare 
how is this a Telephone Town Hall when there is no use of a telephone? @maddow @theobserver @nytimes @CNN @washingtonpost
Basically he only wants  opportunity2pick friendly questions&not have2interact w/anyone. Sounds like mission accomplished.
Get your resumé up to date. 2018 is coming. You will be gone.

This fake townhall was a joke. 

2018 2018 2018 2018 2018
technical difficulties prevented most. Perhaps a real, live town hall would be in order
A tele townhall Senator? You are a weak and cowardly man. We deserve a face to face meeting.
LOL
"Telephone town hall" - what a joke! 
. @SenThomTillis too scared to see them face to face? Is Tillis scared $hit1ess?
Answer is "Bok bok bok bok" (egg drop)
Hiding behind a "live TELEPHONE 'town hall'". Listen to me handle all the 'tough questions' I choose.
How about you show some courage and have a town hall instead of hiding behind a telephone.  We are real with real fears.
can't make it in person? Come on, senator. Suck it up
is there a recording to listen to?
Why don't you have the balls to meet people in person?  #triangletownhall and you weren't there #whereistillis
Are you kidding? 90 min notice? Your constituents are desperate for answers about Trump and ACA, this is woefully inadequate
were you too afraid of having an in person town hall???
come out from behind the phone and meet with us
just now seeing this about a phone town hall. Why not broadcast this all week???? That would've been fair
look who is being so brave to speak to his constituents ( ON THE PHONE)
whoa, last minute notice. How do you expect people to participate? Makes me think you didn't want us. Do it again with notice
please schedule real, in person town hall meetings where constituents can interact with you WITHOUT paying an entry fee!
This is the most Chicken Shit thing I have seen this man do. Insurance Industry gave you 70K, they own you. #Resist #NCpol
you should meet your constituents in person.
this isn't a meeting. It's a lecture
Having a tele-klatsch
Four weeks ago
You may mail in questions
Or just talk among yourselves
Whatever
I have the Kochs
#ncpol
You announced this event 90 minutes before it occurred. I'm still at work at 6, so I need time to plan!
I'd say this was a B- for effort, D for execution. Please try again. I'd love the chance to hear you out.
You would have been better off not doing anything. This just shows how much contempt you have for North Carolinias. Coward.
.@SenThomTillis Announced mere 2 hours prior & w technical blocks that prevented many if not all from participating. Not political courage.
repeal The ACA 100% or lose my vote
.@SenThomTillis Hey everone, let's remember this come voting time.
That's NOT a Town Hall.  It's a way to avoid doing the job you are paid good taxpayer money to do.  Repeal & Replace Thom.
thanks for the heads up. Picked up the kids, made dinner, now it's over. 3 hours? Really?
why did the tillis cross the road
It's not live and it's not a Town Hall Meeting. It's a listen only conference call with a few arranged questions.
was this at least free or did you charge people to dial in
I could have had more notice. I'm on your email list but didn't get anything. Would have loved to have joined!
how about you show Liam role model behavior by calling out POTUS's actions???
it would've been nice to know about this far enough in advance to know and schedule the time
telephone town hall. Hahahahahaha......coward.
Tillis the chikd wanted to know what YOU are doing to stand up to Trump’s hate. You didn't answer.
ooops just said who wouldnt want a voucher out of those reduced lunch schools?  Hard to listen to
I, who have gone to the trouble of writing this man by hand, feel very shut out and avoided. Did anyone hear anything?
90 minute notice and prescreened questions are not sufficient!  You need to do better.
90 min notice for "call" requiring signup & ?s submitted in writing is NOT serving your constituents. It is an insult! #Ivote
hypocrite.  Coward.  Face your constituents
you just said  waters of the United States act is the biggest land grab in history?  Protecting our land is a land grab?  NO
how about we get behind @RandPaul and get healthcare freedom back. No excuses, get it done. @SenatorBurr @RepMarkWalker
question when did the federal government become health care experts. Fed Gov job to protest American ppl and foreign trade.
that is not a real town hall. what are you afraid of?  somebody record what he says on the phone!!!!!
coward!
unfortunately this is where we are at as a society. Major problems. #SAD everyone hiding behind keyboards.
BULLSHIT. Why don't you tell the truth for a change you don't care about NC you care about your pocket
Why are you pre-screening the questions?
do you really think 45 cares??? All he cares about is $$$ and his corporate buddies.
I give up. Thanks for nothing. #RepresentUS #RepealAndReplaceCongress
no real answer to question from Chapel Hill.
coward
Is this so you can take planted callers?  Too irresponsible to do a live town hall?  Or 2 afraid to stand behind your record?
nobody wants to talk about the border
You are a coward. Pre-screened calls so that you don't have to answer to your constituents. #Coward.
There is no phone number on your press release to let us listen or ask questions (via *3).  Where do we get the phone number?
To afraid to meet your constituents, prescreening questions...what corporation pulls your strings?
how exactly could we have been on phone and listening to this? Did not see that option!
So brave.
I think this was a sick joke there is NOTHING
hello? Are you still doing this? Rushed home. Please update status.
Afraid to face voters live and in person? “love” it when elected officials control the audience.
all i hear is music
I've tried 5 x's can't get on
while your tele town hall forum is useless I give you the benefit of doubt & submitted question. On hold now 8min. Start this
Logged in just 2 hear elevator music Technology is great though doesn't work as well as facing voters & really showing u care
I can't hear anything. Can't get in.
Where are you @SenThomTillis? Parents say just getting hold music on the site.
how very produced of you!
tried listening in. No conference: last minute conference announcement
Very disappointing. I assume your staff have already crafted all the questions that will be answered. Please visit us in AVL.
You misspelled "PR event."
This is such a joke. Why are you afraid to face the people you work for?
Wow, this is not a conversation. It's an infomercial. I will not be voting for you next election. Do your job.
WEAK!!!
This is NOT a town hall.
What a chicken shit way to communicate with the people who give you great healthcare benefits ..
why not in person?
Scaredy-cat
Senator, that's not a town hall, that's a political presentation. When are you going to actually listen to your constituents?

COWARD!

@SenThomTillis
I prefer to get my fried chicken from Bojangles, not my senator.
@SenThomTillis
Why are you afraid to face your constituents in person? Why are the questions tonight prescreened? #notatownhall
You really are a coward. You won't last long if you have to go to such lengths to avoid your constituents.
goodluck tonight.  Wilmington awaits a face to face!
I submitted questions on your site. Address healthcare cuts for Medicaid recipients and pregnant women tonight. Real answers.
Sir, it is not a conversation if you are fielding questions and give 90 min notice. Hold a real Town Hall. Please.
Shameful.

I think what most are trying to say, Thom, is that you're a coward.
please post your questions here that you submitted. Then we will see how honest he is with answers.
is a coward afraid to face his constituents. Have you any dignity sir? @msnbc @DNC  @JoeNBC @maddow @chrislhayes
wow, Thom...way to man up and meet your constituency face to face.  Can you put a lack of leadership down on your resume?
I have a feeling you'll be receiving a lot of feedback on this charade from NC women tmw. @WomensMarchNC #DayWithoutAWoman
You mean the North Carolinians whose questions you prescreen and select? A tele-townhall is not an open forum.
submit questions to nick_wilkinson@tillis.Senate.gov
nice job giving us 45 minutes notice. 20 of us stood outside your office today in High Point NC.  We will persist
This is an excuse, nobody is fooled by this.
leave a message with a question? So you can answer the ines you choose? Chickenshit.
You claimed you can reach more people via tele town halls and then give less than two hours notice?!?! What a joke. #oneterm
no way i can see to actually call in, or submit questions.  and no advance notice....how is this a town hall again???
Fine to do alternative town halls but you must also do in person town halls too. This is your job.
What a cop out
still afraid to meet with us Thom? Sad!
How do we ask questions?
Im giving you the benefit of the doubt that u will answer REAL questions from us
hahahaha coward
gosh you are so kind. So busy you can't meet with us in person? You are what @POTUS liked to "grab them by." #TermLimits
way to phone it in, Thom
I want u to vote yes on @BernieSanders Affordable and Safe Prescription Drug Importation Act
Cowardly.  Show up and man up- in person.
Hope yours works better than the Isakson sham last week.
what's the charge?
can't blame you for being scared of your constituents. We're very angry at you. #crookedTom
.@SenThomTillis seriously, 2 1/2 hours notice?
.@SenThomTillis actually, 90 minutes, did my math wrong. Sad!
THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE.   WE NEED AN IN PERSON TOWNHALL.
VA reform. Support POTUS. Build the wall!  No illegal spying on US Citizens. Compromise on healthcare.
Meet your constituents face 2 face. You find more ways around it! R u afraid?
So staff gets to pick and choose questions.
We want to see you in person.
I need new healthcare bill to cover pre-existing conditions please.
We have that already. Go for it.
in the new one?
It wouldn't be because you're too chicken to show up and face the music in person, would it? #GOP #BAWKBAWKBAWK
Since many of these have turned into liberal screamfests. I don't blame him one bit.
maybe they deserve to be screamed at! They are not listening
Is that new?
Too scared to show up in person, huh.
Nice 2 hour notice.
