
Great news @SenatorBurr Thank you for your leadership. Millions of Americans look to leadership from you and Congress for the wild #horses.
We want independent investigation into trump/Russia ties. #doyourjob. Do you want to be remembered as someone who helped end democracy?
Stop covering for this treasonous and inept President! Stand up for Americans, not just the few right wing people who voted for this creep!
Why don't you do something about this?
We want independent investigation into trump/Russia ties. #doyourjob.
Stop defending & covering for our treasonous President! Put country before party you coward! The majority of Americans have had enough lies

I don't recall  thousands calling you daily about horses. We demand an independent prosecutor, stop pretending you speak for us till then.
Stand up for America, not Trump and his stupid minority of citizens. You need to grow a pair and do the RIGHT thing.
You know what else is a treasure? A functioning democracy. Do your job and do something about #TrumpRussia
Richard Burr stands with Russia You let us know where your loyalties lie. You will go down in history as our modern day equivalent of a NAZI
Corrine Brown found guilty on 18 counts but Hillary not indicted on even 1 count? Really??
That's because an FBI investigation and EIGHT Republican-led investigations found Hillary didn't break any laws.

McMaster comes across like
Dwayne Johnson as Paul Doyle (based on Carl Weekes, Stevenson Pierre, and Jorge Delgado) in PAIN & GAIN. 
I'm on board with this one. Nice work! Now...how does this make sense with Trump's record on the environment?
#GOPcomplicit #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor
If we are not going to protect our air and water, horses don't stand a chance anyway.
Independent Investigation NOW! #CountryB4Party
Thanks you
Are any of you going to get Trump to shut up?  Seriously, Trumps tweet tantrums are getting rediculicious. No press conferences? Really??
Thank you for protecting them
Good lord, keep quiet about this. Trump might make burgers out of them. He needs another shock event soon. #independentProsecutor
Do you Job!
Don't forget the Carrot Island horses!
Good: I hope someone can do right by animals whose biggest problem is humans.
Are you avoiding a special prosecutor because you are tainted by #TrumpRussia? The raid in Annapolis makes me think #GOP #RNC = Complicit
Truth and justice are national treasures. Protect them by agreeing to a #SpecialProsecutor especially after #Trump threatened #Comey today.
special investigation now. did you read Trump's twitters this morning.  it is getting worse.  do something.  he is destroying our democracy.
You lost my vote!!!
Republicans must stop nation's bleeding from POTUS. If not the 2018 elections will be a disaster for us. Mistakes aside Comey has integrity
Senator Burr you are a respected individual. You must put country before party
Good! I'm glad you are doing something to protect wildlife and the environment. I would like to see you support more similar causes.
I'm now 64.5 years old, and I remember my Daddy taking us down to see the ponies do the swim.
Trump admitted he fired Come over investigation. Will you please do your damn job and help protect American democracy?
Trump has a private meeting with the Russian Ambassador in the Oval Office and only lets Russian reporters in!
Stand up for our Democracy which Trump is ruining!!! Special Prosecutor needed now!!!
I think I'm right about the bots on your other tweet. Bots don't care about horses. I do though. Also care about America. #SpecialProsecutor
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Thank you! Love our NC OB horses.

Did #POTUSTrump ask for your loyalty? Comey refused. Did you?

#IndependentInvestigation
Alveo
Wait, what? Salt water horses are on your agenda? Really?
Yes, protect those Corolla wild horses. But if u continue to protect sleaze ball Donald Trump, you may go down w him. #SpecialProsecutorNow
You're a ridiculous fool...
Trump is going to ruin your party, do the right thing! And stop colluding with the AG!
so is democracy, #SpecialProsecutorNow
thank you!
Proud that some common sense on an independent investigation is actually coming out of NC! Our state needs this sir! You will be a legend
That would be nice for the horses BUT... as we all know... the GOP will crucify Burr as a RINO & shun him like they do McCain. It's useless.
Any action forward is better than inaction/denial at this point. Trump will be his on undoing given time. Look at trainwreck in just 120days
I like both horses and the Constitution. Let's prioritize and focus on upholding the Constitution for now. Thanks.
That is good to hear
Whose side are you on senator?!?!
Isn't this something you guys should be asking the General Assembly to do? Not the feds' job
We need aid for the damage caused by the hurricane!
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
That's great; however, you should also help all the people in NC needing help to recover from #HurricaneMatthew
wow I luv Toyota
Like the wildlife in Alaska, home of the cruelest laws in the country, which you voted for?
Children and elderly without health care are more of a treasure. Will you cover them & #PreexistingConditions with #TrumpCare? #Obamacare
That's great. Love horses. Love the Outer Banks. Also, love America. Could you please #doyourjob #specialprosecutor #RussianTies #Emoluments
How about working with Senate R's and D's to impeach the Russian idiot who calls himself President?
Nice! That's fantastic as with all the insanity it is great to hear of something positive! Please stay strong & honest.
Thank you!
Great, healthcare?

http://8harps.com 
Thanks @SenatorBurr ! These horses are a great childhood memory of mine and many others I know. Keep them safe and happy.
How about starting impeachment for obstruction of justice first?
Wild horses are great.  You know what even better, a independent investigation of a treasonous president!  Can we get on with it already?
We need a special prosecutor will Republicans will pay at the ballot box
