"that include simplifying the tax code, cutting rates, producing economic growth, & screwing the middle class and poor." I fixed it for you.
Actually, no. This plan screws the rich by eliminating deductions for state & local taxes. Rich will pay more in taxes under POTUS plan.
You're wrong. Here's a recent article from the TPC. Note the section titled, "Highly Regressive". You're welcome.
Sorry, but I am correct. Especially for those in high taxed states, i.e., NY,CA,NJ,IL. No more deduction for that-it will kill them.
I'd like to hear the source for your claims please.
You can cite liberal articles all day long. My argument is based on logical reasoning. Elimination of a huge deduction=paying more taxes.
Please, cite the sources that told you the wealthy would suffer. Do you know what AMT is & what it's elimination would do? Or estate tax?
...illegals for breaking federal laws yet Americans that break federal laws are prosecuted? Americans spoke in 2016. WE DO NOT WANT AMNESTY!
Pleases tell us your clear and concise position on DACA?

I'll wait for the stall, then the lie.

8harps .com
Stop DACA u fraud
Good, then pass tax reform ASAP. Before you worry about illegals.
Thom , do not reform DACA , this only shows you are for amnesty! Rino!
No tax deals without border wall funding.
I'm watching you Senator. New resident to your state and I vote and stay informed. Hopefully y'all can get something done. #maga
Impeach Trump now!
@SenatorBurr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP NO TAX CUTS for the wealthy. Wagner's Law: https://www.nytimes.com/newsletters/2017/09/07/opinion-today?nlid=71203286 …
Do you applaud the removal of the White House sexual assault report? http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59a6c322e4b084581a14ab59/amp?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …
...immigration! Why aren't American citizen children considered dreamers? They have hopes and dreams too. Y do u a-holes always reward...
We need to stop illegal immigration .
Stop sanctuary cities 
We need jobs  people who are here legal 
citizen needs their job back.
NO DACA
Why are single households not head of house? If i am the only person in the house who else would it be? Unfair
I have been saying this for years. Keep talking
Many of us would like a Town Hall. Why are you avoiding us? Smells like fear.
If you applaud @POTUS for this why did you pass a bill to make it impossible 4 Trump 2 get rid of Mueller? You will lose your next election
Devil is always in the details, Senator.
Thom- how about u do ONE THING for the people of NC instead of backing fake Russia story and helping illegals? #MAGA
still no specifics though
You are also pushing amnesty. No wonder Congress job approval at 8%.
Details. Then I'll understand the pitch.
Take your fake conservative Dream Act Amnesty BS and shove it! #VoteTillisOut
Complicit. Applauding an idiot.
Trumppuppet, nobody trusts the GOP to do equitable tax reform. Forget about it, you lie about everything.
END DACA CARE MORE ABOUT AMERICANS THAN ILLEGALS
Eh, you'll end up backpedaling if your donors force you to.
Oh.. So more money for companies like Chemours that is polluting NC drinking water with PFASs at >6,000 ppt https://files.nc.gov/ncdeq/GenX/NC%20DEQ%20Report_4_Nontargeted.pdf …
Now get it done!
Ashamed that Tillis is my NC Senator
with your head up there that far can you tell me what he had for lunch?


No tax cuts for the rich.  We are watching.
Trickle-down economics has failed over and over.
It works a hell of a lot better than socialism .  Capitalism has always worked
Thanks for summary of trump's tax speech. Now how exactly does 'trickle-down' economics work? Is that based on the laffer curve again?
Tell the f.b.i. that we still want Hillary locked up
Go to work- talking about tax reform does nothing for us
I can't keep up with you.. One day you're against @POTUS & the next day you praise him!

#bipolar or just a hypocrite?
Skippy,  you should focus on the people of North Carolina and stop regurgitating the party line.
How is that bipartisanship working for you?  Turned your back on Conservatives that elected you.
Seems like another go round of trickle down economics. Hasn't worked yet.
Wow, what a shock!  You and Richard are an embarrassment to NC.  Self-serving, solipsistic, self-righteous sociopaths.
It's about time u said something good about him
Hold your applause until trump comes clean on his own taxes... congress is doing the heavy lifting and most don't think you'll do anything
Rachel Maddow showed you @POTUS has paid way more taxes then Clinton's and Obama's.
When are your town halls! I want to be able to ask real questions
Thank you Senator for supporting @POTUS
I do too, but no tax cut will make up for the 1600/no mandatory health insurance. We NEED reform!
Now if you could possibly get those Rinos onboard, Ryan,Flake,Graham,Songbird and any others who have voted against Trumps agenda
Yes!
That is what I like to hear!
Support @realDonaldTrump 
#TaxReform now
If you applaud it, you clearly did not listen. It was nothing but semi-coherent blathering. It's clear he has no plan. Serve NC, NOT Trump!
I'm for the Fair Tax. I think it would be the most beneficial for the most people, including the poorest among us.
Thank You.  I do too!!!
I am so ready.to fix this it would be nice to see a flat tax across the bord.but anything is better then what  we have.
I do too. The Democrats already vowed to stop it and I am sure the usual Rino Republicans Gram, McCaine, Ryan ext will try to stop it
ugh please don't applaud him @SenThomTillis 
All Trump knows to push is money. No empathy or compassion or patriotism.  What about racism and Arpaio? Come on Tillis.
More heartless @gop cant from @realDonaldTrump apparatchik. While Tarheels still struggle from #HurricaneMatthew @SenThomTillis sez See Ya!
You lie to your constituents, resign. You'll be gone in 2020.
Looking for you financial disclosure statements. Answer your email with something other than useless form letters.
Trumppuppet, you belong in prison, not the Senate. Answer the question: is healthcare a Human Right?
Another trickle-down lie that only the super-rich and people dumb enough to vote R will believe helps them. The super-rich will be right.
How the Democratic welfare state working? Socialism ALWAYS fails
Trickle down is a scam, and you are just another greedy politician.
You want to simplify eliminate taxes on first 50000 in earnings no taxes then you progressively increase as people's income go up
Cutting rates for your rich racist pals
I'll  you when you jump the fence and condemn his actions - yet you won't, because both of you will benefit from these tax cuts. I won't.
And please don't applaud him. He's destroying our democracy.
Let's hope the congress aren't dead beats AGAIN
GOP "tax reform" = tax cuts for the wealthy.
it's apparent trump never had any economics courses that he passed or someone else completed the work for him.he has no concept of taxation.
lowering corporate tax rates only benefit the stockholders who will receive higher dividends. trump needs to be fired.  #impeachtrump
What SPECIFICALLY are you applauding. Because there are no specifics. So it seems shortsighted to applaud nothing.
Thank you Senator for publicly supporting our President. #TaxReform
Renee get your head out of sand trump is racist liar
Tax Reform is not helping me buy affordable health care #RepealObamacareNow  #FullRepeal #YouPromised
Town hall meeting would be awesome..Do the rich get richer? Details, specifics. #BoughtandPaidFor #RebPockets #HealthcareVote #SelfServing
And do you make >600,000 a year and get the tax break?
and funding a wall instead of disaster relief. Where is your heart on this?
Harvey will be well funded border security is a separate issue
Bs. Cutting taxes for rich, tax code to help him.
Simple is good - I don't understand much else. Still getting my EITC?#maga
Applauding a president under federal counter-intelligence investigation is not wise Senator. Do tread carefully in regards to the Potus.
We'll see who benefits when all is said and done.  Will you stand before your constituents regardless of the outcome?
@SenThomTillis  Your constituents have woke to your complicity. How much longer?
does it do anything for the family of 4 making < $40,000/year?  I doubt it...it helps the 1% as usual.
Thank you sir for supporting our president and tax cuts.
When is your town hall to explain to us how this will be positive?
Yes please tell us when the town hall is, this time true Patriots will put an end to the left trying Alinsky tactics. #DoneWithBS #MAGA
Trickle down economics has never worked. Why not try again? Stupid!
Translation: I don't know the details or the impact, but I'll be voting for it
Sorry, Senator Tillis, trickle-down economics is a myth. Making rich people richer will not solve any of our problems.
Incorrect job creation drives the economy unless @BarackObama  welfare state
Pease push for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns in conjunction with any tax reform proposals
When Obama releases his college transcripts, we can then talk about Trump's tax returns.
For the many, not the few!
Are you on drugs?
What are the details?
Do you really mean it or is your response good because you see what voters will do (Jeff Flake) there is only one Trump Train
Tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations do not help the poor or most Americans. Stop applauding/supporting policies that don't work.
I've only been employed by the wealthy & corporations.
I guess you have been employed by the folks living on welfare.
Good luck with that!
Proof.....proof...proof.  Talk is cheap...just how does this happen?  Another Trump bag of hot air.
Now do something for a change!
Informed citizens know your rate cutting is not helpful to middle. Don't increase inequality by favoring high income w lower rates
..and the corrupt pro-globalist politicians say what?
Senator Seesaw is back to bootlicking. Did President Stroganoff promise you a nice dacha on Baku?
You can do this, but dont call yourself a fiscal conservative. GOP plan will balloon deficit. Keynesian spending always stimulates economy.
Is that all ur going to do is applaud or r u going to support his agend I made more $ n 6 Mns  @POTUS  than I did w/Obama n 8yrs he cost me$
Dear Thom,  the greatest growth of middle class took place in the 50s 60s 70s tax rate for rich was 70%. Rich remained rich. Simple fact
When did tax breaks for the rich ever spur economic growth?
....but I'll never release my tax returns, even though I said I would. I'm a POS.
I agree with the first, but there's no evidence the second produces the third. Just ask Kansas how well it worked there.
I am so disappointed in your continued complicity.
Cutting taxes for wealthy, not going to help disadvantaged folks to get the training needed to grow their income in an evolving economy.
What is wrong with you, Thom? You do not represent me.
@DallasWoodhouse @POTUS Again??? Remember Reagan-how did that help other than leaving a huge deficit? #GOPLies

Make it happen remember you all have control Sick of the not bucking up and getting what we want done through POTUS.
You mean, like every @POTUS that has come before him?  Did you applaud @BarackObama when he proposed the same thing?  Methinks niet.
He has said nothing new. Same song on repeat. Need details.
Go to the 51 rule in the Senate. You were elected to produce results.  PRODUCE!
I'm sure it was all his idea and I'm sure he spoke eloquently about it. He can't even compose a 140 character tweet that makes sense.
Do you people have a Moral Compass at all its still people stranded and looking at dear in the face in Texas. Who cares about Tax cuts
I would like to see how his proposals benefit him. Hmm... how could I know this. #ReleaseYourTaxReturns
How can you applaud when he has laid out NO details to the plan. He attacked a Senator and has yet to mention those in Texas!
How about being transparent and showing us all what u think will help?no to billionaires yes to those who work for them
Give tax breaks to the everyday person not billionaires
What evidence can you provide that shows tax cuts produce economic growth? The Kansas experiment seems to show exactly the opposite?
Oh great a tax plan to help the richest and hurt the poorest. To de-fund schools, to remove the safety net. #trumptaxplan like @POTUS sucks
Can either of you articulate how working class families will benefit? Cite your sources please.
Principals and policy are lacking, hold the applause.
@SenThomTillis you stand alone
So TAX BREAKS FOR THE WEALTHY??? Man @GOP is pushing so hard for this one. Definitely not the party of the working class. #TaxReform
This is no time for jokes senator
If we approve of tax reform will you impeach @realDonaldTrump ? I'm screwed either way but I'd rather it not by tiny Trump hands
How can you applaud a racist?
You'll vote against it and take democrat money again #voteouttillis
Disappointed.

Hope that you consider the people who elected you and not just businesses and multi-millionaires!
You lost my vote long ago when you sent that institutional, insulting & demeaming response 2 my objection of B DeVos.
Where are the details? Pls hold a Town Hall Mtg
He only does the on line Halls. You know the ones where he only answers the ore approved questions!
Every letter I've written him - if responded to is a canned email.
At least @SenatorBurr responds by mail.
What do you think about a complete overhaul? Eliminating special interest influence? Eliminate tax returns? #FAIRtax
Except that, peeps who make less than 200K pay more taxes than they did before.
Maybe it would be a good idea to cut spending too; don't you think?
Why wouldn't you support a Nazi. To get reelected you would lay down with anybody u creep. Tax reform is for the 1%
Making those of us who aren't rich enough to play in your sand box pay YOUR taxes is morally bankrupt. And Trump thinks it's funny!
Lowering tax rates doesn't produce more economic growth & corporations keep tax cut money for themselves as profit instead of creating jobs.
Agree. Publicly traded Co.s profit twice: 1 from inferred profits from tax cut. 2 from the increase in stock price/sales due to +profits.
And who gains the most, and who gains nothing.
There are no details. What exactly are you applauding? Change for change's sake?
Since y'all hate the rich don't go buy any #lottery tickets in hope of becoming what u hate 
You mean the poor man's tax? Nope. No worries there.
Show the details, Senator.
oh my Thom! he didn't give specifics and you are applauding this.  We most def need a town hall and don't underestimate your voters.  when?
Applaud. Lol
U should never applaud potus
u effing Trump groupie I will work tirelessly to get u VOTED OUT U HEAR US
he gave absolutely no actual information on the tax plan. But keep perpetuating the false narrative that he's doing something
Sen Tillis, You Voted For the GOP Health Plan that Would Have Given the Rich a Huge Tax Break, While Removing Health Insurance From Millions
So uninformed!!  Please do your homework! Don't just listen to catch phrases of politicians. Thanks!
Woo Hoo!  Keywords!  So deserving of applause!
HOW ABOUT SOME DETAILS, A REAL PLAN, INSTEAD OF BS!! IT'S AN EGO RALLY AND YOU'RE APPLAUDING HIM!!!
Houston is still drowning and you want to push trickle-down economics now?
Economics important too. You want your family's future to suck?
Economic policy that has failed countless times is quite a ways down on the priority list.
Really? You applaud our President? smh
I'll applaud him when he's either impeached or in shackles and an orange jumpsuit - he'll have the biggest attendance then.
Shut up. You have no interest in helping him just helping to investigate him and he knows it!
Stop applauding the corrupt man in the White House.
Really Thom? Let’s see if this gets thru Congress like all his other legislation. Keep aligning yourself with Donny boy.  #EpicFail
