Are you going to push 4 more gun safety laws since you took $4,418,012 from the NRA?  It appears that money is more important than the lives of those kids. NO more semi automatic AR15’s. I don’t know how you sleep at night. The NRA is blood money. So you have blood on your hands.
You've shown you have a backbone. Keep up the good work!
NO on Devos. Let reason rule your conscience, not money.
Stand up to fascists. Our grandfathers died protecting this country. All you have to do is say "no"
Thank you. The people who have helped us deserve better than this.
That's so fucking insulting. My god. The ongoing lesson of the past few decades of American politics is that
you can count on even the "good ones" of the Republican party to be less than useless
Good luck with Mattis.  He looked like window dressing when T signed the order; but, I do appreciate your attempt.
Thank you . Stand for the people and we will stand by you. #notpoliticsasusual #StandUpToTrump #StopSessions #StopDeVos
Thank you for being in front on this issue.  I am also concerned about Devos and respectfully ask you to vote no.
@TomThillis Please vote NO! On the confirmation of @BetsyDeVos I work for #LAUSD and she has no experience.
Unaffliated, but respect you for this letter. I hope you continue to cross the aisle considering the state of the union.
you can't make everyone happy, but just grateful you are trying to find rationale middle ground in such a divisive time!
Thank you for doing this @SenThomTillis
I joined Senators Shaheen & McCaskill to send a letter to SecDef Mattis following POTUS' immigration exec order. http://bit.ly/2knddVL  
I worked for a refugee resettlement agency. SIV program is essential.Thanks for using common sense and decency on this issue.
A genuine thank you, from your sarcastic and critical alter-ego.
When are you having a town hall meeting?  Please tweet date,time,place!
it will only take a few of you Republicans to say NO to Sessions  and Devos !! His picks are dangerous.Have him try again !!
you might just forget that.
thank you Senator
thank you for speaking up on this mind-boggling  #TrumpBan
Now that you sent a letter. Don't vote for the Devos as leader of Education. It will be bad for NC children.
#posturing
thank you, thank you, thank you!! Your voters are grateful!
a step in the right direction.  Thank you for being responsive and engaging in the conversation
Don't put your stamp of approval on DeVos & Sessions #SwampCabinet They are not the best people the GOP can find, are they?
THANK YOU - Pls vote no - DeVos & Sessions. Your job as our representative is to hold Trump to his no #SwampCabinet promise
You suck. Where was outrage over Obamas 6 mo delay in bringing Iraqi refugees? Rescreened 58,000 and 25,000 already approved
You must stand up to Trump if you want credibility. 'Tis a wee little baby step, but I'll take it. Thank you!
NC - Keep going @SenThomTillis. Logic applies all Muslim countries. US alliances, support for troops. EO=nat'l security disaster. Block it!
Thank you for expressing your concerns re the #immigrationban Now #StopDeVos #StopSessions #StopPruitt #StopPrice
Disgraceful disregard for the will of the people. #KeepAmericaSafe
I appreciate your efforts to move this in the right direction. The EO is immoral and works counter to our defense interests.
it is not enough to just lift ban for Iraqi military helpers What about families fleeing Syria? Refugees from other places?
Nice job Senator
This is a good start. Please vote against Sessions and Devos. They are both dangerous picks for the American People.
thank you for taking a stand and reaching across the aisle rather than playing partisan politics. I hope to see more of this!
Thank you for you work on these important issues.
, this is a start thank you.
A tiny little nudge back rather than a true push, but better than @SenatorBurr I suppose. Please #DumpDevos as well.
Devos is connected to Blackwater. We see where you are trying to take us. Have you no shame? Your seat in hell is assured.
Thank YOU Senator Tillis for standing up for human rights and American principles!!
thank you for standing up to this executive order. I hope you will continue to be a check on Trump if he oversteps bounds
Thanks for this step in a bipartisan direction! Much appreciated sir!
Thank you for being a voice of reason and supporting green card holders and our Iraqi allies.
Thank you, but I urge you to do more. The ban is immoral and unethical
I didn't vote for you t to go endanger my family just to be politically correct
Thank you for doing this. Need you to keep putting pressure on the White House so that we stay a free democratic republic!
@TyChandler_News wow. Thank you.
.@SenThomTillis You've spoken out on the travel ban. Will you vote no on Sessions tomorrow? Or refuse to approve until WH changes policy?
Senator, thank you for this bipartisan, humane request to protect those helping our military & intelligence field agents.
wow your growing a small piece of spine it's a start now resist more please
Thank you for being brave enough to send this. Now stand up and vote NO on Sessions!
You have to stand up to Trump! Stop enabling the psychopath! #ImpeachTrump
Thank you for voicing an objection to Trump's executive action. I appreciate your willingness to stand up and be counted.
A solid step in the right direction - thank you, Senator.
Thank you from Johnston County.  This is a good start.  We're better than this.
thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
thank you for this. Pls defend our constitution and take a stand against the entire executive order and alternative facts.
thank you for your statement. We will never move forward as a country unless we learned to work together again.
thank you thank you thank!!! We really need the congress to stand up for the sake of our country!
now I am hoping you will reject the nomination for Jeff sessions and Betsy Devos. Because neither are good for our country
I read the many many pleads but fell short on deft ears.
thank you so much Sen Tillis!! Thank you for standing up for what is right!!! Thank you from Greensboro,North Carolina !!
North Carolina majority voters hope its to pull your immigration amnesty bill
Thank you for standing with refugees & immigrants! Trump is embarrassing America & ruining lives of thousands of need people
Thank you!
Have you read your Twitter comments?  It appears your constituency wants you to take a stroner stand against #muslimban
a narrower response than I'd hope for, but grateful you did something.
I pray you truly represent the people, their beliefs and needs unlike your colleague @SenatorBurr  as he demo in Ed Comm.
Thank you for reaching across the aisle and speaking out on this important issue.
Thank you! Please continue to cross party lines and work to defend the rights of Americans and those who call American home
Thank you for working across the aisle on this important issue. NC voters commend your efforts.
Thank you for this
An excellent start. Thank you. Hoping you will take a stronger stand on the EO; in its current form, it endangers us all.
from one of your constituents, I say thank you!
you should be embarrassed for posting this. The eo stated that they would review all cases and make special concessions
thanks for moving on this. It's becoming clear that a lot of issue is with Steve Bannon. Time to call for his resignation
Good for a Republican to stand up to Trump's unreasonable policies. Wish you were willing to do more for Greencard holders
Because this is only part of the immigration plan you put forth. It is little different from those posed by the Democrats.
Mr Tillis you need to listen to the People - we are in favor of the temporary ban and without reservation you should be too.
I've have been unimpressed with you so far, but this is the last straw. You have lost my vote & support.
not enough sir! #NoBanNoWall
Yes, and in addition, let's not support ISIS by showing we agree with their clash of civilizations rhetoric...
Thank you Thom! I'm originally from MO and happy to see you pairing with Claire!
thank you. Please oppose the EO and defend all of NC, inc green card holders. Registered NC independent here.
As one of your constituents I am appalled at your narrow focus and premature critique on matter of grave national interest.
Senador, we didn't elected you to be joining forces with the democrats, but to be completely supportive of conservatives.
Welcome to Democracy, Daria. This is how it should work. BTW, did you bother to read the letter?
Thank you
A good start. Thank you.
This is a start and thank you, but you need to do more to oppose ban & harmful Trump agenda. NC expects better & we vote.
Thank you @SenThomTillis for signing off on this.
Like others have said, this is a step in the right direction.
Thank you for writing, but a direct letter to POTUS is called for. You would be wise to not tie-off to a sinking ship
Thank you, for this! Much more to do. Stand up for an America that doesn't discriminate based on religion. Constitution
and I find him appointing Bannon to the NSC is completely out if line and needs to be questioned
well it's a start Tom I agree with but why are country that Trump had interest in not on the list even though the are strong.
wow, thank you!!!! This is a step in the right direction!
this is a step in the right direction. But just a small step. We need to allow already-vetted Syrian war victims in.
Thank you for this, Senator.
Thank you! Don't confirm Jeff Sessions. He will allow anything Trump puts through. It's scary! Don't make congress irrelevant
Thank you, Senator. I hope that you make similar requests to other agencies, and not just the military. Lives are at stake.
Good.
thank you! This is a step in the right direction.
This is a start. Thanks for that. But look into actual numbers/cases of those being held & stats on terrorist acts here from countries named
I think that's already been addressed, hasn't it ?
definitely a step in the right direction, but this is a softball issue.  Of course you can get behind Iraqis helping military
seems you need reminding who butters your bread Senator & it's not these NC leftists you seem so eager to please.
Thank you for pushing back on this.  The ban will not make us safer.
a good start, but you are nitpicking. The issue is larger than this. Go back & do better. #NoMuslimBan
thank you for this.
Thank you.  Now recuse yourself on DeVos and you, sir, might actually be a Senator.
Thank you Senator
Thank you! https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/jihadist-groups-hail-trumps-travel-ban-as-a-victory/2017/01/29/50908986-e66d-11e6-b82f-687d6e6a3e7c_story.html?utm_term=.152bfc8ef72f … Now come out against the $15Billion wall #NoBanNoWall
THANK YOU SENATOR.
Thank you!
