Your constituents want you to take a stand AGAINST the #NuclearOption.  If the senate can't confirm, change the candidate, not the rules.
And hold off on it all until we have a @potus who's not under investigation
He's not. Lie by Obama to cover his illegal actions
Other issues and now plagiarism? You like plagiarists? Your constituents here in NC don't. Aren't you supposed to be working for us?
Mainstream? Judge Gorsuch is not the right man 4 scotus! I urge both @SenateGOP & @SenateDems 2 NOT allow this vote! #GorsuchIsWrong4USA
Ayes we can't have a man that follows the Constitution. That would be just awful.
Which qualifications are you using to justify this statement?
I hope this comes to bite you, and all your cronies in the buttocks!
As was Judge Garland, sir.
Do whatever you have to to get gorsuch in. End this rediculous leftist  tantrum. Done ith their crap.
Merrick Garland was a supremely qualified and mainstream nominee and the GOP should have at least given him a hearing. Fixed it for you
So was Judge Garland but you refused to give him a hearing let alone hold a vote...
We remember Merrick Garland. I'm a constituent, and I won't forget your hypocrisy when reelection comes. Is this the legacy you want?
Then let the rules work as is. If not enough votes, problem with candidate not rules. Would be unethical. I voted for you & am disabled vet
YOU LIE.
I think we should rename the "nuclear option", the "Harry Reid" option in his honor.
, constituent here. You could have said the same thing about Merrick Garland. But you didn't. You have no place to lecture.
He is!  We in NC ask you to fight harder against the democrats. We've had enough !!!
Judge Garland is a supremely qualified and mainstream nominee and I urge Sen Tillis to allow an up-or-down vote on his confirmation.
Live with the consequences.
Merrick Garland was a stolen SCOTUS seat.  How can you even ask for a vote on a Trump, under FBI investigation, nominee?
Am disabled veteran & strong believer in following rules not having them bent for my or anyone else purpose. I voted 4 U. Follow Rules
@FFRF @ACLU_NC  NO he's an ultra conservative right wing Christian who has let his FAKE religion affect his decisions.
Sorry senator. A constituent here. No vote until we know more about Russia.
I live in wake forest.  You are emboldened by your 6 year term and think we will forget.  We won't.
#kickhimout
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland. This #ncvoter will remember your #hypocrisy at #reelection time.
Oh, just like you did with Garland? Uh huh... This constituent demands you drop the hypocrisy, you are an embarrassment.
When are you up for reelection need to mark the calendar  An outgoing President needs to waste their time on this... remember Obama ?
He's up in 2020. His first and hopefully only term as US Senator will end in January 2021.
I will be working hard against Tillis no matter how much money ALEC and the Koch bros throw at our state. #kickhimout
U sure bout this? Nuclear option will come up w/ future justices. When dem is president they will nominate someone far left. #nuclearoption
Go nuke. No excuses.
As soon as you treat Merrick Garland with the same respect. The GOP  already used the nuclear option last year
I don't think we should vote on this while the White House is under criminal investigation.
after he testify about the plagiarism issues. What happened to working across the isle Tillis? #NoVote
But why not Garland? #doublestandard
You should have thought of that with Mr. Garland.
Did you allow an up or down vote last year?  What was so special then?  Integrity often equals consistency.
And now you've turned the phones off at your D.C. Office?
Just using @SenateGOP @SenMajLeader reasoning for not even meeting with Garland #TrumpRussia #Gorsuchfilibuster #Resist45 #notogorsuch
Not mainstream! Where was your outrage over Garland? No to Gorsuch and no to Nuclear option! #hypocrisy #GorsuchPlagiarism #Trumprussia
Is this what you believe or is this what your party believes?
Answer me this. If you need 60 votes to confirm and you only have 56 then why is it the democrats fault. Because they disagree with you.
Trump's candidate deserves no more respect and consideration than gave President Obama. NONE !
Why think he's the one 45 nominee not complicit/corrupt/wanting to deconstruct govt? Halt 45 agenda til after #investigation.
how many times can i say NO.
Hard to listen to a senator who's been bought by the administration.  Hopefully you lose in the next election.  #holdthefloor
Dems urged Repubs to have an up or down vote on Garland too. Remember that what goes around comes around when you go nuclear.
So was Judge Garland and the many, many lower court judges that YOUR side blocked during the Obama Administration. Hypocrite!
I am your constituent and disagree. "Mainstream" is incorrect. Vote "no" on Gorsuch. #notmyscj
Vote DOWN!
how do you know if Gorsuch is qualified after he refused to answer questions at his hearing? #RubberStamp #StolenSeat
We will remember, Senator. And we will remove you from office.
There are no words to express how much I despise you.
Up or down vote, hmmm, let's see....just like the Senate gave to Merrick Garland?
A mainstream nominee would be able ti win a super majority. I'm one of your constituents. Please don't change the rules; change the nominee.
Your POTUS is under FBI investigation for collusion with Russia, so let's cool our jets on Gorsuch
Garland is neither mainstream nor legitimate.
News flash: you work for the people and we don't want him. If you can't get the votes get a new nominee. Garland comes to mind.
Time for a Town Hall Thom. 
See you in NC in April.
I concur.
He is more qualified to be Scotus than you to be Senator. Yet...
Tune into @SenJeffMerkley right now in his effort to #holdthefloor and note that he is speaking about how Gorsuch is NOT mainstream.
I urge you to forget the nuclear option and remember Garland. Wouldn't even give him a hearing. Hypocrites
No confirmation and no nuclear option.
He ruled against a child with #Autism getting a quality education? No Thank You!
Mainstream? Who do you think you're kidding?
No sitting president under investigation should b able to nominate a Supreme Court judge.Oh and the Merrick Garland thing. Shame on you all!
Reach across that aisle Senator, see if you can make it happen
I'm not opposed to Gorsuch. But I wasn't opposed to Garland either. R's were wrong to block Garland, the choice of a 2 term President.
Please explain to me, your constituent in Henderson County, why Garland wasn't voted on. (I didn't like Garland; this is about procedure)
@SenThomTillis is up for reelection in 2018 if he's not too afraid of the prospect of being a one term sen. Lots of bad votes to answer for
Qualified like Devos?  Or just another bribe in your pocket?
Aren't you the same Senator who voted that uneducated, incompetent and completely unqualified Devos in? You lost my support then.
Senator, what qualifies Gorsuch?
dumbfounded that you'd post this on all SM channels, as if you're PROUD of #Garland stalemate? No SCOTUS nom til #trumpRussia
how about an up or down vote on Merrick Garland first?
Judge Garland is a supremely qualified and mainstream nominee and I urge Senate Republicans to allow an up-or-down vote on his confirmation.
He is not a mainstream judge and anyone who followed the confirmation hearings knows that. Your LIES will catch up to you!
Wa wa wa DO IT GO NUKE COWARD
PLEASE PUT THE KOOL AID DOWN!  Say no to going "nuclear".  LISTEN TO CONSTITUENTS!  We the People!
like your republican peers did with Garland?  Oh, yeah, that.
Does #MerrickGarland ring a bell? Did he not deserve the same respect?
I will remember your spirit of bipartisan cooperation come election time.
legacy: hypocrite
MERRICK GARLAND is a supremely qualified and mainstream nominee and YOUR PARTY DID NOT ALLOW A HEARING on his confirmation
As a NC resident, I would like to know how you voted for Merrick Garland....Wait! You didn't tell your R Senators to give him a vote? Sham
So was #MerrickGarland, .@SenThomTillis.  You Repubs certainly have your fair share of dirty tricks.
.  White men patting each other on the back. How refreshing.
I called your office weekly urging you to do the same for Judge Garland. 2 wrongs make do mean you're RIGHT
regretful that you denied Garland the same treatment.
Two words:  Merrick Garland.
Where was this bravado when you should have done your job after Scalia died?  God you're worse than the cowardly lion.
This couldn't be further from the truth and you know it!
By definition an originalist cannot be mainstream. Issuing judgements based on writings from >200 years ago is most certainly not mainstream
Merrick Garland was supremely qualified and deserved an up or down vote.  You should not judge others since you were complicit in the past
Too bad you didn't urge the same for Garland. #hypocrisy
Vote no
I'm sorry, was Garland even a hearing?  I urge you to have a town hall with your constituents- Raleigh citizen
As my senator, I do not support you @SenThomTillis voting for him.
As was Merrick Garland so why did R's stand in the way of his nomination ?
Trump should not get to nominate anyone while he is under investigation! Everything about his presidency is corrupt. Why do you support him?
Exactly. His presidency is potentially illegitimate. No SCOTUS until/unless the election interference issues are satisfactorily resolved.
Nope. You guys refused to even MEET with Merrick Garland, who was also supremely qualified. This is not on the democrats; it's on you. #fail
Thank you Senator Tillis!
And no matter what U do @SenateGOP do NOT allow @SenMajLeader 2 make the BIGGEST MISTAKE in US Senate history! U know it's the wrong thing!!
Blah blah blah 
Constituent here. Merrick Garland was qualified and @SenateGOP including you filibustered him for almost a year. You're a hypocrite. Resign.
Mainstream? Then Y not answer simple questions? Y put a business B4 a person? If HobbyLobby is mainstream U and most Americans disagree!!!
Senator, your hypocrisy appalls me.  You should have come out and said the same for Garland. He, too, was deserving of an up or down vote.
So is Merrick Garland. I urge you to look in the mirror.
I was just thinking the same thing. Only about Merrick Garland.
Mainstream? Senator, Jusge Gorsuch is many things, but mainstream is far from what he is! As an American I urge all @SenateDems 2 NOT vote!
Merrill Garland
Amen
Gorsuch is not supremely qualified. Vote No on Gorsuch.
Did you really call THIS theater after what the Republicans did last year?
Could have said the same thing about Merrick Garland
I do not want you as my senator to vote for him.
Merrick Garland was too. Oh and Gorsuch can't answer a qs, wants to role back women's rights, and will vote in interest of big businesses
.@SenThomTillis how do you justify denying an up-or-down vote to Garland? Will you commit to denying @POTUS nominees throughout 2020?
.@SenThomTillis @POTUS I’ll take your lack of response as having no answer for this blatant hypocrisy. 
You could not sound more hypocritical. Seriously. If the hypocrisy is intentional, bravo Senator. Bravo.
Two words: Merrick Garland. You are going to be replaced by the very people you are screwing over. Just remember that.
It's criminal for him to get appointed before Garland. #StolenSeat
I agree, but as your constituent I think it's a mistake to go nuclear. They are angry for good reason and what goes around comes around
Stolen Supreme Court seat. And where was your voice a year ago ... oh Yeah I forgot It was President Obama. This is all on the Republicans.
What about Merrick Garland?
Yeah "Thom," what about Merrick Garland? You didn't give him the consideration warranted. And a "Facebook Town Hall"? You afraid to face us?
Gorsuch is not mainstream based upon his judicial decisions and based on statements in his book re assisted suicide.
After you hold a hearing for #MerrickGarland   #SCOTUS #StolenSeat
Just like you did with Merrick Garland?
well take it.... and then we will be putting one more in after the old bag dies....
