@SenateMajLdr is the single biggest reason why Neil Gorsuch is now a SCOTUS justice. (2/4)
No..the president is the reason..never would have happened if he had not won the election..who would Hillary put in?
@SenateMajLdr will continue to lead our caucus & bring us closer together to keep the promises we made to the American people. (3/4)
Senator Tillis, how about you actually represent everyone in NC? Are Republicans and your donors the only  “American people” you know ?
Stunning to see the Sen'rs of our great state of NC doing everything they can to hide,instead of to lead..Is Sam Ervin,Jr our last hero?
Now more than ever, all GOP officials must work together so we can advance our shared agenda to create opportunity for all Americans. (4/4)
29% approval rating is concerning...NC is watching you and Senator Burr closely.
Senator Burr is retiring after this term. Senator Burr is doing a Great Job! We his constituents who actually live in his district  the guy
mountains of NC are continually hurt by the Republican representatives and their policies, global warming being most obvious
It hasnt changed in that region. At all.
See the Sugar pic?? Bout 10 miles from my house. Lived here for over 30 years. Climate change is having a huge impact on this area!!!
I know but...7 years?! Have been disappointed in my NC senators for not supporting our President. No wonder your approval rating is so low.
Get the job done and quit making excuses..
Ditch Mitch
Or don't ask for my money next election time. Dragging your feet is no better than Hagans liberal ideology.
Sorry you were elected to repeal and replace. McConnell and those career GOP members had 8 years of time they fed us BS get with it or don't
Pass the agenda! We voted for it! Stop supporting legislation against our @POTUS & pass the Republican agenda!
You guys sure can come together when you're going after @POTUS but when it's legislation the people want, you're clueless & divided!! #MAGA
Do what you promised or we'll vote for somebody else who will, even if I have to run myself. No more excuses
It's time for you and Rep in Congress to either put up or shut. All those promises and rhetoric the last 7 yrs! Was it all BS. DO SOMETHING
No one in business accepts lame excuses. Stop putting your hand out and do your job.
You are part of the problem! #DrainTheSwamp #YouLostMyVote #MAGA Obstructing Trump means Term Limit next election!
Not when you have a Republican president with a conservative agenda!  Guess you are just masquerading as a Republican conservative.
It is a tough job, and it's clear that Sen. McConnell isn't up to it. Time for new leadership--that doesn't view base disdainfully.
You are the reason for the Motorcycle Helmet Abortion Law, Voter ID, and HB2 in NC.... you did nothing positive.... NOTHING
But you didn't listen to diversity.
Senator Tillis you the rest of the Republican party need to get to work and support Pres Trump's Agenda. Get the party together.
I suspect you're spouting all this drivel now because Trump won and none of you thought he would. You have 12 days in September. Get working
My brother has a man crush on Mitch McConnell.NOOOOOO!!! Where did we go wrong?
Hahahaha
@SenateMajLdr will get you wiped out because he is a feckless K street cabana boy. Pass GOP platform & nation & GOP prospers.
What a joke. You rammed legislation down the throat, and also helped create gerrymandered districts. Shame on you, @SenThomTillis
hahahaha you didn't manage anything - you rammed through Art Pope's agenda, because you were (and remain) a pathetic partisan shill.
7 years. 7 years all you guys have talked about is repeal and replace. This is the biggest legislative failure in my lifetime.
Just drop your bill to hand cuff our President while senate is in recess. Poor decision on your part.
Hi
We support the Pres. We expect you to do that as well. He cannot accomplish anything alone.
Tillis, perfect e.g. of what happens to politicians that go to DC. Was decent as a member of NC House but became INSTANT DC SWAMP CREATURE!
Time to return power closer to the people. Remote Centralized gov't is a proven failure. Return most powers to States, minus defense.
The House & Senate are FAILED institutions. They work for BIG $ lobbyists, lie to constitutes, then blame each other for not serving public.
In other words, "It's tooooooooooo hard!"
I'm their constituent and I support them both.
Democrats don't!! They would have changed and done what they wanted.  You senator just don't want  POTUS and succeed.
You should just concentrate on supporting @POTUS - he's the ONLY one doing what he promised!
Did you get that wonderful, cheaper Insurance for all that he promised? Me either! #NotMyPresident
AND IT TAKES 7 OR 8 YRS TO DO ANY PIECES?
So what we need is a 'united' caucus that backs our Pres.
.@SenThomTillis #NC #constituents want 2 speak 2 u about this & other issues. Schedule  a public & accessible #townhall? #IndivisiblesNC
The Senate & House need to change Speakers so progress can be made for the American People, & it is time for both Party's to work together!
Aren't you the SOB that prevented Medicaid expansion in NC that cost NC $billions and thousands of jobs? You're fired.
You need to get behind and help the president.
Seems pretty easy for you since you ignore the majority of your constituents.
backpedaling, double talking, swamp creature. We will vote you out in 2020.
Gorsuch in bc @GOP stole the seat from Garland. Subtweeting trump & not taking real stand is cowardly. 45 is traitor to  & u r complicit.
Hi, @SenThomTillis  thanks for the update on your cockus.   Can you please tell your constituents when your Aug. recess town halls will be?
Experience tells me that's an excuse. Try again.
Are you familiar with an old saying about reaping and sowing? I can't quite recall it.
Yeah. But as a NC Repub you also know how to put party over country or even progress for most people. So you are useless to most of us.
why don't you stand up to Trump? you are not keeping your oath of office!
Why does he weigh in against conservatives in EVERY single primary? He needs to go--and now!
WTFE...until y'all backbone up & wrassle control of the bus from Bozo, it's all hollow words.  #ncconstituent #nciswatching #amend25for45
Thank you Senator. I know you're doing your best for us. It is impossible to back a madman in the WH, & all of you should stop doing it-25th
Tillis, it will not matter what you know after next election! Your a huge let down and I regret voting for you!
Says the person who's retweeting in defense of nazis.
I hope you enjoy your term. Don't come back to NC and ask me to vote for you. #ncpol #ncga And don't come thinking you can run for Governor
McConnell step down now
I strongly urge you to start a petition to have Trump psychologically evaluated & removed because of mental instability.  (1 of 2)
How much more loony must Trump get for you & others to save our democracy (the world?) from that clueless, loose canon narcissist? (2 of 2)
Enjoy what time you have left may as well vote for a democrat that's what you act like.
Diverse caucus under the auspices of supporting Repub agenda. To many Repo's forget indiv caucuses have to give & take to get things done
Thank you, my Senator Tom Tillis.
#VOTERPARTICIPATIONTO80PERCENT #FollowYOURDreamsANDPassions #OurGlobeMYback #Scallywag
All I see is anti Trump coming from you and @SenatorBurr  been republican all my life changing to independent to vote for those who  speak
Never again will we vote for these frauds
Repealing PPACA isn't excessive, the leader took a slap at all of us. He should take lessons from you Sen, as speaker you got things done.
Is the secret to management 'partisan politics without regard for constituents welfare'?
You sucked as Speaker and you suck as a Senator. / Signed a registered NC republican.
Agree. I have wrote several letters at least Burr sent a reply back but your both useless and out of touch with we the people.
Really? You mean like holding up @POTUS appointments and allowing low wage workers to take jobs able-bodies NCs should be filling?
This has to be a bot... Come on, seriously...
He's terrible and now he wants McConnell's job.
Lol, to think any long term planning person wants to be in Toxic Trump's Twitter Tantrums makes no sense. Trump poisons every venture.
DITCH Mitch!!
