what I saw was you kissing the ass of the "man" who humiliated you on Air Force One. Little Marco - no self-respect, convictions
#LITTLEMARCO.  Florida always screwing the nation.  Hope the water rises quickly.
Does being this stupid take effort or does it just come naturally to you?
Republicans always come with some obsolete ideas. That's why I'll never vote a Republican in my life. You guys need to grow up.
Conservative means take all nothing for the majority of the people for republicans
Excellent work Senator. Your speech yesterday was heartfelt and moving. Continue with this spirit of cooperation with POTUS.
Really good actor isn't he makes you think he actually cares
I love how you both are right where God placed you, making positive changes.  I am now in wk 14 of my grad studies. Internship!!!!!
Viva #Cuba libre !! 
By abandoning Cuba we ounce again own the door for Russia and China to sit off our shores creating tension when we could profit from Cuba.
The Russians are already there. What we need is to get them out.
If you folk would read the letter and quit being so negatively against our leader!
Thank you Mr. Rubio and Mr. Trump!
If you would just come into the real world and SEE what is going on not just take republicans word for things you would know why
what ever happened to operation Iraqi freedom, Libya,others. Are they free? Now Cuban Freedom Let Cubans decide their fate sir.
Ok, good but the Castro regime would never allow freedom of press or fair democratic elections. Correct me of I'm incorrect.
Sounds like trump administration doesn't it?
Haha yeah pretty much.
I support the new policy...the Cuban people have been lied to for decades.
How is it a better deal Sir? Starwood that merged w/Marriott which is now the largest hotel chain was starting to expand in Cuba. YOU are 1/
are helping Trump undercut his competition. He still has maj ownership of his co Trump Org. Main businesses: Hotels, Resorts, condos. 2/
So if he repeals Obama's policy with Cubans its back to "Open Borders" for the Cubans. Show up at Borders and A/P and u r in-Freebies again!
What about the americans who go to Cuba and can’t find appropriate hotels and restaurants?
What about the Puerto Rican people, USA citizens? The Gov. is entangled in lack of accountability. We fight for Cuban people, what about us?
Thank you Mr. Rubio for being a Patriot
A true patriot stands by his country not the government. I.e. never trump
Can we talk about healthcare? G.O.P.  Might Not Realize It, but Not One State Supports the Republican Health Bill
i get it costs money but lots of waste going on.  Everyone needs healthcare.
- I knew a girl before (No insurance) #ACA. She kept a xanax supply through the #ER.
Rubio isn't Cuban, Cubano hate Rubio. The American Terrorist group the Trump klan is a joke.
Obama delivered a better deal.
He sure did, the communists were thrilled with Obama. Iranians were also very happy with their deal. As they shouted "death to America".
Thought you were smarter than this, apparently not, trump ass kisser
Your crazy.........
thank you for trying to work together for the best interest of all. Too many negative comments
Unfortunately all true
Yes, @marcorubio I totally support empowering the Cuban people to develop 'greater economic independence' over the Cuban military.
God bless America!
Please how can it be better. It seems we continue to walk the opposite.
And you won't apply the same deal to China because you're afraid of them?
They're also across an ocean, not a couple hundred miles off the coast of Florida
90 miles actually. Ggrrr....
Thank you Senator for championing freedom and human rights. So glad the President is listening to you.
Too bad it's for the Cuban people not us
Marco, lo admiro porque usted es un orgullo latino y nos representa bien en el sanado
Invite Castro at Mar-a-Lago
@SenThomTillis Americans travel to China &Vietnam. This partisan insanity has done NOTHING to help the Cuban people in 50 YEARS.
Liars always lie.  Cuba needs our light and not closed.  Saudi rights are worse and they sent 9/11'terrorists but what you done?nothing
Really proud of the stand you and POTUS MADE!
The hip deep stand in rhetorical bullshit?
SAW IT
YOU'RE ON A ROLL MARCO
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
#Miami #Orlando #PalmBeach
#Cuba  #BetterDealforCuba
I wanted to make sure you saw my message on way to discuss #BetterDealforCuba. 
What exactly does Venezuela have to do with any of this?
“@marcorubio: I wanted to make sure you saw my message on way to discuss #BetterDealforCuba. ” sigh @CutlerRidgeLAZ
the way he sold out Trump himself should be serving mimosas in flight & movie should be Milania does senators!
now tell me how you really feel..
Trump is not a good choice to do that. He is much like Castro. Just a continuation of dictatorship style.
B careful doing things that make sense; promote God-given rights of all people; & in our strategic interest.  MSM will link it to Russians
Thanks Marco... great message ... God Bless ....
You should move back to Cuba you don't care about the USA. You take pay and don't do your job.
A usted solo le interesa su dinero,el pueblo d cuba no le interesa para nada,usted es un hipocrita.
Decades of tourists from around the world did nothing to improve the lives of the Cuban people. Obama's actions only emboldened the regime.
Bravo Mr Rubio you and Mr Trump will bring back America, and hope for the Cuban peoples in that beautifull Island....
Yes and would you help President Trump.
I will support you in the future if you support
& help Trump.  Be a loyal Republican.
Well Marquito you love the Commies in China ,the oppressive Saudi regime . Glosnost  destroyed the Soviet Obamas rules will help !
Our policy regarding Cuba has been asinine for 40 years.  I support the current Cuban government more than the racist Republican Party
Congrats on reversing progress. You got what you wanted and bargained your soul to the devil in exchange. This helps Floridia how??
Awesome! Trump/Republicans constantly working smarter with the people in mind.
Yeah ok
Gud thinking
I support Marco Rubio.
@blogforcuba  Thanks for everything!!
that is a right
Будь ласка я прошу вас допомогти мені на окуляри вони дуже дорогі
Допоможіте матириальну допомогу грошову 1500на окуляри я  небачу30%процентів
did you not notice it isnt just Hillary?  You need to read what real ppl living real hard issues are saying. Donald and Russia
still believe all that.  At some point, you will all be gone if you can't show u have a moral compass.  The emails were not it.
interference more seriously.  They want the candidate they can manipulate.  Read Trumps twitter and you will see his supporters
your voters heard the same about the Republicans in the primary!  You should pay more attention, you might take the Russian . .
his supporters still believe Hillary committed many murders during her campaign and ran a child sex ring . . .
the only reason Donald won the primaries is bc of the fake news about the other candidates.  It may not bother you that his
just a reminder as you pretend Donald is a saint and Russia is nothing . . .nobody talks about how Russia affected votes
PBS report illustrated the economic benefit received by locals over last two years from influx of US tourism. That effectively gone now.
In re your memo: As of 2015, 80% of Cubans approved of the Obama's initiative.  In re personal experience: Cubans so excited for US visitors
you just hurt the people of Cuba Airbnb has sent a lot of money to the local residents which was giving them a chance to start a free market
U need 2 step down from Senate Intel Commitee. Unethical to remain while currying favor with man you''re investigating.

We saw it. We're not blind, Marco. America is not as dumb as Donald.
Excelente carta. Felicitaciones y gracias por defender la libertad de los cubanos, escamoteada x la inmensa mayoría del mundo libre y Obama.
You're disingenuous. Anyone who knows you here, knows your grift.

This is bullshit and you know it.
THANK YOU.
Hey can you clowns get us a vote to limit your term and cur your pay. You BS way too much and produce hardly anything for the majority.  Js.
no debes decir futuro de gente cuando no tienes corazón. Abandonó,vaya con tu corrompido Adiós pequeño ordinario
This is a terrible deal
you need heart before deciding for the masses. Resign your post.
still not sure how crooked small person ever made it to congressional, espèce de vendu
I disagree totally and was horrified to read this in my email today
thank you. Please don't stop! #Colombia #Venezuela @realDonaldTrump
Little Marco..the big man! So what about Russia? North Korea, Saudi Arabia? U gonna stand up to them little Marco? Or back room dirty deals?

Rubio’s friendship w Trump blossoms as he helps investigate POTUS associates, via @WaPoSean @WPJohnWagner @karoun http://wapo.st/2rFvIo2 
I want to now th back deal between trump and @marcorubio either is compromised by Russia or there's some dirty dealings going on
So why is basically everyone reporting very minimal changes beyond hateful rhetoric?  I'm an NC resident Thom, and an enquiring mind.
.@POTUS's Cuba policy is not about human rights or security. If it were, then why is he dancing with the Saudis and selling them weapons?
Ok
@satin_silkn   so Lil Marco, you say you really enjoyed the M&M's on Air Force One eh?
Rubio says " Trump was ABSOLUTELY right to violate the Cuba Embargo"
Way to go Marco! You were brilliant today! Thank you for everything you have done! MAGA
A shortsighted arrogant attempt to return to an embargo which helps no one.
Not "cancelled" as Trump said in speech, just modified. Need honesty not deception to mislead in support 2018, 2020 elections.
And it benefits Trump's businesses to the detriment of other corporations. Nothing to see here, all on the up and up, better for the people.
Hypocrite
I wanted to make sure you knew how pathetic you are, using the Cuban people to your own advantage without actually giving a shit about them.
Whatever the US does against Cuba, will be against the people of Cuba, not the Gov., the Gov. will not miss anything. So what good is it?
Not so, cutting off funding to the military will hurt the regime.
You're a sell out
! Little marco
Fraud. You just took food off the tables of 1000s of Cuban families: Privately owned taxis, guest houses, restaurants, etc.  #boycottmiami
Liberals and conservatives hate you. You are a shill. Stop pretending to be a conservative.
So you two clowns really think this is a good deal for the people of Cuba. You've had 50 years to see how it works. Are you frigging blind
So you are against abortion? It aims to kill 100% children. Actually babies.
I was to lead an tour to Cuba this fall with the organization I work for.  This unclear resolution puts that in jeopardy. Thanks for nothing
Bullhsit.  the majority of Americans want a relationship with Cuba, we don't want one with Russia or Saudi Arabia.  sold your soul
And what are you doing to help the American people in danger of loosing their health care?  Praying?
Sorry Marco you don't have enough money to buy a position in Trumps administration. Keep brown nosing it looks good on you
How's about a #BetterDealForAmerica instead? I know it doesn't include you as my representative.
Quid. Pro. Quo
You vindictive weasels are hellbent on reversing EVERYTHING Obama did, regardless of his actions' merits. So juvenile and anti-productive.
What about the American Farmers?  who do you represent? i thought it was #AmericaFirst
That is great! Glad to see support for policies that president trump wants for the people getting support from members of our government TY!
Great!
Sellout. I remember when you had balls. Cuba has better human rights than Saudi Arabia?
As long as travel to #Cuba isn't restricted....then I'm fine.
All these dictators have horrible human rights violations yet you support relationships with them. Better wipe that brown crap off your 
We have a dictator in the office and his party is letting him get away with it.  You kissing his butt sickens me so much!  Lost your cojones
Because of #45 wanting to DESTROY anything that President Obama did and take us back to the fifties! Making our country like Cuba
Obama gave away to store to Cuban dictators.
He helped the people of Cuba. Have you seen their living conditions? The old cars they drive? The broken down buildings?
They live in poverty with cars that are older than I am.  President @POTUS44 opened doors that would help those people. Your idiot closed it
and putting up embargoes worked so well in the last fifty years?  You are hurting the people who need the most help? See how they Live?
Well this is ass.
well we know what Rubio received for his softball questions to Comey and Sessions!!
No gusta
Having witnessed tyranny in Cuba I am surprised that you bend a knee so easily to a man who insults your family.
Little Marco.
You were incredible at that event! Go @marcorubio!
Lets hope you can make an impact that will help Cuba be free again.
You sold Cuba out...wow. In 2010 I saw u on t.v...I thought a genuine guy so charismatic. Didnt take you long to sell out it seems.
So u can still travel but not do business with GAESA How r u planning on tracking cash expenses? #Brainiac #BetterDealForCuba 
NONE of these changes will go into immediate effect!! The HYPOCRISY of our country on another level!! See Qatar, Saudi Arabia. Human rights?
You know Putin wants to build a base in Cuba right, LIttle Marco? And that Trump is trying to prevent competition from other hoteliers also?
Awesome! ThankYou #SenatorRubio for caring about the people of #Cuba!
Tough sanctions for a country with no elections but a $110 Billion deal for Saudi Arabia (with public beheadings and no elections.) #SELLOUT
Rubio 2024!!
Good luck. Hope it helps.
Marco WTH IS WRONG WITH YOU HOW CAN U TRUST TRUMP HOW MUCH HE PAY U? YOU PUNKED OUT LITTLE MARCO REAL BAD WHICH MEANS U CANT BE TRUSTED
Los venezolanos no olvidaremos nunca todo lo que haces por nosotros. Siempre nos tienes presente en todo lo que haces... Dios te Bendiga!!
Good work. Now Senator Rubio & the other GOP weasels, get behind President Trump and stop the attempted coup. #StopTheCoup
Awesome opening remarks and speech
Mr. Rubio is a stand up man and knows how to respect others
#unity 
#partyloyalty
#maga
W/ corrupt loyalty @ Comey hearing, you earned your reactionary base more failed embargo which only serves to alienate the people of Cuba
Great Job Senator
Better deal for who?????
Think it's great Russia to move into Cuba! Nikita Khrushchev Wins From The Grave!
You really could've been @POTUS. But u just couldn't stop towing the party line, even when it was cruel & strictly political. Shame on you.
YOU are a puppet. YOU have lost the small shred of respect that you may have been hanging on to by the skin of your teeth. Little Marco!
Ramses II said "Strike the name of Moses..."  Trump says, "Strike all legislation from our 1st black President Obama!"
King Trump King Trump!!!
I lived in Miami for over 40 years. You are holding the Cuban American comm. up for ridicule and contempt. Little Marco, no integrity.
Your deal will only increase inequality in Cuba. Besides your points are hypocritical. What about Saudi Arabia or China? - from a real Cuban
thanks my properties in Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico just got a bump. Capitalism 1 Cubans 0. No benefits to them, Sad!
Listen to Lying Trump. You people buy his crap, you'll believe anything. Time to get rid of Republican party. Bad for America.
You just lost my vote. Americans traveling freely to Cuba and no restrictions like the rest of the planet would help the people of Cuba more
So when's trump building a hotel and golf course there? And what's your cut?
Why don't you tell us about your bribes that you accept?
guess you've got $ promised 2 u in the new 45 hotel he's been tryg 2 get built in Cuba 4 yrs 45 punishes countries that have said no in past
Support our President! Investigate Clinton lynch obama spying. Build the wall. Repair health care. Do something !!!!!!
Only a better deal for your friends
@realDonaldTrump supporter and republican here. This is a step backwards to a failed embargo policy. Wake up.
@marcorubio Look for a real job men and dont be worry about #Cubans  we are fine
I'm a proud Cuban American, in full support of this because there's something that needs to be done to help them. All human rights matter!
You're a snake. Selling out your own country men.
Better deal for Cuba or for Trump? Who stays in the Sheraton hotel? How many people can afford a hotel. Trump wants a .
Pointless.
Just watched you on TV..AWESOME!!!!!!
Castro will still take their profits and/or imprison them.While Russia builds RR for them. Divisiveness is all u & DT have done.
Besides that! You don't even respect yourself! After Mr. Cheeto almost kill you politically, you still support his stupidity? Shame!
Will the long standing Cuban fleeing to USA refugee citizenship policy canceled by #Obama be reinstated as it should?!!
Thanks for reversing Oblama policy. Now need to pressure Cuba to reverse the Cuban invasion of Venezuela – at Fort Lauderdale
Great speech Marco
Senator.What do you ppl do up there? And why are you and the rest so silent in defending the record of @realDonaldTrump getting things done?
Umm because they don't get anything done?
Just trying to get a rise out of him since I am in his State.
Incredible speech.  Obama puts hand out to a regime while Trump reaches out to the people of Cuba.  Thank you.
But still a Never Trumper
Such brilliance!  Thank you for your strength and courage.
Oh you have something to discuss? 45 once again steals your thunder with his guilt-ridden tweets. #StopSupportingTheLiarInChief
If only you took the same interest for your own constituents as you do for the Cubans.
What are you giving #45 in return ?
Marco, you killed it today in your speech - great career ahead
Great speech!!! 
Your speech in Miami today was amazing, Marco. It was clearly heartfelt & full of love and hope for the Cuban people. Good job!
Still want a #Rubio4President!
Ohhh please more than 50 years and the regime still there! So you really believe that something is going to change because of you! Jajaja
