Neil, stop bashing Trump all day, it's getting tiresome.  Tell Gasparino the same thing.
I second that emotion. The two of you have been anti-Trump since the beginning of his campaign. It is very old. I'm not such a fan anymore.
Time for alot of you to go.  Elections will be changing it again.  GOP has proven they cannot get along enough to govern, SHAME
This is up to the Prez. I have been writing him that where the hell is Sessions. All this garbage & you GOP are not standing your ground.
No on Trumpcare
Sessions and the REP'S are a bunch of wimps not getting damn tough with these Dems and not pushing Trumps agenda. The American people gave..
And Sessions should have told Trump he would have to recuse.
Sessions is trustworthy but it will take more than that to "restore trust" in DOJ & FBI. Both still filled with corrupt Dems & leakers.
I'd love to have a senator that I can trust to care about the health and welfare of NC citizens. Man-up Senator Tillis!
We don't care what you think.  This is Trump's decision not your!
The justice Dept. , FBI are so messed up. If not Hillary would have been indicted, and the Clinton's So called foundation would be under inv
He showed his position by his vote today. His office refused to say before the vote.

Fire Tillis!
Fire Tillis, he does NOT represent the people of NC! Out in '20.

http://8harps.com 
America needs a strong AG.
How? By allowing the POTUS enemies to rule the never ending investigations that R indeed becoming witch hunts b/c they yeild 0, & yet spread
They should talk privately if they haven't. Legal problems with how he can function determined by WH legal. Agree on it.
I don't trust Sessions or Tillis.
sessions is being black mailed by the democratics
Jeff Sessions should not have recused himself!We NOW know FBI,INTEL comm & illegal leakers MADE UP Russia/Trump HYPE!REVERSE RECUSAL & LEAD!
Sounds like having your head up fox's butt has permanently blinded you, because #NOBODYisTHATstupid !! Or else you're just a Russian troll 
just to remind Tillis had to be pushed by progressives to be awakened, he was silent before multi tweets and messages
Thank you Senator for speaking out about your support for AG Sessions. Now is the time to lead, not follow those that will lead you astray.
I don't think there was an ever lack of trust except for what the R's tried to instigate but I'm so thankful you're taking this position.
People Neil because of his integrity & willingness to cover both the good & the bad of the Trump Presidency. Don't rebuke his intellect.
Way to fight against Bullying Thom.
@TeamCavuto @SenThomTillis @POTUS Does the FBI warrant that trust tho, @ SenTomTillis
SESSIONS needs to develop a killer instinct or quit the job. We need an AG who will fight like hell 2 rid this cntry of the sewer rats in DC
This picture is dedicated to all of the CAVUTO-HATERS.

ROCK ON Mr. CAVUTO !!!

BS Cavuto Trump needs to berate every swinging REP including Sessions for lying to the American people especially about health care...
@TeamCavuto @SenThomTillis @POTUS Over 400 arrests for fraud in the healthcare industry was good. Now what? Not pot businesses.
Thank you Sen Tillis for some sanity -  NC voter
He should have never been confirmed as AG. But what Trump is doing is wrong.
He does + action
AG Sessions is just like all the other long timed GOP's. They're totally stymied. Ineffective & reticent. Time to go! Term limits!!
business people would get rid of Sessions He can't do his job Only DC & cable news would think he is a asset We don't care about senators
An Attorney General is in a position to take action. No action is unacceptable. Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
Only reason some government officials. Want to keep AG Sessions, is he's not investigating Hillary's Emails. If he did, he wouldn't be liked
No doubt Sessions is a smart man but hiding his recusal from DJT was wrong.
I want to know how is he establishing with all old Obama people in they're controlling Sessions you people are only protecting your own BS!
Reestablishing trust?Corrupt last 8yrs yet no one purged yet.No crimes investigated. Sessions covering for deep state and now must go.
Sir, why jumping on Sessios now instead of day he recused himself. Fire Rosenstein who looks other way as Muellar hires all HC supporters!
@POTUS wants a Tiger is that wrong? There stacking the deck, so we need to stack the deck on our side. simple Brooklyn thinking.
Well Sessions is not getting it done. Where is investigation on Obama and his lawless administration.(Irs,Bengazi,fast &,furious,clinton.
Sessions not a multi-tasker, which AG needs to be. Focused on deportations but not WH leaks, Hillary illegalities, etc. MUST be addressed

Senate sessions needs to do his job and be tougher
@TeamCavuto our POTUS did want a great man like Sessions , that's why he chose him DUH BUT he's frustrated as we Rneedclosier
AG needs to Drain The Swamp at DOJ and has refused to address the issue...You're Fired
The world don't work like this buddy, just in the BS political constructed reality you guys imagine. He's getting told to do better publicly
That includes those beneath him he is seeking to ingratiate himself to, which is the problem. He is their boss, and shit rolls downhill
You want to reestablish justice &word of law then reopen clinton case look at lynch&Rice &few others who broke the law PERIOD
Media playing up story tv time not a word from AG and Potus. Fake news establishing agenda to detract congress who are scared and weak
THE PEOPLE WANT AN AG THAT WILL GO AFTER POLITICAL CRIMINALS
No one cares who the @FBI and @TheJusticeDept trust - we don't trust them! #FireRosenstein, #FireMueller, #FireMcCabe
Is it possible this feud was planned by Trumps admin. 2 garner support 4 Sessions from the left? Just saying.
Why are there REP's who are thinking for POTUS when they cannot even come together on health and tax plans? Get behind POTUS!
Absolutely!!  Jeff Sessions is bringing back trust and dignity back to the DOJ !!!!
Senator: do your job and shut your pie hole. Get health care, tax cuts, etc., done and you will be able to keep your job.
Incation builds trust?
Fight with Sessions goes to prove what Comey said about Trump is true. He demands loyalty to him, not the truth or the law or your country.
Recusing himself without telling the President is NOT what is consider loyalty or trust.
OMG! Thank god Sessions isn't a pansy ass...the media sounds like a bunch of babies
RINO GO AWAY
Legislators should do their job and legislate instead of being editorialists. Pass legislation which will balance the FedGov books.
He is not getting the job done up to this point.
Sessions is holding Mueller over Trumps head.
