$4,418,012.00 = NRA contributions to Senator Thom Tillis of NC to get your thoughts and prayers and #DoNothing to end the killing.
#NRAWhore
DO SOMETHING you #NRA shill. 90% of us want expanded background checks, we don't want silencers and we want 'bump stocks' made illegal DO IT
Blood on your hands!! Give all of the victim's families your $4,418,012
FROM THE N.R.A
Pray for yourself. YOU caused this. It's your prints on the guns. I hope your guilt  never allows you to get another night of restful sleep
I wonder why you are only sending thoughts and prayers instead of action? Oh wait...
When you're in the NRA's pocket, you offer thoughts, prayers, and inaction on lifesaving gun safety policies. http://every.tw/2y1Sv4d 
And you didn't have to pay a penny for those prayers out of the $4,418,012 you accepted from the @NRA #LasVegasMassacre #ProfitsBeforePeople

You are a disgrace. If you want to do something for the victims, STOP TAKING NRA BLOOD MONEY!

In addition of praying what about passing sensible gun laws or you don’t want to lose the NRA $$? #GunControlNow #ThisIsCorruption
Victims in #SutherlandSpringsShooting were already praying.  Stop accepting contributions from @NRA and pass legislation to ban at least assault weapons.   What next?? My mother heard #GabbyGiffords being shot.
Tillis, who is up for reelection in 2020, received $4,418,012 from the NRA. Time for change in the Senate. @kayhagan
Will you be returning the  you received from the NRA & vote 4 stricter laws? Or will they continue to own you? $4,418,412 from the NRA

4 million reasons to do nothing. Good for you. Thoughts and prayers.
You helped enable this, and also you are grotesque and anti-human in all your political positions. FYI.

Look! These Senators send "thoughts & prayers" check out how much $ they get from @NRA @ThomTillis @SenatorBurr https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur …
Maybe send them the $4.5 million you received from the gun lobby for their troubles, after all the shooter had rights..#NoNRA #Resist
Are you going to do anything about it? Thoughts and prayers are not enough.
Prayers are pointless we need action on mental health and sensible gun laws
While accepting $4,418,012 from the N.R.A.
what have you done to keep guns such as the ones this man owned and used in this horrific and senseless tragedy out of our country?
So how does God answer a man who takes money in exchange for letting people get slaughtered every day? Do you think he takes your calls?
Over a month since the Las Vegas massacre.  Have you done anything to ban bumpstocks?  Or is it all talk no action from another NRA slave?  #OneTermThom
You took $4,418,012 from the NRA. What are you going to do? I'm betting you'll do nothing at all.  Am I right?
Your words are empty. What is horrific and senseless is that you’ve accepted $4.4M from @NRA #EndGunViolence
Still not even a thought towards preventing mass shootings in future?  COWARD.
SenTillis:The NRA paid you over $4.4 million dollars.
You support the NRA and making weapons,including machine guns, available to everyone.
crock You frigging hypocrite you are a paid for shill of the NRA $4,418,012 you could care less about the dead and wounded. crocodile tears
Thanks for being so brave, that fixed everything.
#impeach #GunControlNow  #actlikeyouworkhere
Push for #CommonSenseGunLaws so there won’t be anymore victims of senseless gun violence!!!
Great, now DO SOMETHING productive and vote for common sense gun regulation that your constituents in NC also support
Their blood is on YOUR hands! We all know it! You, greed and the NRA!How do you sleep at night?

Not just a tragedy sir, it was murder!! #GunViolence Americans live in fear of mass shootings by home grown terrorists.. Statistics state it will happen again. Do our government officials want do something about it? Huh? Do you?
As long as you continue to sate yourself on NRA blood money, your "condolences" are not only empty words but disingenuous and an insult to every American who ever lost a loved one due to gun violence.
I am one of your voters. We don’t want your prayers. We want action! Enact gun control now or we will vote someone in who will!!
Now also let your actions demonstrate your resolve.
But since they haven't paid you off like the NRA, so that's all they're getting from you. We deserve better.
The NRA bought you for a cool 4 million. Keep your prayers. No god would listen to you.
If you really feel bad, how about pushing for #GunControlNow laws.
How about you work on getting some common sense gun control legislation passed?
NRA lapdog. Blood of innocents on your hands. Since you aren't going to do anything but pray, go ahead and resign.
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
@ThomTillis now that we’ve prayed, what are we going to do?
Fuck your condolences and prayers. Fix this.

-constituent from 27028
Saw your sound bite on MSNBC. If now is not the time to discuss gun control, then when?? When is the time? I'm waiting for your reply.
Hypocrite. You don't care whatsoever about those people. You're pro-death and you know it. Why don't you just admit it already.
I guess you shouldn't except money from the NRA you hypocrite
Your deepest condolences meaning even though hundreds were injured, over 50 died & 1000's will suffer PTSD now is not the time to talk??!...
Now is the time to talk about sensible gun control. If you want to honor the 59 dead, then do something to prevent it from happening again.
Nobody wants your prayers! We want sensible legislation to keep weapons out of the hands of maniacs who want to kill us.
Cool. Maybe they'll believe you if you also pass sensible gun restrictions?
And yet you're in the NRA's pocket. Keep your prayers - instead do your job, and change legislation to prevent this idiocy.
Shameful... Would now be the time to discuss tougher gun laws if your loved one was gunned down? How much have you sold out US lives to the NRA? I hope all that money can help wash the blood off your hands...
A tragedy you helped happen by letting the NRA buy your vote. Until you say no to the blood money your prayers mean nothing.
This tweet was paid for by the NRA - We at the NRA will always be here to blow you away!

Your prayers and condolences are meaningless drivel as long you keep your head firmly planted deep inside the #NRA's ass with inaction

Congrats @SenThomTillis for being the @GOP 's TOP bought & paid for @NRA stooge with $4,418,833 !! That must have bought a LOT of "prayers". 
Did you really take over 4mil from the NRA? Really?
My deepest condolences and prayers for your soul, sir. ...even after Scalise, how close to home must it come for you to get off your ass?
pray that your god forgives you for selling your soul to the american gun lobby.
How about you do something? Anything. Just make a move to actually change how guns are acquired or prescreened esp for the mentally ill
We need term limits. You people stay in Washington and become owned Buy corporate America. That doesn't help the working class. Vote out GOP
Every time this happens we get condolences and prayers. We pray you people will enact legislation to help stop this MURDER. Stop your NRA $$
This is on you Senator
If your deepest condolences were a puddle, it couldn't drown an ant. Your willful negligence on gun control for NRA $ is abhorrent
@senthomtillis im confused. 14th amend for the unborn but not the living. R u in favor of women using guns to terminate an unwanted preg?
The'prayers'of one who took $4,418,833from NRA are useless.Blood is on your hands.Try gun control legislation to atone!
Are you going to send the money back to the NRA?
We need action, not prayers. 1. Stop taking NRA $ and 2. Enact gun legislation. Blood on your hands otherwise. Please do the right thing.
Stop taking #nrabloodmoney, Sen. Tillis, or those prayers are just empty #hypocrisy!
#NRAKills 
#NRATerrorism 
#NRAHatesAmerica
And how can you offer "condolences" when your support of #NRATerrorism makes you #Complicit?
Let's see a gun control bill, or you're FOS.
Sworn to protect the constitution, the 2nd amendment protects your right to a gun to defend your home. It does not guarantee an arsenal
And so you're going to vote against legalizing silencers

And so you're going to vote against....

You're going to vote for them, aren't you
Maybe you could stop taking money from the NRA and we would believe you care
What's the statute of limitations on "thoughts & prayers" cretin? 
We're sick of hearing this pathetic line over & over. GROW A PAIR FIX IT
NRA still paying you?
You also won't vote this week to legalize SILENCERS.
If you mean this, you'll return the NRA donations to you back to the NRA and refuse to accept any future $$$
But you still cash those NRA campaign checks, so we know exactly how much you really care. 

Enjoy the money   
Way to pretend to care, buddy.
You took NRA money. You support the NRA agenda. Your prayers are hollow.
Your condolences and prayers are meaningless, insulting and hypocritical without real action. As your constituent I demand #GunControlNOW
Do you have these tweets in a file sent you from the NRA so you can just copy and paste them after every mass shooting?
You are in a unique position to help stop this. Please do SOMETHING about gun violence. Surely we can do better. Sincerely, your constituent
Yet you had zero problem taking millions from the NRA, you own this shit
Stop taking NRA money. Hypocrisy
You're gonna suffer for your sins.
You were bought by the NRA. Blood Money.
You can console yourself with the $4 million in direct contributions, advertising & other support you received from the NRA in 2016.
Changing laws works way better then sending prayers.
Unless you're a scumbag in debt to the NRA. I hope & pray he has daughters whose pussies r being grabbed mid-shooting next time. Justice
Subtle, but powerful. 

Thoughts and prayers before or after you cashed the NRA check? Their blood is on your hands.
Keep them to yourself, just like the $4.4 million in financial assistance you received from the NRA.
But you've taken over $4.4 million dollars from the NRA? 
You and Susan are garbage
@NRA and stop taking money from these guys?
Says the senator who takes money from the NRA. Hypocrite
Please do something more

I hope the mansion you bought with the $4.4 million the NRA gave you is worth the 59 lives who were lost yesterday.
Give back all the money the @NRA bought you with.
Shocking & tragic, but it's more important to receive $$$ from the NRA and do their bidding rather than work to keep Americans alive.
Give back the 4million the NRA gave you to the victims families.
Then give back the $9k you took from the NRA if you feel that deeply.
Your pockets are lined with @NRA money and thoughts and prayers don’t wash your blood stained hands clean.
Hey, if you were their pastor that might barely be enough, but you're a goddam US Senator and no one hired you to just think and pray.
Thom Tillis was given over 4 million dollars by the NRA...
Your condolences & prayers do nothing.  You & the GOP MUST do something about common sense gun regulation. This is INSANITY!
Will your votes create looser gun laws? Give all your NRA money to the victims. #nrabloodmoney

Meanwhile, I will continue to sell my soul for the $4 million I have received from .@NRA. Empty prayers, full wallet.
Stop the fake remorse over #LasVegas. Your refusal to control access to these weapons is the #RootCause of #whiteterrorism & mass murder
Respectfully Senator, that is not enough. Do something! One man shot almost 600 people at an outdoor concert. Stop voting with the NRA!
How much of that $4 mil NRA campaign donation are you willing to share with victims' families?
Prayers sent from a guy who is trying to figure out how to get Congress to legalize silencers... the week after Las Vegas. Despicable.
And then you spent NRA $$$$$
#BloodOnYourHands
You received over $4 million from the NRA over your career, and opposed stricter gun control and expanded background checks. You're scum

Shame on you- how many millions has the NRA fed you? $4.4M?? Your empty prayers as you sip your latte are a waste
Christianity is supposed to be a verb. When will you DO SOMETHING. For 4.5 million can we get you to? How much is your vote worth?
Legislate, Senator. We The People say enough thoughts & prayers. Ban weapons of war! #Responsible gun control! @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
This Blood is on your hands sir - they paid you to make this happen - this you cannot rationalize away they gave you that money for a reason
Urge you to take intimidate action on gun control. All we're asking for are sensible regulations which comply w/US Constitution and reason.
So tired of hearing people & politicians say sympathy and prayers, it is in our blood stained hands of this nation to change it if we choose
You took $4.4 mil from the @NRA. You are the problem. You are in their pocket. You are the reason people and children continue to die.
Block the bill on silencers or remain silent!  No one needs or wants your prayers when you are supported by and support the NRA!
Grow up Tillis. Get off the @NRA tit.
Blood money @NRA
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims. But damn, Tillis sure does LOVE all that dirty @NRA money!! @GOP
Lord have mercy. Thom will pray away all those mean evil people. What a loser.
Until you stop taking blood money you can stop with your condolences and prayers
This is offensive. I know who lines your pockets. You will not see another term  - constituent from 28792.
Please stop with the pre cleared statements. It’s just cowardly.  Please act so it’s not Raleigh or Charlotte next or any place in the US!
What  are  you  going  to  do  about  it
How about sending back the $9,900 you have accepted from the NRA?  That would be more sincere than thoughts and prayers.
How much money have you taken from the NRA?
We don’t need thoughts and prayers. Give the @NRA their #bloodmoney back and vote for #GunControlNOW
Without action, your words are a hollow mockery.
$4.4 million from NRA. Shame on you and Susan.
You've got millions of dollars of NRA blood money on your hands, you pious hypocrite.
word is NRA give $4million to your campaign? for that $4 million you are giving us thoughts and prayers-doesn't stop bullets from killing us

You have received $4.4 million from the NRA. Blood money. You may as well have been in the hotel room handing him fresh ammo.
We don't want your prayers, we want votes and action on gun control. #bloodmoney #yoursoul
Enough of the platitudes, @SenThomTillis. It's time for the @GOP to take on the @NRA instead of being on the take. #GunControlNow
A mass shooting everyday in the USA. How’s that praying thing working out?
Since you take money from the organization that keeps guns like these available, your words are hollow.
Stop. Just stop with the empty platitudes! How much money have you accepted from the NRA?
Great lesson for your kids senator! Maybe they can grow up &be like you! Blood money on their hands while they get funded by the NRA! #vegas
Stop supporting the NRA. That would be more sincere that this tweet
Great! Will you now commit to not taking gun lobby money and supporting tough gun legislation, or are you just a hypocritical knob?
I know one thing that would stop all these republicans voting for laws like using silencers&voting against sensible laws STOP LOBBYING
Stop voting against sensible gun restrictions like this law NRA is pushing to agree on silencers
Sure
"Susan & I can't change this senseless tragedy bc we believe guns that shoot 90 shots/10 sec. R our right & the NRA pays me to believe that"
You should be praying for your own soul as these people's blood are on your hands. How many thousands of dollars has the NRA given to you?
How much were you bribed by NRA? Stop with the fake condolences
But are you going to ask for gun control?
Stop taking NRA money. You are beholden to it.
It's offensive that a man can pretend to give a crap after taking $4.4 million from the NRA.
Condolences and prayers are not enough. We demand change now. This is total madness and unforgivable.
You & Susan can choke on the blood of the victims! How does it feel to be bought and paid for with precious American lives? POS!
Yes! Let's pray
And pray some more
To the #NRA
Your mightiest lord
Youre a shill for NRA $$$....this disqualifies your tweet.
There is nothing deep about your words or prayers. You are an embarrassment to our country. #fakeprayers
Make sure you use some of that NRA cash to maybe send flowers to the families...
This is like when the NRA sends YOU money, except that it accomplishes even less..right?
Stop taking blood money
