The republican health insurance plan is to create more uninsured Americas. The answer is #SinglePayer not #AHCA  Tell me how I'm wrong.
To true; ACA was a half measure and will fail. We need single payer nationwide, and fixed health care prices for a couple decades.
AHCA is better? Lowering premiums by reducing services and Americans covered. Negatively impacting millions to keep a political promise...
you going to keep blaming or you going to help fix the problem,stop whinng and make an effort to help #SinglePayerNow
Insurance CEO: "I’m raising Obamacare premiums because of Trump"
Then fix Obamacare! Taking away healthcare from millions really does not help! You need to start listening your constituents instead of just blindingly voting with the Republican party of Donald Trump!
Well at least they have coverage!
I love to watch you crooks justify your actions when you tried to make it fail since the start. 23 million uninsured, Tillis. No excuse.
And the new health plan makes it worse
#peopleb4politics 
#paulryansux
No Senate passed Healthcare Reform Bill - 125 days and counting! Were we lied to by our Republican Senators? Call your Senator today!
With a Republican dominated legislature, whose fault is that? #GOPshame
If it weren't for #Obamacare, we wouldn't have any health care at all!
These numbers on my native state of NC greatly concern me.
#Obamacare
So offer them medicare.
Stop complaining about it and do something.  You have the house, senate and presidency...#embarrassing @SenateMajLdr
The obvious solution is to take away their insurance. No insurance, no insurance premium. Win win win #winning #AHCA
Dying North Carolinians is a win as well, I assume!
Please rally behind our President and pass new healthcare bill
please dont rally around the buffoon
I'm self insured with a pre-existing condition. BCBS sent a letter stating If I goto Obama Care, I can't go back to my plan.#moreoptionsinNC
So work on improving the ACA instead of replacing it with something far worse, traitor
Blue Cross & Blue Shield insurance increases out of control!
You, @SenThomTillis and @GOP worked hard to sabotage the ACA. You aren't "saving" healthcare — you're taking it away from 23 mil citizens.
@PatMcCroryNC & @NCGOP made sure ACA is difficult & expensive in NC, instead of working together for our good! Hope Tillis will do better!
Don't get your hopes up
The ACA never had a chance because of Republican undermining. I'm teaching my children to challenge scum like you and most of the GOP.
It's a pretty simple fix. Regulate hospital and insurance costs. Open up the market. More paying customers the lower the rates.
Expanding Medicaid and supporting current ACA is answer
Partially thanks to you. And what have you got that is so much better? I'm sure you'll tell us what the insurance cos tell you to tell us.
Thanks to GOP sabotage. Sold your soul.  Makes you feel good and powerful?
Old system = broken.  ACA = still broken. AHCA = even more broken.  Look at the rest of the world: single payer works. Lets do what works.
But consider that Obama and Dems got UD guv trapped into providing health care for all. As usual, Dems win!
Stop acting like you care about regular hard working people.  It makes me sick.  You are in it for the $, protecting the rich.
Note: NC Also failed to expand medicaid under Obamacare. Just a worthy addition to your tweet for context.
Then stop holding the ACA hostage!
You could just be honest and say insurance companies are and always have been dicks.
Well if you thought that was bad wait till you see the trumpcare numbers. But hey you won't have a seat anymore when that happens
YOU fail to provide for your constituents and you want to blame Obama. Shame on you. We won't forget.
Of course, Thom Tillis, because you and all your Republican buddies refused to participate in the Medicaid expansion.
I hope Ben Jacobs didn't sustain any preexisting conditions. @GOP
500k individuals caught in the gap, unable to obtain subsidies because Republicans refused to expand Medicaid. You're part of the problem.
Don't even dare pin the blame on lack of competition when your very own party is deliberately creating conditions to hurt citizens.
.@NCGOP worked hard to prevent Medicare expansion, scare &disenfranchise voters. Their replacement? 23 million Americans without #healthcare
Yes, we know.  We're the ones living the nightmare!
Well looks like we just have to have a Federal insurance company that will cover them all if profits are an issue get my drift
They didn't set up their own exchanges The states that did don't have as much of a problem ! Dumb
100% of North Carolina counties are victim to gerrymandering
This is not true. #tellthetruthaboutObamacare.
That's because you and your buddy McCrory fought against Medicaid expansion. Fix the ACA, don' replace.
And wait when your new GOP trumpcare goes into effect it will be 800 pct higher than what they are paying now according to to the CBO office
I really want to understand why Younefuse to try to fix the ACA instead of completely replacing and sabotaging it.
Which is why we need a PUBLIC OPTION
So expand medicaid in NC and add a public option to the exchange.
Not Obamacare; insurance co's lying and you're restating the lie, you political hack.  Sure glad you have great insurance though!!!!!
@DallasWoodhouse But many previously uninsured have coverage--for now. Is Trumpcare a better option? CBO says 23 mill will lose insurance.
Tell them to move
Internet can teach WONDERS. Right. Down. To. Metadata. &CBO like 23m losing insurance. You will be judged by company u keep. #Resist
But 100% of the counties will be affected in the 23 million who won't have coverage under the GOP plan to repeal #stopplayinggames
#repealandreplace
And so you prefer just giving big tax breaks to business and insurers. How exactly does that help those people? Quit pretending you care.
Blaming Obama is ludicrous. Medicaid for all!
100% of North Carolinians have missed your town hall. Don't fake like you care. MY ACA kicks ass.
You do not.
Any plans for the 23 million losing their health care?  No? How surprising.  Let's build a wall instead. You already checked with Mitch.
#Trumpcare will increase the uninsured by 23 million, says the CBO. If you don't like the ACA, come up with something better, not worse!
That's why we need single payer, Thom.
House bill: 23M more uninsured by 2026, 1/6 of population losing coverage for preexisting conditions = A #TrumpCare 'disaster'. Suggestions?
Single payer is the answer.
All I can say is 1 affordable option is infinitely more options than 100 unaffordable options.  Which is what I had before #ObamaCare
Make ACA better... The GOP replacement is a disaster. Better yet... #SinglePayer
It's a mess thanks to the democrats
Many ins co are dumping out of Obamacare b/c their either going broke or don't want to help pay big $ to help failing companies stay afloat
Because the state opted out of the exchange nthe state doomed us from the get go. Say it with me: SINGLE PAYER PLAN!
This so clearly shows why we need a single payer system.  Thank you for the data @SenThomTillis
Regulate insurance companies.  Fund ACA.  People get affordable insurance.  Not rocket science.
Solution is to improve aca or create sensible replacement.  Pls Consider Sen Collins alternative. Rs worsened aca flaws by not expa
Med..
Senator, does the Insurance Industry giving you $75,000 have anything to do with your view of healthcare #CORRUPTION
For those stating why no exchange, well bc expanding Medicaid would be an increase in state taxes on top of premiums. That's what u want?
Actually yes because in the end the total cost would be less.
Go home ur drunk. Thinkin the gov takin more ur money is good for u.
Universal healthcare and zero ban on #preexisitingconditions. Fix the problem don't bitch about the problem.
Fix ACA and expand Medicaid in NC. Don't go back to where we were before and stop trying to trick people into thinking ACA is bad for them
Single payer is the only solution that will solve the healthcare problem. Trump admired Australia's system. Let's do it!
expand Medicare
So find a way to improve our existing system that many insured are satisfied with.  Figure it out; that is your job.  Work with ALL members.
Single  payer 
And what have you offered over the last few years to improve health care for all Americans?
#zipzeronada
This is on you and your fellow GOPers, sir, as you well know. If McCrory had expanded Medicaid the plan would have worked.
Serious Q:  do you also own insurance company equities and if do, which?
44 public Senate hearings over 14 mos built ACA. 0 public hearings for AHCA. If you want a good bill, slow down!!
you supported a bill that allows insurers to take away my health care as a cancer patient, you do not care about NC citizens, dont even try
And you know the ACA could be improved! Better to improve it, too: http://familiesusa.org/product/defending-health-care-2017-what-stake-north-carolina …
But 100% of NC counties have sufficient retailers to buy hand soap. Are you washing your hands if the idea of a REAL town hall?
So, with NC having a"high risk pool" already in place, wouldn't that make NC exempt from preexist conditions under th house's Trumpcare?
Reason is insurance cos. do not like losing money. Obamacare a disaster. Fear not, Obama allows insur. Co. loses 2 be covered by $tax.
Why not expand Medicaid or set up state exchanges? This GOP attempt to gut the ACA at NC's expense & act as if you're not responsible is SAD
Just don't cause problems for my Christian sharing plan #christianhealthcareministries . Thanks
Thank you Hussein Obama.
Thom Tillis please, turn off censorship! Retweet this tweet:
@Microsoft 
@BillGates 
@MasonMorfit 
@satyanadella #Microsoft Corporation Board of…
W/ the US govt not guaranteeing payment of subsidies, this is a problem of the @GOP's making by creating uncertainty in the market. #ACA
Nothing to do with OCare. How much $$ have you rcv'd from insurance companies? Just another greedy industry.
Ok, but Trumps plan is not better. It's much worse. What are you going to do about it?
Please read @NC_N8 post.  Do you really think we're this stupid? I guess you must.
Hey look, it's all the Southern states! Maybe that's because you refused to set up a state exchange.
Thank you for the stats Thom...Now get to work with Dems to fix it!! #singlepayer
And your point Senator? And what happens under your plan? What are the costs? Pre-existing conditions?
What about those that have four or more??  Seems to be working in those areas.  I guess it isn't broken.  You have sabotaged it. #propaganda
Do you want to tell us the REAL reason why? Tell the whole story Thom about no medicaid expansion.
How about you get your @NCGOP legislative colleagues to opt in to Medicaid expansion? U have majority, stop blaming. Just fix it already.
Repeal it!
Was it nice, after you collapsed, to get medical care wo concern you'd lose your job or house or that you'd be bankrupt? We'd like that too.

This is because McCrory & his GOP cronies refused to set up the state exchange,  or expand Medicaid. Shame on NC GOP sir
Tillis was one of his GOP cronies.  Big L for loser = Tillis.
Don't you dare throw out the ACA to replace with this half-assed AHCA that hasn't even been remotely thought-out. (Or read.)
Tell me again why it took litigation to make BCBSNC to provide the services their customers pay for?
Tell me again why private companies can price hike with impunity?
The @GOP method of taking rights away from all but the riche$t 1%. We are coming for you to turn you blue #6November2018 @womensmarch
Too bad he's not up for reelection in 18. We're stuck w/this dirty self-interested politician for years and years. Let's change term limits!
Don't u dare try to sell the poor pitiful private insurances are looking out for us line. Tell me: how much $ does BCBSNC CEO make again??
Tell the state's Dept of Insurance to require companies offering service in one county to offer it in all... All or nothing for Ins Cos
What will BCBS charge under Trumpcare? They won't tell you, right? Insurance CEOs laughing all the way to the bank.
My private plan increased more prior to ACA, less after. Single payer is the only fix. Do not support Trumpcare Nocare.
Yes, it sucks. Looking forward to you endorsing Medicare for All
CBO Score coming today..........how will you defend that?  @gop = @realDonaldTrump no credibility, no moral conscience
The NC GOP is responsible for this.
You did this under previous governor, so quit with the bulls**t. Everything bad in this state points right back to you and the NC GOP.
how much will the premiums go up for those with pre-existing conditions, how many will go bankrupt because of medical bills ?
And??? Do something about it and pass Trumps reform you coward.
And what was the rate of increase four years before Obamacare?
Much higher
Why: nc has been too stupid to setup the state exchanges and to expand medicaid the fed gov pays for.
fix: ACA or go to single payer
Naturally, I can count on you to support Single Payer, right?
I have an idea. Repeal.
Super interesting. You should bring this up at a townhall meeting. Get some rebuttal? Have a dialogue? Be a gentleman? Get on our good side?
Consider the public option.
the solution is not to allow crappy policies to be offered #FixACA #SaveACA
Whatever dude. This is on YOU and your obstructionist policies. We could have made it work but you said no. You think poor = dependent.
Senator why don't you encourage the @NCHouseGOP to set up the state exchange? Expand Medicaid? Why not encourage funding of ACA?
Tillis was one of the NC house leaders that Fought against the ACA NOT EXPANDING MEDICAID. He has no interest in helping NC citizens.
That's right jake!
You don't really think we're THAT stupid, do you?
why is that?  Because NC did not participate in the ACA . Y'all are doing everything you can to get the cruel AHCA passed. Town hall please
I'd like to talk to you about this in person. Can you remind me of the date of your in person town hall?
In person public meeting with ADVANCE notice.
So fix the ACA.   Don't be a party to its destruction. Please be a human.
So, let's talk about adding a public option.
Well Senator, take a good look in the mirror & ask yourself why that is.
Stop talking about it and fix it!!!!
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
It's this more a result of the NC decision makers choice to restrict the number of insurance companies allowed to offer plans in our state?
This is because your colleagues in the NC legislature refused to set up a state exchange or expand Medicaid.
Bingo. Let's make it fail and then complain about it failing.
Republican Party in the state of North Carolina and Washington DC are a big part of the reason for this. So are you bragging?
