My premiums have DOUBLED!!  And my deductible is huge!  Something has got to change.
They have been going up, Jill, but they were going up even faster before the ACA. None of the GOP proposals do anything about premiums. 1/
Jeff my premiums have doubled SINCE Obamacare. They have got to do something about this!
I agree that premiums are too high. So are copays and annual limits. Ways to get these down are: Crappier insurance, more taxes on the rich.
And cutting costs of providing healthcare in the first place--probably through single payer or Medicare negotiating price.
That's basically all there is: Worse healthcare (ALL GOP proposals), taxes on the rich, cut some costs (not part of any proposal).
Rather than lowering your premiums, the GOP proposals would raise them DRAMATICALLY, depending on the proposal.
Unless you choose (or have chosen for you) a worse plan with essential benefits cut.
I have a suggestion Senator. READ your Twitter. READ your emails. Your constituents are angry, afraid, and not buying your BS.
I am so tired of you sending me form letters when I specifically mark "no response" 
Get your interns to do better work for you.
Yeah. Enough with the "unsustainable course" routine. We aren't buying it. ACA's somehow better than ever despite GOP sabotage.
I think the ppl who claim ACA ruined their lives are nearly non-existent. One person out of the entire response to this message.
I wonder if the calls and emails have been remotely like this? I expected to wade into a pitched battle not a pitchfork army!
Even more of a reason to demand the call logs
Yes! I have an idea ACA "victims" are as plentiful as "dead people who vote".
Shame on you! You're siding with big pharma, insurance cos, & the 1% not NC! You're not trying to reform. Choose NC not the Pres! #Shame
Big pharma likes Obamacare and hates Trumpcare. I did a whole podcast about it. Nobody but the GOP leaders (donors?) like Trumpcare.
Obamacare has SAVED thousands of ppl lives. YOUR statement is a GOP talking point, nothing more. YOUR vote will adversely..
Bull crap
Not even close! Cannot see or understand what you do not want to see or understand. #GOPCowards failed their constituents
Try being for the people not the party,or you don't have the balls to do that
Are you working to fix and stabilize the ACA? No! Shame! Shame! You are a fraud.
No version of repeal is acceptable, @JeffFlake. This #TrojanHorse bill is no exception. VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL.
You must be deaf to the pleas of your constituents.
No town meetings??? Scared, Tillis?  What is your problem? You should start talking to Sen.McCain. He might teach you a thing or two.
You see insurance as getting better?  I hope insurance goes away!  I can save better than that!
Big insurance Co. Screw the people. You don't buy healthcare they way you buy other commodities. No bargaining power when it's your life!
I hope you consider all of us who will be hurt by a repeal. "A Start" is to have a good solution that is a "net improvement".
And instead of making it better, you made it worse. That's why it failed.
Discuss & debate, but do't repeal today. What you are voting on is a DISASTER.
I look forward to seeing what solutions you have Senator. Lots of nothing so far.

THIS is how YOU and your GOP tribe managed the win 'crafted in secret!'
The ACA was saved by Americans taking action. You voted "yes" four fucking times to repeal it. Get lost Tillis. We won't be needing you.
As usual you let the American people down. How much did charge for this vote?
you really should grow a spine.this bs you are peddling is horrible.The correct way to do this, is to have open debate first and you know it
That is what his message announced. Today's vote was a procedural vote to decide whether or not the Senate will debate the bill.
Wrong, first you have meetings and hearings and expert testimony, then move to debate, this has never been done b4 and is not right
I can't wait until you try to get re-elected. I will do all in my power to stop you.
If you are serious about the fate of ur constituents, consult the AMA and hospitals. Bring them on to design a bill that works for all
If the status quo is unsustainable, then fix it.That's YOUR job, & you are just playing politics as usual by voting for the 2 year repeal
GOP Sen need to be LOYAL to those that voted them in office & repeal Ocare & not BETRAY them to those that didn't and never will! We'll see
Total crap of course.  NC, your State, has over 500K people without adequate health care; and they are not all "of color."
You should fact check your own statement. You are wrong.
We want bipartisan solutions!  Engage democrats and fix ACA!  Country over party, Senator! 
A non for profit healthcare is what everyone wants! But you don't get it! All civilized countries get it but not us. Big pharma needs their$
Please get back to regular order.  Stop skinny repeal and give this country a workable health care system.
So you'll make it harder on is hard working people, remember we will be voting again in the not so far future
You say the same canned crap all the time and don't listen. It's beyond old.
this strikes me as false, esp since no one has seen the plan. you voted to move fwd on what? for what? this process has been authoritarian
His senate run is unsustainable and will be over in 2020 if he dare runs for reelection.
He won't. Already floated the "threat" of not running if he can't make changes. Too bad bc I want the joy of listening to his concession.
saying he won't run again is cowardly. A way to vote against the wellbeing of his constituents. He doesn't care about people, just money
I like you dude, but when are you going to start caring?
Premiums skyrocketed typically, at a higher rate before ACA. That data's easy to get if you care about it. This too http://bit.ly/2s7LfOl 
Listen to your constituents... ACA allowed me to retire early.  House bill is MEAN. Have a backbone & stand up to bullies-- do what is right
Here's my statement.  sign up for trumpcare or vote no.
I approve of her statement
+ you suck
The GOP repeal and replace HCB. Study it wisely. If you hurt the wallets of people they will remember. No re-election. #HealthCareVote
Working hard to remove you from office and return you to your cave.
How about you stop relying on your preconceived notions and acknowledge that North Carolinians don't poll in favor of repeal now?
Don't listen to all these naysayers!  People voted for a repeal.
The ACA has problems, but the GOP plans fix none of them. Fix the problems, don't repeal the ACA. All the #Trumpcare plans suck.
I lost EVERYTHING before AHCA so I literally have NOTHING else to lose Are you ok that for your constituents @SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr
Finally!  A way to move forward.  It's about time!
How can you justify millions losing care per the non partisan CBO! HOW?!
I'm 61, self-employed, and have a pre-existing condition. What's your plan for people like me?
We need healthcare more than the rich needtax cuts. Vote for Tarheels that need healthcare #DoYourJob .
My daughter and grandson live in NC. Please vote no on repeal and replace. You will ruin their lives literally as both have health concerns
I haven't heard any specifics about your ideas for "fixing" it. Are you going to tell us what you plan on doing?
Staffer who monitors this page: Have you read the comments? Is the Senator aware of the count?
You won't be re-elected.

Murkoski has balls. You are a Trumpet.
Fix don't repeal!!
Wish I could vote to take something away from you that you rely on like you just did to millions of American's healthcare.
#TOTALrepealTODAY  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Please and thank you!
please forget party lines and wanting to "win". Remember the people who simply want a fighting chance at life.
those same North Carolina families  wont be any better off with the bill you pushed forward.
You need to get seriously ill. Not have coverage then go bankrupt to have empathy. #healtheACA #SinglePayerNow

I am so sick of having to berate everything you do, but here I am again. You're despicable. Can't wait to vote you out in 2020.
Tarheels need a bipartisan solution.  Please step up and support a bipartisan solution. #ProtectOurCare
You have no interest in healthcare "reform" your interest is tax break for the rich. I wish one of you Republicans would just be honest!
Disagree.
A suggested health care litmus test: insure more, cost less, lower medical costs?
You may notice, tax cuts are not part of the equation.
We are small business owners who have been able to build our business because of the #ACA helping provide affordable healthcare.
Republicans don't help Americans. Republicans help their wealthy friends. The Republican Party is disgusting.
Your vote will help ruin this state. You should feel shame. I know you don't, because you're a republican. Republicans only hurt people.
If the ACA is so horrible, why does NC have one of the highest number of enrollees? Have you spoken face to face with any of them?
When will you ever hold an open town hall, Thom?
remember 2013, when NC refused Medicaid expansion?
Bless your heart, we know you're a con just like Don
For the many not the few?
Jesus keeps forwarding your prayers to me, weird. Anyway, I have your 30 pieces of silver as requested, maybe God was short this week...

If you listened to your constituents you would know this is garbage. The ACA is saving lives, politicians are the ones threatening lives.
Senator Tillis, as your constituent, I beg you to fix whats wrong with ACA. Don't repeal it and replace with the deadly ACHA.
Past time to STOP publishing canned responses, STOP sending form letters & LISTEN to your constituents. Holding real town halls would help.
Disagree
No on Trumpcare, no ACA repeal.

What about the 550,000 in NC who purchase through the exchange & the 200,000 who could be covered through Medicaid? You do NOT represent us!
Some families suddenly had healthcare for the first time! Issue is with insurance and pharma companies! Access to nothing is nothing.
Shame on you. My family, like thousands of others in NC will suffer.  Replace ACA implied you'd do something better.  You haven't.
NC needs Medicaid expansion, empathy & compassion 4 ea. other. Integrity takes courage. Protect Medicaid, vote 4 us. AVL Voter.
What is wrong with you? Sabotaging the ACH for political capital? For tax breaks for the rich? Your constituents will be voting you out! Sad
WHIMPY
Isn't there such a thing as Parliamentary procedure? How can you abolish when there is nothing to replace it? Listen to your constituents
What about all the hard-working NC families that benefited from Obamacare? Are you OK throwing them under the bus? #Deplorable
Will you sign on for the healthcare you will impose on all Americans? Because if you wouldn't let your family use it then why ask ours to?
The #ACA has helped many people !  #NoRepeal !
@SenThomTillis can you get together with our House rep @GKButterfield sometime soon? You could learn a thing or two from him.
Debate it. Let me hear your voice. Then fix the ACA so it works for everyone of your constituents.
Medicaid must stay. No pre-existing conditions.  If this passes, I will die.  I have friends who will die. Listen to your constituents.
Your votes to get rid of insurance for millions shows your lack of concern for Americans. Misery is what you are voting for, not that u care
Vote better to save health care do not bankrupt the people like me. Pancreatic wife 5 yr survivor preexisting clause will bankrupt us.
Are you on crack?
@SenatorBurr We are here! We are here! We are here! And we don't want you to take away our health care! Vote NO!
Those 2 will vote Yes on anything they're told to.
I know it's futile. But I can't remain silent in the face of this disaster.
Shame on you!  North Carolinians need health care. Work to add to / fix OCare, not repeal it!  #VoteThemOut
If you don't get behind @realDonaldTrump & stay w/ him, I'm gonna vote you out, Mr Tillis!!!
You have just sentenced millions to suffer and go bankrupt. You were supposed to serve the public - you only serve Trump.
please help people with pre-existing conditions. please don't take away coverage.
My comment to your statement will be made AGAINST YOU at the ballot box in 2020!
What are your ideas, Senator? Be specific.
Fix it, don't repeal it.
Fix it  don't kill it. almost 34 million people will lose healthcare if you kill it. That will be on YOU. And there is a word for that.
Senator Tillis, please vote NO on repeal of the ACA and work together to strengthen it. I & millions of others will suffer otherwise

What you set the stage for is Trumpcare and tax breaks for the wealthy. We will hang on your name on this disgrace.
You are a liar, sir. The NC legislature prevented Medicaid expansion in NC, and THAT is what failed. We see you & we know when you're lying.
#Shame #SaveACA
Is it true that it's a 10 minute debate before voting? If so, your statement is a joke! That's  no way to honestly work any bill!
We see you, Senator. Open amendment process? Yes, you all have been so open. Looking forward to showing you the door in 2018.

Skyrocketing premiums are because of @NCGOP NOT participating in ACA. Why have you put forth ZERO effort to fix ACA? #healthcare #SaveACA
It's despicable the way the Senate keeps bending the rules to get their way. My children are better behaved than that!
Look at Burr's responses same situation.
Full repeal please!
Hopefully you read the CBO reports!
As NC resident, I ask you to vote AGAINST any bill that strips people of insurance rather than helping more get insured.
Hey @ThomTillis have you ever heard of representational democracy? You are ignoring the "representation" part.
If Trumpcare passes, Mecklenburg County will be most impacted in the nation, w/more than 118,000 people who will lose their healthcare.
Listen to your constituents, like me who call you regularly. The people don't want this. Come up with a plan. #HealthCareForAll
And yet because of this, many in our state are going to lose insurance. I'll remember this forever.
Good to c you voting party over country/constituents. What have you all been doing for the last 8 years? No replacement of any worth. Shame

Your statement is crap and the usual untruthful Republican generalizations.Lots of non Democrats will be working hard to oust you from power
I'm a hard working North Carolinian and I think your vote was immoral. See you in 2018.
You are a Traitor to the people of North Carolina & the Nation, come election time you & #Burr are history
Says the man who doesn't listen to his constituents
Disappointed that you put party before the people who elected you. Never again will I vote for you
Bold, italics, color font, center blocked text. @SenThomTillis doesn't even want you to be able to read this BS. #usability #FAIL
Only an evil person would take Healthcare away from millions.
give us your health care
I know my costs now,  can't wait to see the increase you will personally be held accountable for after your votes. Personally accountable.
Because the correct response is to find a way to increase insurance premiums, way to go #WealthCare
Lying sack of shit.  I love us.
Tillis supports Wealthcare. Trading lives for tax cuts for his campaign donors.
SHAME.  Lies lies lies. Let's be honest. This is not about improving healthcare but about funding a tax break for the rich.
Stupid is as stupid does! Save lives panderer.
Coward
Tillis and his GOP yes voters are a disgrace and hope they lose someone they love because of no health insurance - they are devoid of morals
Shame.
Wow. The response you are getting is OVERWHELMING. Are you listening? I'm 20 replies in, and not one constituent is happy with you on this.
The ACA's the reason that a healthy consumer like me is willing and able to buy comprehensive coverage. Without it I'd be out of the market.
I'm a hard working North Carolinian and this will take away my care. This process isn't a fix and it isn't open. It's a sham. Shame on you.
Don't end healthcare for NC, Senator.
As a small business owner, I can tell you that the ACA has been amazing for my employees. I hope you've prepared your soul for the horrors
Your constituents wanted you to VOTE NO. But thanks for giving us another reason to kick you out next election.
It's easy to score the next votes. "Millions lose coverage" = vote NO! 

Angry Constituent
Please leave Planned Parenthood intact; it serves the health needs of millions of Americans.  Also, pre-existing conditions??
16% approval n u supported something you didn't even read or know the details of. u are an atrocity and I will work tirelessly to get u out.
I'd pay higher premiums to keep 1,348,300 NC souls on health insurance. The Medicare cuts will kill elderly, disabled, children and veterans
You should be ashamed of yourself. Voters will decide your fate at the booth but your god will judge you for what you're doing.
It is impossible to remake 1/6 of the economy on the fly. Only reason to try is to hide  consequences of the bill.
NC suffering was the states decision under the ACA. And the state will suffer further under your leadership. Can't wait to vote you out
such LIES.  Shame on you.
Then make changes to Obamacare! Don't leave people without their healthcare! That is just heartless!
You said any replacement must be a "net improvement" over the ACA. Why vote to proceed without any clue what the bill is?
You will be gone in 2018. I regretted my vote for you today. You have lost my support
If you improved the ACA, I would say go for it. But the GOP has Medicaid cuts, fewer people covered, & tax cuts for the rich. Pathetic!
Fix it. Don't kill it.
When is your re-election? Want to make sure I'm there to vote you out.
Shame on you!
Hope you do your best work to serve your constituents and don't just toe the party line. We all derserve affordable healthcare.
I only wish you were up for reelection in 2018 so we could make our displeasure obvious! We'll be ready for you in 2020.
If ACA is do bad, why are you exempting yourselves? Please answer! Your constituents deserve an answer?
Please do not eliminate ACA. Those with pre-existing conditions need our help #SaveMedicaid #PlannedParenthood
I just left my statement on your voice mail, doofus.
When do you plan to issue a statement on the president's collusion with Russia?
Government has no business in health insurance, repeal Obamacare and be done with it.
It really sucks that you & Burr voted to repeal and don't have anything better in place. Whose best interests do you really have in mind?
SHAME ON YOU
.@SenThomTillis it's unsustainable to vote to destroy 1/6 of the economy without viable replacement health care legislation.
I'm a Raleigh resident.  Your statement about Obamacare is untrue.  Congress should fix the parts that are broken, NOT repeal.
I told u about a patient I had who froze to death d/t neglect-happened before "burdensome" regulations. Sure you'll fix it.
No support from me come Election Day. You are a sham of a senator. You are supposed to care for the people of your state. But you like $$$$
Heed @SenJohnMcCain words... work for the people not the party. Work w/ the Dems... compromise is needed for lasting change & improvements.
What happened to the man that REALLY wanted to do the right thing for NC.  You have sold out the party...and NC pays the price.
Your statement Is so skewed to repeal, w/not one phrase to ackowledge the good parts of the ACA. U ignored us.
You're full of crap! The ACA has been great for millions of people! I will be very sad to lose my coverage!
How can you you possible believe this is the right thing for NC.  Have you looked at our stats?!  You should FIRE you Heath care advisor!
