Where is the moment of silence for all of the black people murdered by cops,the transgender people who've been murdered,or a statement on
Where is the minute of silence for all the people killed by the 20.000+ bombs dropped on the middle east during obama's mandates?
They all deserve a moment of silence,at the very least.
I understand that but you're missing my point. My point is black people are more likely to be killed by cops than white people.
Alright. I don't know who really is more likely to get killed by police, but if more black men are killed, there must be a reason.
Black people are more likely to commit crimes and resist arrest(sometimes using a gun) and fighing back threatening officers' lives.
Your reasoning is flawed. Some of these victims were children. There is no excuse for killing a child.
Hey, don't you start this passive voice crap too.
Delete this and repost with the truth.
A radical Muslim murdered them.
#Disgraceful

Lmao!! Fake news made up out of desperation...
Who are you talking to, xenophobe?
I think I'll be proactive and consider the thousands that may die after you take their healthcare away.
You do know that pharmaceutical agents kill thousands yearly where as natural supplements do not?
Nice way to fall off the topic and make an irrelevant statement.
Hey I'm allowed to express my speech freely, and this isn't as off-topic as you make it to be.
I never said you couldn't express yourself. Talk about pancake recipes if you want.
I have the best pancake recipe, the greatest pancake recipe ever. You'll just at love my pancake recipe.
Store-bought pancake mixes are high in sodium, which is bad for your health.  Make the mix yourself and be healthy, and need less healthcare
I prefer oatmeal myself as long as we are being off topic.

What about the innocent lives that will be lost on ur healthcare plan? Or the LGBT+ ppl who die in conversion camps @VP funds? #hypocrite
How many lives lost to gun violence daily?
To bad you weren't there Lyin Ryan..  maybe if you got a taste of gun violence first hand..the GOP would end being owned by the NRA
RYAN...DO AMERICA A FAVOR...STOP PRETENDING THAT YOU CARE BECAUSE YOU DONT!!!! YOU CARE ONLY ABOUT YOURSELVES....
Guess what it happens every day. Stop the gun violence. We need gun control. #GunControl #gunviolence
But your AHCA will kill thousands. You okay with that?
And thank you for sponsoring rational gun control in response to that horror.
why isnt the president pretending to give a damn about the gay lives lost???
I'd join in support of firearm reform legislation. But you'll never do that
Yes, because it was the inanimate object, not the violent beliefs of the killer. Let me guess: you don't want to be called "Islamophobe."
Actually all ties to foreign entities were unsubstantiated. ISIS ties never existed and it was ruled a hate crime/terrorism. #FactCheck
What exactly did you "fact check"? I never brought up ISIS or foreign ties. His Islamic beliefs inspired him to murder gays. #FactCheck
Violent beliefs are a reference to ISIS, no need to play coy. And his 'extremism' references a linkage to outside influence.
Nonsense. Do you blv only ISIS has violent beliefs & that only outside influences generate extremism. Ur woefully ignorant wrt Islam if so.
I am aware that you continue to change the focus of your anger. Your insistence on attacking a religion is only feeding the hate
Only 1 dancing around here is you. Pulse killer did it because his Islamic faith made him hate gays. Why is that so hard for you to accept?
The deranged leftist shooter who shot you could care less about compassion for the Orlando shooting victims. Dem's invented  hypocrisy.
why haven't you passed smart gun laws to keep these hate crimes from re-occurring?
I would just take a ban of assault rifles, proper background check,  lengthening amount of time to get a gun & link to check mental health.
Join me for a moment to remember RINO @PRyan helped Obama & democrats harm untold millions of US citizens their children, and so many vets
You aren't our friend and you can't sit with us.
Guns. Get a grip on your brain, instead.
While your president plays golf
#MAGA
Considering you would've restricted a vast majority of those victims' marriage and reproductive rights, have a hard time believing this
Restriction = Disinterest/not changing literal millennia of human culture?
Please support some sort of gun control to truly honor the innocent.
Join me in actually doing something about these types of attacks by staring down the NRA
While you're at it, Paul - can you take a moment to publicly stand up for your @POTUS ? Thanks!
For what exactly?
Only a Liberal would need to ask such dumb question. CNN viewer, huh?
Also The millions of people when you take away their healthcare  Paul you are the son of the Devil
And @SteveScalise. Hope his aide's gunshot wounds aren't a preexisting condition, under legislation you pass.
#ethics
Like you give a shit . If you did , you wouldn't terrorize our affordable health care act and sentence people to die under yours.
Get rid of the easy acces to guns & assault weapons.
What do you care??
@No_2_PC A Muslim killed 49 Gays in the name of Islam! Wake Up America! wake Up!
#OneYearTooLate #NiceTry #WhiteMalePrivilege #Liar #PutinsBitch
Very sad when Americans are murdered.
BUILD A WALL   Gays can buy their own guns and bake their own cakes
Doesn't become u paul, Criminal!
Republican senators&congressmen need to stand withTrump or in 2018 we will clean house
Shutdown Mueller withClinton donors onspecial council
You don't care about gay people.
Thanks to RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM.
Paul. I lived through Watergate and I must say yes there was a smoking gun BUT when it became impossible the Republicans stood with Nixon
Like you care  #RepealAndReplaceRyan #FlipTheHouse
People were MURDERED by an ISLAMIC RADICAL that was PROTECTED from FBI by Obama policies. Find your balls.
Smh.  We know your a hypocrite.
And, what kind of terrorist attack was it, @SpeakerRyan?!?  Come on, you can say it!!!
very fake Paul
Paul,Paul,Paul how can anyone possibly take your condolences serious? So very disingenuous.
You know, it's not that Trump is "new to this," he's actually very bad at this. 

And bad for America. 

#SessionsHearing 
#SessionsDay
Shouldn't POTUS be saying this?
It was NOT a terrorist attack! It was one crazy person with a gun that should not have had access to said gun!
LGBTQ and their Allies lives. I realize that part is most difficult for you to say.
Be even nicer..if this tweet came from our so called POTUS
49 innocent LIVES at a gay bar. #equalrights don't blow over that very important fact. This was a hate crime more then a terror attack.
What about all of the American White Nationalist terrorist attacks that have occurred since then. Your words are hollow.
no moments,I'm in MKE, do something to fix it, so my 6yr old isn't next.I want to go to summerfest with him with ZERO chance of death.
Blood on your #NRA financed hands.
Let's remember that your party made it possible with it's homophobic rhetoric and free pass to the NRA
You mean the people you don't think are worthy of marriage?
ENOUGH STOP THE BS INVESTIGATIONS.  END SPECIAL PROSECUTOR AND INTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATORS
like you and your kind care.
#DrainTheSwamp from this snake  #Rino hunt in 2018
Take a moment to remember them, and the THOUSANDS of others who die annually, thanks to the easy accessibility of guns.
do something about guns then hypocrite
Why don't you remember all the American, waiting on you to advance Potus agenda.
Take a moment to ensure murderers don't have guns and you wouldn't have to post as many of these
So why not support LGBT Americans?
I will join you in remembering that you and your buddies are about to screw millions of citizens to help the wealthy get more wealth.
What a hypocrite? You don't care for lgbt community.
How about some common sense gun laws as a memorial?
I'd rather you talk about gun control or charging people with mental Illness more for insurance
you should be a shame
You are such a liar.  You don't care about this and stop pretending you do.
Or 5 only a week ago....guns!!!!!!!!!!! In the same city both by us citizens w/guns
by a Muslim jihadi who was a follower of ISIS
Stop pretending you care Paul.  Your party doesn't protect LGBTQ rights, nor supports gay marriage that is the law of the land.
#It's disheartening to see ur insincere tweet. You certainly don't care for segments of Americans. They don't fit in your religious box. SAD
This guy should have never had access to a gun, not that you're interested in doing anything about epidemic of gun violence. Ur vacuous
Trump or Pence did not recognize Pride day
Please do your job for US NOT FOR YOUR LOBBYING PALS .
Lets also take a moment to think about the countless people that will face death do to your healthcare bill. #dumpryan, #wackhealthcare
I hope for your party to become more supportive of your LGBTQ+ constituents. 
(And not as an anti-Muslim fear tactic).
Get be them the right to carry and defend themselves
@SteveScalise Millions are going to lose there life, with your healthcare, let's pray for them.
And what was the reason for the attack? Guess it's not worth mentioning? Sugarcoat evil... pathetic
And yet you are in the back pocket of the NRA.
You do not give a shit about people, let alone LGBTQIA people!
Gay, they were targeted & murdered for being gay. Don't erase their brotherhood.
If you cared you would pass reasonable background checks, etc., but you clearly don't care!
You must have been reading @washingtonpost. There's no way you remembered that on your own.

You have blood on your hands for those gay lesbian bisexual and transgender people the GOP can't say "gay"
I equate you to being just as bad as the head of Isis
You seem to forget to mention that that was a gay nightclub and they were gay and lesbian clients going there
#islamMurdersGays
will do. Tragic. Paul start pushing to insure it never happens again. Get behind the Pres and sound off for Extreme vetting
Maybe you should pass common sense gun measures to prevent these from happening, cuz your moment of remembrance means nothing
Your remembrance means nothing. Your actions have shown your true colors.  History will remember you unkindly.
Lol because you care sincerely when people who aren't old, rich, white, straight men die
Your history of LGBT actions, take away any sincerity of this tweet. Would your attitude charge if one of your kids was gay?
Why are you pretending to care?
#guncontrol
Please. You'd wipe us all out if you could.
It has been one year since I started calling @KenCalvert and he has done nothing to help LGBTQ people nor to enact sensible gun control.
We don't need more infringements we need to do away with GFZ
@KenCalvert Thanks for your thoughts, but you are complicit in their murders thanks to your history of homophobia.
It would mean a lot more if your VP wasn't such a homophobe Paulie.
Instead of a moment of silence - which is great for "feelings" but accomplishes nada - perhaps you could get national recognition for CWP?!?
You don't mean this @SpeakerRyan rings hollow. Also 3 dead US Servicemen. Still nothing from POTUS. Crashing weddings and playing golf.
And they were gay and proud...something you don't believe in...and a demographic your party alienates.
Now support the LGBT community.
I JOIN THE CITIZENS OF THE USA WHO HOLD YOU ACCOUNTABLE FOR THESE MASSACRES BCZ YOU DON'T OBEY THE SOVEREIGN WILL OF WE THE PEOPLE
GAYS KILLED FOR ALLAH BY A  DEMOCRAT MUZZY WHO WAS THEN PUBLICALLY THANKED BY KILLERY.Say it @SpeakerRyan & ponder what it means.
Jerk.
Yeah, a single moment is all you can muster, then back to business of destroying hope for the sick and elderly!
Sure as you strip the #LGBT community of their rights. Keep your hollow sentiments.
You dishonor their memory with your dream of taking away healthcare from 23M and denying civil rights via anti-gay legislation.
Hypocrite
And the terrible attack on Americans with illnesses they'll no longer be able to live through thanks to your indifference to healthcare.
Mr Speaker, we all remember, but if you don't grow a pair and help dump Trump millions of innocent people could die from this fools antics.
They weren't lost, they were there, dead on the floor. Right where that Islamic terrorist had shot them. Grow a pair, congressman.
Mr. Speaker. Are the Republicans the majority party. If I did not know any better I would think not. At least TRY and Support # 45. !!!!
Want to save lives? Address gun control and let people keep their health care.
They weren't LOST
They were TAKEN
#FFS #Orlando
Aren't these the same people you'd take rights from if they were still alive?
What about the 24 million that will lose Healthcare under #Trumpcare 3.0? You plan is corrupt and shameful. Needs to be vetted before vote
Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor Russia Russia connection tax returns traitor
oh I bet you're sad, even though it's kind of your fault.
Hypocrite, were is legislation to protect all rights?
What have you done to address one-a-day mass shootings in the year since #Pulse?
I'm mourning the millions of Americans who will be denied healthcare because of GOP policies. The dead are dead. How many will die from AHCA
RESIGN TRAITOR
Like you give a damn about gay lives.
You're such a beta disappointment.
"Lost"? Don't you mean "Murdered by another angry Muslim."

We finally have control of the 3 branches w an alpha at top and then there's you
U still let terrorists buy guns
there was a cover up Paul. Hillary &Obama have crimes that need investigating. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT DJT PAUL!!WE ARE MILLIONS
Is that all your going to give is a moment...shame on you...hope you didnt give the sign of the cross...hypocrite

You're such a hypocrite, you people up there don't care for all the people that died! You just want to   ur human and have feelings! 
It would take someone whose soul hasn't died to be compassionate toward them. Hint::: You are not it. 
If it were up to you, they and all of their brothers and sisters would never have gotten the right to marry.
RIP,...to each one of them!!!  Rev. Pat Neary, Lt., USA, Ret.
Don't het wash this. 49 QUEER and LATINX lives. This was an attack on the LGBT community. Stop erasing us!
Stop pretending you care. Many people will lose their lives under the Republican Trumpcare proposal.
Damn Ryan u r really running for President in 2020, Well,Ur not going to be President,it's not meant for everyone
Speaker, if you don't stop the Russians from hacking again, what happens when others do the same, like North Korea? Next it'll be against u.
Perhaps you could truly honor victims of violence by not normalizing that behavior?
#NotTheEnemy
.@dccc hits Gianforte (metaphorically though, not the way he choke-slammed that reporter)... 
Say it. LGBTQ human beings were gunned down. Acknowledge the hate people like yourself promote.
4 dead in Iraq! Bengazi?? once your admin is through more will die#urAfarce #OrlandoStrong  Stop radicalism with your corruption
RIP Orlando.  Will you do the same @PaulRyan, every day in years to come, remembering those who die w/o healthcare?  #ACA #USuck
you use the most vulnerable people for your agenda and turn around and call them entitled&criminal You are evil and need a nose job#ponocio
Your sympathy is fake & the fact you are faking this type of sympathy while at the same time representing the people who hate LBGT, is vile.
How about we join you in passing tighter gun control and LGBT protections in their memory instead?
Your party demonized the LBGT community!  Your base shows up at military funerals with "God hates gays" posters (and use far nastier slurs)
Isn't your job to get Republicans
To unite and move forward.
If so why should we vote for Republicans.
I put too much faith in Republicans
When did the GOP become North Korea?
Spare us the false sympathy. You and your ilk couldn't give a shit about us.
While you're remembering those souls reflect on all the lives you've ruined and are ruining with travesty of GOP policies
As if you truly care. Mere lip service. Do something about gun control. Are u man enough to stand up?
Everyday 90 Americans are killed in the US by gun violence.  Gun violence in the US is the threat that must be addressed.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ


Hey here's And idea, Paul. How 'bout you actually do something about it?
This doesn't sound like your folks in the GOP. Stuff it!!! 
Stunning Hypocrisy.
Let's take a moment to remember that every one of those 49 voices would tell you to get bent.
Let's also remember why that nightclub was targeted.  But the fact that you commented at all is something.
Join me in taking a moment to point out the head of your party @realDonaldTrump failed to name June #LGBTQ  month 
Take a look in the mirror. Your antigay rhetoric and antigay rhetoric of the @GOP is a major reason why #LGBT folks are targeted. #pulse
Yeah remembering then by trying to take away what little rights they have fought so hard to have
