As your constituent, I ask that you vote against this. Want to know why? Let's discuss. Townhall perhaps?
I, too, request you vote against this, and believe a townhall would bevan excellent forum!
There should be public hearings and town hall meetings. The BCA is bad for the most vulnerable in NC.
@SenThomTillis -- I've read the bill and reviewed the revision. As your constituent, I ask you to vote no!
BCA- What part of unworkable don't you understand?
Fix what's wrong with ACA but do not completely repeal. That's irresponsible. Do your job for all people not just the rich. And No WALL !!!
I'm assuming you'll be holding a town hall to hear from your constituents? It's the right thing to do. You represent us all.
The only way to fix this is regulate costs. 90K for hip replacement is not sustainable.
Ok buddy, if any North Carolinian had your recent hospital stay-what would their doc bill look like? Here's what you are supporting! #voteno
@SenThomTillis letter from insurers claiming the bill you support will hurt more than help. @SenatorBurr (via @TopherSpiro )
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr  page 2.  @NC_Governor has stated this will not only hurt north carolinians but Americans!! #voteno #donoharm

Pls rt- 202 224 3121 Ask your Senator to vote NO-Parents like me shouldn't have to fight for our child's #healthcare 
The changes made to the health care bill still leave a wrecking ball of a proposal; get down to NC and explain why you wish for this mess
Shame on you. I know that you have spoken to parents whose children will be impacted by this bill. Can we stop pretending you are prolife?
Can we have a conversation about it via in person town hall? It'd be great if you'd do your job and hear your constituents' opinions.
Complete repeal and start fresh. # you promised.
You really want better care and lower costs? Abolish health insurers and implement single-payer. No one should profit from out sickness.
Vote no on this bill. It is terrible for your constituents whom you represent.
Senator Tillis, there are two major flaws in this bill:  Allowing Junk Insurance, and Block Grants to states for Medicare.  #Bad4NC
WHY DO YOU WANNA END OUR LIVES?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't the idea to cover more people? How is taking away coverage to lower premiums better over all?
Obamacare gave me healthcare and you're trying to make it harder for me to access.  How does that help me?
Obamacare is not in a death spiral as u all claim. Stop sabotaging it & work at fixing it. No one wants ur plan. 
#VoteNo
#NoBCRA

NMs are speaking out against devastating impact of #TrumpCare. Republicans should be listening to their stories #AmericaSpeaksOut:
Are u keeping track of calls? It is obvious from responses here that NC voters want a No vote. 

Voters, pls call him 202-224-6342.
I've tried calling and emailing, but @SenThomTillis  clearly doesn't care about what the people of NC want. He should be ashamed of himself.
Senator, the new version does nothing to change massive cuts to Medicaid, on which vulnerable NCians--kids, ppl w disabilities--rely.
he clearly doesn't care
Why do you want to hurt your constituents? Vote No #ACA
fully aware of what your constituents want, don't care. I'd have more respect if u said, "BCHA is horrible but screw u, I'm voting yes."
Taking away billions of dollars for the needy & poor is not "better care"!!! Giving tax breaks to rich & taking for poor makes no sense!!! 
Senator Tillis, with respect, the repeal & replace paradigm is based on a lie, and has wasted taxpayer $$ & legislative time.
http://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/insurers-tear-into-latest-health-care-bill-as-unworkable/ …
I understand that you'll be exempt from this atrocity you plan to inflict on us. Self-serving much?
Vote NO on the latest version of the ACA healthcare repeal bill. The new changes look like pork barrel for Senators who have elections soon.
Who wrote the statement? AFP? They just told your staff what to tell you to say & you do as you're told.  2020 can't get here soon enough.
If you think these changes are in the best interests of your constituents, you are woefully misinformed and not listening #BCRA #wevotetoo
@SenatorBurr please vote "NO" on the SBCA. We need 2 take care of our elderly w/disabled& poor who work but can't afford ins.
NC mother with preexisting cond., raising a family. Alive because I can get care when I need it. Cruz amend. would destroy us. So, thanks...
Hundreds of replies to this and how many support your position? Almost 0. Listen to your constituents. Where is your public service ethic?
Please beware the Cruz amendment.  If healthy people buy sub-prime coverage and sick people buy prime coverage, what happens to premiums?
Also stop with the fake ACA death spiral nonsense. The sound byte might play well for the TV, or the uninformed, but it is petty and cheap.
And what does it do for preexisting conditions, lifetime caps? How does it affect employer based insurance?
Your true statement better reflect your constituents wishes or we will replace you.
Fix & repair the ACA.  We are not complicit.
#wecare
Are you listening to your constituents or just your corporate donors? This bill is a sham & will hurt real people - vets, disabled, elderly!
Read the responses to your statement. Not one in support including this one. Your constituents want a NO!
Instead of focusing on a lesser bill that supports the elite, the senate should be focused on making amendments to the existing ACA. 3/3
The Affordable Care Act is not meant to be the end all be all bill on health care, it is to be revised as we develop better options. 2/3
This bill is not in the best interest of your constituents, it will cost us in lives lost due to  lesser or no coverage. 1/3
The ACA saved lives, but I doubt you want that.
Trading lives for tax cuts. Wealthcare or Trumpcare. Nothing to do with health or care, just a tax cut. Own it.
If you vote for this bill, I will assume you're counting on #putinstyle #riggedelections because that's the ONLY way you'd "win" next time!
Opposed by AARP, AMA, Amer Hosp Assoc, Amer Cancer Soc, Natl Dis Rts Assoc, Childrens Defense Fund. Maybe u shd find out why! Pls vote NO!
Repeal barrycare and get the the gov out of healthcare. The gov. Never operated anything right. If so please show proof.
I am one of your constituents. If you vote for this, I will dedicate time and money to making sure you lose your next election
If it's so darn good, why did they exempt themselves?
Now that McConnell conveniently forgot to submit Cruz's amendment to CBO, I take it you will be voting NO to this travesty of a bill.
People over party Mr Tillis.
Your support of #GOP #HealthcareBill is not a leadership quality.  NC needs someone who stands up for its citizens & not a #GOP toady.
Get it done & pass to debate
Deathcare is still Deathcare.  GOP will own this horror.  You can put lipstick on a pig.....
Spare me! We KNOW you want to kick millions off of healthcare! Don't bullshit us. We're watching.
you are making a mistake if you pass this! Your priority should be the people you work for NOT The GOP or POTUS!!
WHY ARE YOU CUTTING VETERANS BENEFITS?  UNEMPLOYABILITY IS CRUCIAL FOR US WHO ARE REHABING
I appreciate your willingness to work on a bipartisan bill but it needs to start now versus ramming this bill thru. #resist
Support Healthcare for All Americans.  The time has come to cut out the middleman (health insurance industry).
No on Trumpcare
As your constituent, I expect you to vote NO on this newest version. Still removes people/kids from insurance. People will die.
He's not caring about calls. And his offices are very hard to get through to
As a rebubs Ivan Ur job depends not repealing ACA. Make ACA better. As a pancreatic cancer spouse 5 years survivor u better not repeal.
Every time you clowns add something it makes costs go up, not down, the only help for the ACA is to get govt out of the healthcare business
Terrible bill! Guts 50 year old Medicaid entitlement for poor, disabled, mistreated children. Not an Obama creation. Cruel!!!
Please let me know when you're fulfilling the campaign promise of working for families with disabled children, because a yes vote is not it.
I am ashamed that you are from NC.  You don't represent us at all.  What a loser.  Karma will visit you.
.  You hope your colleagues will support you?  What about your constituents?  You are a follower, not a leader of people.

32 #cancer orgs, representing pts & providers, ask Senate to vote NO on #BCRA. Add your voice, call Senators. (844) 257-6227 #ProtectOurCare 
Repeal it or don't come home @SenThomTillis
Thank you! We need to kick the freeloaders off their Obamma care. #KickThemOff #RepealAndReplace
No. I reject this bill. You know it's bad, I know it's bad, the entire country knows it's bad. Don't pretend you're doing something good.
Just be honest. You like rich folks like yourself & you don't respect the poor. Your legislative decisions reflect these views. #BCRA #GOP
Looking forward to CBO report. This looks like a dial up of poor wrongheaded legislation. As a NC citizen it's a Nay so far.
Here's what I look forward to: you coming to NC to talk face to face w/your constiuents to ask what we need 4 #healthcare. #VoteNoBCRA
That's NOT gonna happen!  Village fools voted the charlatan in and could care less about the average to poor citizen thinks. Always has/will
Why are senators exempt from some of the changes your party is proposing for the American people?  And it still cuts Medicaid.  Vote no!
Vote No. Tally your constituent phone calls. We want you to vote NO.
you incld an amendment stating you don't have to subscribe so if trump gop care isn't good enough 4 you, it isn't good enough for us either.
Did you ask us your constituents?
Senator please. As a lifelong Republican and resident of NC, REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL!  The voters see through the Congressional foot-dragging
You think a "meaner" bill is better than the "mean" bill?
Do not vote yes on a bill that will result in 15 million people losing health insurance and punish those with preexisting conditions.
If you cared about your constituents even a little bit you would vote no
The revised bill is still draconian.  Do the Handicapped, Poor and Elderly need to have an Opioid addiction to receive care?
Let's do the right things for Americans.  Just because this is hard doesn't mean we leave Americans without Health Care.  Do the right thing
You know this is terrible for your people, Thom. Party before people. Sad sad sad.
Why is your healthcare exempt from this  bill. Shame on you for supporting this and our tainted president.
What about pre-existing conditions? What about healthcare for rural, at-risk kids dependent on Medicaid? This is an easy no.
The people of NC say no. That should be what you are reviewing. It's no improvement when many are at risk of losing care right here in NC.
Please think of your constituents and vote no. This bill will bankrupt and kill us.
Damn Tillis!!  No one likes this bill!! Even bat shit crazy just repeal fools
All for reducing the deficit and a tax-giveaway.  We know who you stand with - it's not your constituents.  #nobrca #repealandreplacetillis
Would you let your children, or grand children use it?  I highly doubt that.  Go back and try again.
cuts to #PlannedParenthood hurt women, even if only for a year.  More teen moms, more STDs, less pre-natal care. @SenatorBurr
creates 2 HC markets, one for the sick, one for the healthy.  #NorthCarolina believes we stick together, one country. #nobrca @SenatorBurr
cuts to nursing home services, and nursing homes (I thought you supported small business?) #nobrca @SenatorBurr
Is this as good as what you have?  If not, go back and try again.
Still detrimental to the weakest population you are supposed to be protecting.   Poor children elderly and disabled.  Why do u want to harm?
The bill makes health care un-affordable for sickest and most vulnerable.  There may be cheaper plans, but w/o reasonable coverage. #nobrca
This bill approves a slush fund that attempts to fix problems the bill causes & gives @SecPriceMD nearly unilateral decision-making...
...on what happens with the fund.
By leaving it up to states to decide abt keeping essential health benefits it leaves NC in the lurch re maternity/child, mental health....
...chronic disease mgmt etc. You CANNOT fight opioid epidemic wo mental healthcare.
NC did not expand Medicaid & I have no faith that they won't refrain from eliminating essential health benefits.
I've cared for 100s & 100s of patients & I have no faith that @NCLeg will make the right choices for my patients this time either.
You must vote NO for this bill. Healthcare providers understand what it does far better than you. If you talked to us, you would understand.
Bipartisan? Most of the time you don't even support your own party. This bill is worse than all before.
The president promised - repeatedly - better coverage and cheaper coverage. This does the opposite! If you can't beat ACA make ACA better.
Fixing the ACA is the only reasonable solution. Do the right thing for NC, 
@SenThomTillis @SenatorBurr
Vote no, as the majority of North Carolinians want. Country before party.
This type of governing is below BARE MINIMUM and I want to know when you're going to STOP ignoring your CONSTITUENTS. I'm calling every day.
It's time for you to listen to your constituents! There's only a 12% approval rating for this bill! Keep working on it to make it better!
You should be thinking I'm pleased that there's "no need of funding because we've lowered the the cost to nearly nil for insurance". Idiots
Listen Tillis, you're not suppose to be happy with " more funding to help control the rising costs of premiums " ?
Read closer. Medicaid cuts are still in place that will throw millions of citizens off of good Healthcare. Will kill 1000s. Vote No!
Pathetic. Sellout. If you don't vote no on #Trumpcare, I will vote no on your 2020 reelection bid.
The ACA helped many people, but not everyone. Keep what is good, fix what needs fixing. This Senate Bill does NEITHER!!!  Please vote NO!!!!
Entire process has been a sham so far and you know it.
Terrible bill, opposed by the vast majority of Americans and nearly everyone with any knowledge of the health care industry. Vote NO
AGAIN done Bhind closed doors w/o input from the health care community or Dems. THIS IS STILL A HUGE TAX CUT 4THE RICH,MCCONNELL BRIBING GOP
Gimme a break, @SenThomTillis :  you're gonna vote yes without reading it.
Really? You think this will be better? Stand for your constituents not big insurers! #TrumpDoesntCare  #GOPHypocrites
Your continuing to call it Obamacare shows your prejudice. You are incapable of putting ordinary Carolinians first before petty politics
This version of the BCRA is worse. Listen to your constituents. Please vote NO.
How about Medicaid? And let's wait and see what the CBO says about access, costs, etc.
Candidly I don't think you're capable of being unbiased. For 8 years Republicans refused to recognize the many people benefited from the ACA
Amen
I'm already voting hm out. His lack of response and refusal to meet constituents face to face is telling.
This constituent wants you to VOTE NO!  Trumpcare is a tax cut for the rich.
perhaps you should follow the example of senator Collins and reject this flawed bill and work with Dems and Reps to make a better act
Maybe better - but wow - that's a really low bar! Stop all this partisan maneuvering to repeal ACA.  Work together to improve healthcare.
You're gonna end up like Dole and McCrory, you bum..!!
how bout adding an amendment that forces congress to accept trumpcare as there own?
So Thom? Town hall meetings or not? What are you afraid of? It’s your responsibility! You work for US remember?
The refusal to hold a town hall just makes people angrier. I'm so mad .
If you're so unhappy with Obamacare repeal it!!!!
As your constituent I want to tell you not to support this awful bill...but you'd support it anyway.
Thinking this bill is even remotely in the interest of your constituents is both wrong and sad.
Are you for the #FULLRepeal of Obamacare? Yes or No, @SenThomTillis
This bill makes HC prohibitively expensive for low wage earners & 55+. If u support this bill and it passes you will lose in 2020.
Work for the people of North Carolina -- Not IBM -- You bum -- No on H-1B
So town hall meetings to get constituent input Senator? Are you going to answer my question or not? Your staff couldn’t when I called.
Single payer the answer, GOP repeal & replace language is disguise for cutting services,  Fix ACA in bipartisan manner. I am a constituent
Quit rushing this thing through. Allow town halls , expert testimony. What is the @SenateGOP  trying to get over on the American public?
The updated version will harm so many.  Single payer...I am your constituent!
Senator, may I ask how spending MORE money is a "good thing"?  There is nothing "Better" about this.  We didn't elect Paul Ryan as POTUS.
Refusal to guarantee reimbursements is a key reason the ACA has suffered. Your bill justified by a lie. So disappointed in GOP
Vote NO
Fix & repair the ACA. 
#WeWillReplaceYou 
Change the name to Trumpcare if--
Obama name is your only gripe. Look deep. It's there.
So....amend the ACA, stop looking at it as a failure. Why must the GOP keep rolling out a sub par bill when you have roots to work with?
shame on you. This bill does nothing to improve costs or access to care and you know it.
the GOP Death Panel
We want better than just lower premiums, and the public will not be fooled by that statistic alone. That is no victory.
One word: MEDICAID #NoAHCA
"Anything for 50" Tillis no wonder you can't look your constituents in the eye.
U know what it sounds like 2 me. It sounds like 2 me you've made up your mind.  I don't like that. I don't like u thinking about voting aye.
SIR this bill is still terrible please don't be like this
