We promised to replace Obamacare with solutions to provide more choices and flexibility for families and individuals. (2/4)
I’m disappointed today’s vote was unsuccessful and we cannot accept the status quo as Obamacare continues down an unsustainable path. (3/4)
Congress has an obligation to keep pursuing solutions to fix our nation’s broken health care system. (4/4)
yyes,And You Should Be In Washington, working on these things instead of going home for a months leave!
You're letting down your constituents. Voting you out. And giving all my time and money to your opponent. Old white men. #smh
AND WHAT HAPPENED? More effort should be made to get congress in line with #American values. #USA can't fight war against 3 nations
#MAGA
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenThomTillis is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
What McCain said.
I don't want to hear anything from you since you don't want to ever listen to your constituents. You let the people of NC down last night 
And let me clarify - we needed a no vote on the skinny bill. We need y'all to work together to improve healthcare for all.
And your yes said you don't care anything about the people of North Carolina.
So do you disagree with this chart - https://tinyurl.com/y8mrab3e  in regards to # uninsured? Also, do you disagree with AHIP's letter?
It's as if they're tone deaf. Clearly the people of NC don't agree with your vote. TO WHOM ARE YOU LISTENING???? Certainly not us.
How about what the people of North Carolina want?
Your last vote was for a plan that would have cost many NCians to lose health coverage and caused elderly and handicapped to suffer! SHAME!
I told Trump not to depend on McCain...McCain is bought off by Soros and the Democraps... when you people gonna learn.
So far you have failed on healthcare, tax reform and infrastructure- time for a new team
You're not listening!!!!
No, as I recall, Trump promised a replacement for ObamaCare that was even better.  Your replacements would throw 20+ million off insurance!
Please stop you are looking a lot like Don Quixote swinging at windmills go talk to the Dem work it out like grown ups!
You were OK with employer plans having lifetime caps and/or no essential benefits coverage? You voted yes to more suffering & bankruptcy.
You are pathetic. Thank God every day for gerrymandering. You depend on it.
Represent your constituents!  83% of the US is against it!!!!!!!  Quit with the bullshit lies and do what the people you represent want!
I appreciate your goals. Why didn't you vote for bills that would do that? You voted for bills that would raise premiums & reduce choice
Keep plugging Senator!
You should JUST REPEAL OBAMACARE. Let free market back and let each state handle heathcare. Fed Gov knows nothing abt healthcare.
Yes - but I'd prefer you now work with Dems to fix the system we have. Lost interest in repeal. Prefer fix.
If it's broken, FIX IT! If it breaks from now on, it's trump's & UR fault 4 not appropriating enuf $ 2 it & 4 NOT FIXING it
You gentlemen also promised to fix the VA health care system, and one choice program.  Congress still hasn't accomplished anything of help!
I think it's time to give up on a Republican solution that fulfills none of your promises. Work with Democrats to improve ACA.
What a joke. You're not interested in actually helping North Carolinians.
To those wanting to keep Obamacare, they do know the VA is a single payer system. Is what they really want?
Get real
 Give Americans the same Healthcare you and your Congressional associates get, not a stripped down parody of ACA.
Your "solution" would have increased premiums even more. Quit trying to push these lies and work with people who know how to improve ACA
Resign. Please. You obviously do not care about us.
Quit sabotaging the ACA.
You made a promise to the 1% and your corporate masters to kill Obamacare & GIVE THEM A HUGE TAX BREAK, not to the middle class. Quit lying!
Brainless drone....
You made a promise to PROTECT the American people. Fix the ACA, don't sabotage it!
Clearly mostly libs following you. As one of your conservative voters  in 2014, I've had it w all of ya. Will support your primary opponent
Vut it does not do that. Read bill vefore forcing down North Carolinas throat
As one of your older constituents, all I can say is thank god you failed.
shame that others in the Senate didnt take off their rose colored glasses to make their decision, ACA is a failed piece of legislation
Sorry sir but I've begged you for the opposite by email and fax numerous times. Your failure DIDN'T LET ME DOWN. Am I not part of America?
I'm your constituent & I asked you by email to vote against repeal and current replacement options that frankly STINK. NOW FIX ACA. HELP us!
No problem with this providing u can actually accomplish your goal but  1 of the reasons u can't agree is that u can't do it. Face the fact.
I just want you to know Senator that it's not that Twitter is skewed to one direction... it is that you are immensely unpopular.
So where is that bill because that not what just got voted down.
As a NC constituent, i am appalled that you seem so proud of your Yes vote. It certainly wasn't cast as REPRESENTING your state's voters.
You voted yes on a bill that would have caused premiums to spike 20% and 16 mil. to lose care. How was that in keeping with your promise?
Every constituent on this thread needs to write & put these comments ON THE RECORD
Use @botresist it only takes a minute to fax his office
GOP has been happy to hand a tax cut to the donor class over the dead bodies of their constituents.  We are not stupid down here in NC.
So come up with a well devised plan that works for all of us! You have been just following @GOP leadership and NOT standing up for #NC
I don't see any comments from NC voters who agree with your health care votes. So who are you representing, Sen. Tillis?
Support #SinglePayerNow #medicaidforall
After 100 amendments to ACA, your party refused to vote for it. So now you get to fix it. The town halls will be remembered in 2018. #FLIPNC
You should take note of Senator McCain's speech. Please lead by working across the aisle to develop policy that actually improves health!
Why do you hate pregnant women? The elderly? The sick? The poor?
Please stop trying to kill off your poor constituents.
Listen to us! We don't want R&R. We want  you and @GOP to stop sabotaging #aca and make it the strongest system it can be!
I promise my time canvising against you in 2020.  NC deserves better. #DoBetter #MedicareForAll
Get government out of health insurance. Set regulations that encourages competition. We don't want a repeat of Venezuela here in NC.
Thanks for not pulling a "Murkowski" with NC Constituants!!!
Leave healthcare alone. Do good for a change. Any regular job and you and the entire GOP would be fired for lack of performance.
And you failed miserably. We expect you to put on your big boy pants, work with the Dems, and amend the ACA. If it implodes so will the GOP
Where is your moral compass? Providing cvg. 4 everyone as a basic right or only for those that want it, until we end up paying for them too?
Still waiting to hear why we have to repeal ACA instead of fix.  Give me one reason that doesn't come back to "Obama did it"
If the American people was your main priority instead of GOP perhaps you would have Voted No last night. Work to fix the ACA!
I'm appalled that you had the gall to vote to take healthcare away from your constituents just to vote the party line!
Yeah and you all failed miserably, but you seem to have all the effort in the world to screw Trump. Pathetic.
Why not repair instead of repeal? Unless u just want 2 erase all things Obama, like Trump. That's petty. When r u going 2 hold Trump 2 acct?
What you SHOULD be doing is working with Dem's and listening to constituents. But you won't. #arrogant #pathetic #stupid
And what your tried to pass last night would cut subscribers and drive premis UP! You don't even know what the hell you're doing. #pathetic
Um Senator- you had no solutions! You voted to gut #ACA with no viable alternative. That's stupidity! #pathetic #VoteHimOut
Walk your ass across the aisle and fix what's in place. I know it kills you that it started as a dem plan, make it your own. Make it better
Get the insurance co. to truly justify the big yearly increases, like you did for the Epipin? Fix what is broke not what isn't.
You do nthing for the people of our state when U get in line &follow McConnell & trump.  Pls be aware your 1st term may well be yr last.
Why don't you try and fix  the ACA instead of spewing trump sound bites.
Oh, stop it puhleaze..
You have anobligation to your constituents to work together in a democratic way to fix the ACA.  In public with hearings.  Disgraceful
Assumed is that some kind of quality coverage would be available without interruption. What pray tell does the new coverage look like?
My native state is NC, I appreciate your stance.
BS.
Is it 2020 yet?
#ORRA would have left 32M Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $842B, doubled premiums, and eliminated subsidies.
#ORRA would have left 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
None of that says lower costs or more choices. If your bill really was #BetterCare, you wouldn't have to lie about it.
So why didn't you do it??
You mean you promised to raise money for the rich! You didn't try to replace you tried to repeal and kill
And yet your only solutions would have ended up making premiums higher for the American people and your constituents. So shush already.
Just give Americans #MedicareForAll . Why are you all such abject failures at your jobs? As human beings?
I can not WAIT to vote you out of office. We did it to one term pat and I can't wait to give you the same treatment.
"One-term Thom" has a nice ring to it!
Tissue?
YES American people not just people who voted for you or people who are against anything associated with Obama.
Please help us provide easier access to more effective and more affordable mental health and substance use disorder treatment.
I am your constituent and I am disappointed in you. You chose party over the American people. You will be repealed and replaced.
Exactly and so far nobody has a better plan. Go back to drawing board with both party input. Instead of focus on destroying it try repairing
I will send you my daughters chemo bills. No Medicaid. I work for a living in the medical field. Bs someone else.
I'm a constituent. Your "bill" was a phoned-in, hack job. An absolute dereliction of duty.  You have nobody to blame but yourself/ @GOP
The people want ACA FIXED.  bipartisanship is called 4 or u will keep failing.  listen to your constituents!!!!!
ACA didn't do as well as it could have in NC because @NCLeg failed to expand Medicaid, corporate greed & sick population...
...I don't know who you're listening to but it's not constituents. Here's proof: https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/north-carolina-aca-competitiveness.pdf …
Hey a-hole, did you actually tally up the cards, letters & calls to your office?  Nah, of course not.  You're gone in 2020!  Cannot wait.
You voted for a non-existent replacement that the @GOP had 7 years to "fix". HOW DARE YOU pretend to be looking out for #NC? #Shameful
Ok.  Do it the smart way.  Cooperate, compromise, is that too much to ask?
Well I'm disappointed that you were ok w almost 600,000 North Carolinians losing their healthcare from this repeal if it had gone through.
It is the present Republican lack of sense that made me switch from 30 years of being Republican to Independent status. #Bye2018
You stay embarrassing the citizens of NC. I'm disappointed you're our senator. Go figure.
Senator, Campaign slogans and unilateral mandates failed. Medical costs not insurance costs need to be the focus. Cooperation, less slogans.
Please do it!!!!!!!
Maybe if you call it ACA and maybe if you fix it instead of perpetuating @GOP hate and disdain, we would all be better off.
We don't want you to keep your promise to deny 500,000 NC citizens healthcare. We, like 70% of this country, want you to fix ACA.
& make a sensible level of care accessible. Low-cost premiums w/ high deductibles & limited services do no good. So don't forget that part.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156179942762908&id=9124187907 … Are you watching this?!? He's kicking your butt everyday!!!
#SinglePayer
Bipartisanship
Medicaid expansion would be wonderful. I have retractable epilepsy & soon to be on my third medication. Thank god for medication assistance
You need to rephrase that statement to the Republicans who voted for me" instead of "the American people!" The majority WANTS Obamacare!
If any of those proposals was your idea of a solution I think someone more qualified should be doing your job.
A LIE this egregious will NOT be forgotten by voters.
And be honest, you're gonna try and meet that goal regardless of who you harm in the process. Stop being a patsy. Stop being a Richard (Burr
Senator Tillis, you are my Senator. Maybe remove head from ass and listen to McCain. Bipartisan repair is needed instead of spite.
Republican politicians have lied for 7yrs about a clean repeal & replace of Obamacare. It's now obvious repeal was NEVER their intent.
Tired of hearing about your promises! Start taking care of NC Residents and forget replace and repeal!
And you and the failed .@GOP have proposed exactly ZERO such solutions.  You care not a whit for your constituents.
How many NO votes do you need to see the majority of the country don't want it repealed, they want it fixed.  Wake up!
Hate to break it to you. I'm a fiscal conservative and it's clear to me that single payer is the only viable solution. Accept it.
Senator Tillis, these tweets are full of lies and misrepresentations as you well know.  It's time to DO BETTER for NC and the nation.
Stop calling it Obama Care and call it the ACA. Stop trying to replace it with something that has a Rep. name on it. Amend what's in place.
I think that's PP ACA.
So you voted for multiple bills that would do none of that? You don't care about people, you care about party and money. It's over in 2018.
We will remember your vote in 2020.
I have a plan! Finally got it to a lobby firm in DC. If interested,follow me and I will PM it to you!
We don't want that promise.
The Senate looks like a civil war reenactment - brother against brother. Stop the party politics and do this the right way. Work together
The CBO said that premiums would rise 20% per year under the "skinny version" and you still voted for it.  #dobetter
That's right! And prems in NC would rise 2nd highest in US. Prems for those 60+ would rise the MOST in the nation. But Sen Tillis voted YES.
Congress has an obligation to debate legislation that will affect 1/6 of the economy in the open, not in the cover of night.
I guess you forgot that they took over 1/6 of the economy in the cover of night
Final vote for the ACA took place mid-afternoon
That's a lie
Why not focus on health care costs instead of health insurance cost?
20% corp/flat tax. ONE $10K HC deduction, $0 tax bill under $50K, no employee FICA, prefunded HSAs for all children.
Nothing you proposed would do anything of the sort.  Name one single goddamn thing that would have helped people.
