May they sleep sweet.
When I was stationed at Ft. Bragg, my First Sgt. always reminded me that Airborne Soldiers help the angels guide souls to heaven. See ya.
@RNicholsonJr what was the first sgts name?
My grandfather was a retired Master Sgt in the Airborne
I love American army and Mr trump also
Much respect . . . #heroes
Hmmm... So sad to lose brave men.. America will always remember you two as heroes..rest easy soldiers.. Hoorah

Yes. #RIP to these men and healing thoughts to the others injured in the blast.
“@82ndABNDiv: Gone too soon. ”

Both better patriots than the shitweasels who demonstrated over the weekend.
Specify, you gotta specify. Don't be  a Trumpy, mealymouthed weasel.
Prayers for our fallen 82d Airborne Division Soldiers' families and friends...
@madamecrab You helped keep us safe. We will work to honor your sacrifice.
thank you, Rest In Peace.
Thank you US Army for making up for the lack of a viable President.
Very sad. May they rest in eternal heavenly peace.
Hoorah!
Rest In Peace
RIP
岁月是把杀猪刀
Prayers for these two honorable men, their families, friends & fellow service members.
RIP my brothers. All The Way!
RIP 
Rest in peace. God bless and keep their families
Thank you for your service, .
Way to soon!  Rest in peace, Airborne.
Bless them!
Oooooooooo
never seen the hero with the word black or white attached to it except GOP liars.

American heroes. We are grateful.  R.I.P.
Sad 
Heroes. 
Bless their memories.
RIP my Airborne brothers
Safe journey.
Forever young.
Rest easy men.
Rip Soldiers Salute"
@82ndABNDiv Thoughts and prayers from all of us here at the Warrior Division.
My heart goes out to their families
@PatrickMurphyPA Rest in Peace

Peace and blessings to these two outstanding Americans and to all the men and women of the All American division and our nation's Army.
May your families find peace in their time of mourning as you rest in peace.
Prayers for you and your families. RIP brave ones.
⚘⚘

RIP Gentlemen

The best of us.  Rest In Peace.
"Jesus wept"
My mum always says that :) it's like I can hear her in the room. I asked her once, what did he weep about mum? She said "we don't know" 
Hi Celine. Not preaching, if you read John 11, that's where it reads Jesus wept. His friend Lazarus had died.
RIP,heroes
What is that rope on his left arm?
True 82nd Airborne.  Condolences and prayers to their families.
REST IN HEAVEN BROTHERS
May your families find comfort in your honorable sacrifices for unit and country. Rest in Peace Brothers. See you on the other side.
Semper Fi.
God love them!!  Bless their Kevlar and Steel-Coated Hearts!!
Semper Fi.
Rest In Peace battles.
God bless their families & may they rest in peace.
God bless our great heroes
Prayers for their families, comrades, & a huge thank you for their sacrifice!
Lord bind the hearts of all their loved ones left behind. Comfort them as they go through this season. In Jesus name i pray amen

Thank you for your sacrifice. God bless you both...
Heroes ...
Now these are heroes. RIP. So sorry.
RIP Brave Soldiers 
Rest in Peace and Love Patriots
Rest on My Brothers-n-Arms.
RIP
Paratroopers don't die. They just slip away. #AllTheWay #SignalCorps
RIP. Many thanks to you and to your families for the sacrifices you have made for our country.
People should thank an armed services member while they live in honor of the fallen.  Thank you for your service so we can have freedom
My deepest sympathies to the family and friends of these great men.  Rest in Peace.
Heartbreaking... thank you for your sacrifice, you fought for freedom. Rest peacefully, my young and brave... 
Thank You for your sacrifice.
Rest in peace angels 
Thanks for your service brothers. May you Rest In Peace.
Sgt Allen Stiger and Sgt Roshian Brooks may you RIP and condolences to your families and friends.
Prayers.
@Chris11962 
so for your loss much respect, for your fallen heroes.
Adding @realDonaldTrump
Love U brothers... We will NEVER forget
thank you @SenThomTillis for remembering these soldiers. I wish @realDonaldTrump @POTUS would be thoughtful in his tweets & policies.
AATW!
Rest in peace...thank you for your service 
Condolences to their families. Thank you for your service. Too young. May you both rest in peace.
Honorable young menMy heart goes out to their families, and Servicemen&Women.Thank  you so much for the work you do.So so sorry⚘
Lord our hearts go out to the families of these young soldiers. Take them into Your kingdom. 
Beautiful young men. Patriots, heros. We are grateful forever.
Rest In Peace 
Very tragic prayers up for their families fellow soldiers and friends...
Condolences
Rest In Peace brothers .,The soldiers never die 
RIP, brothers! Thank you!
RIP brothers

Godspeed
My thoughts are with the 82nd AB, their family & friends. #heroes
#goarmy #Iheartmyuniform #PPD #Fearlessleader
Rest, my #redleg brothers. We'll all meet soon in that big RP in the sky.
RIP
these2brave Patriots r t/Crème dela Creme of #AmericanExceptionalism!t/Brood of #VenomousVipers N t/WhtHse r,t/Antithesis of #NoBlesseOblige
RIP America's Best!
True AMERICANS! Bless their souls ... gone too soon.
May they RIP
RIP American Heroes Every Day
I read these treets and some talk of color there is no color but green for soldiers
Please name them here.
I'm not American, I cant heart this, so sad RIP. what's it all for?
RIP Soldier 
My heartfelt condolences to their family thank you watch over us from heaven in Jesus name our saviour  
Prayers for their families
USA is defended by a diverse cross-section of Americans, incl. people of color, who died protecting us.
Honor & #Pray4Them
#AlternativeFacts
Only your uniform color matters. We who served are brothers and sisters. Does not matter where you come from, color, religion or party.
@MalcolmNance God bless these boys.  
Our hearts are saddened .
Your brothers have your watch. Rip airborne. 
May you rest in heavenly peace, wrapped in God's loving arms.
Oh these are just babies  So grateful to these men and their families for keeping us safe.
True American heroes! God bless
Rest In Peace, brothers. #ForeverYoung
R.I.P ABN RedLegs!  Loyalty
#Patriots
Rest In Peace brace American soldiers.
Rest in peace, my deepest thanks, condolence and prayers to his family, loved ones and his fellow soldiers.

Nothing but blue skies - ATW
RIP Troopers
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of these yound men.
Rip airborne
My son's Battery & Friend. So sad. Praying for their families
RIP my brothers
