Unless you are very young, very old or sick- then you're screwed. Cutting care for the poor to give tax cuts to the rich. #Sad #wealthcare
Hi, do u have a source for this info? I'd really like to see for myself
Oh. You have clearance? What level of clearance do you need for that?
 this is the problem with people like you. I was honestly interested in hearing the other side so I could understand this issue better
Let me fix this for you: "The GOP is going to rip healthcare from women, elderly, sick & poor in order to provide tax cuts for wealthy."
Lots of proof I'm telling the truth and your beloved TrumpCare is actually DeathCare. But you go on spouting lies, Trumpkin.
Your integrity is on the line. I did notice you left out "affordable" choices and safety nets.  Don't let us down.
Are you kidding?  You are as bad a liars as Trump is.
look at your healthcare and give us what you have... seems reasonable don't you think?
Not reasonable for many reasons. Do u think u deserve Military Healthcare? Benefits r based on your level of job!
I come from a military family and it's definitely not the same sorry
Just to let you know: My husband was an AF high ranking fighter pilot. Died Active Duty.
that's honorable but I did nt attack th military that comment and I work daily with wounded veterans sigh
Thx for what u do.
Kevin Michael Geary
Founder & CEO of http://rebootedbody.com . http://kevinmicha

Is the American Heart Association a terrorist organization?
Hahahaha. .hahaha. Hahahaha! !!#Liars
What about protection for seniors and those with pre-exisiting conditions, costs to them. Vote NO on the Bill that burdens them#protectNC
How's that working for you?  How about for your constituents?  If it's so good have some town halls and tell us!
Repeal and replace
Vote NO
Please vote NO. I'm a newly registered NC voter and I do vote.
Medicaid per capita caps reduce the amt of federal $ to states, which reduces what states can provide, thus potentially removing safety net!

Hi Thom, How's this working 4 u? Looks like #TrumpCareKills is a big old tax cut 4 the rich. How do u live w/ ureself?
Sen. Gillis, as a disabled, young retiree with a history of a 30 yr. nerve disease and a cancer survivor, I urge you to act responsibly 4 me
I already face more health issues from radiation and NEED my health care. This bill could, & probably will, kill people and bankrupt others.
Over 24 mil. people not covered by ACHA is irresponsible as are the tax cuts 4 the rich. Women will especially be affected. Concerning?
YES!!! Medicaid is essential 4 40% of the children in the US,the elderly in nursing homes,& women's healthcare. DO THE RIGHT THING!!!!
Keep bringing in tech workers from India, Senator Tillis urges http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/business/article140200608.html …

RINO TILLIS IS PUPPET FOR SOROS CASH, NOT USA WORKER
If you REPEAL now and REPLACE later...many of you won't have jobs in 2018.  You all should be ashamed!!!
What garbage! Are you kidding?
What a load of bullshit from Tillis. The "problems" w/ACA were caused by Reps & are easily fixed but greedy billionaires want a tax break.
Sounds like more BS and GOP lies.
Why can't Rep ,Dem and Ind break both plans down,combine them into something good for the middle class and the poor. GET IT TOGETHER!!!
When I called your staff said you had not decided.This is not good for NC, vote no. Thanks for answering calls,@SenatorBurr does not
how can you try to push a vote this quickly without carefully reviewing the consequences? It's 1/6 of the economy.
You know you are wrong. You know we can and need to do better. This bill is not the answer. 54 people will cause such woe & death. Selfish
The #BRCA does neither.  Please go back to the drawing board and focus on healthcare, not tax reductions for rich people.
Great..when are they going to start doing that instead of trying to give tax breaks to the 2% at the expense of the rest of us? Do your job!
Behind closed doors? Liars
Show Americans this bill. We need a vote
I don't think so! Just more GOP scam to enrich the wealthy. SenatorTillis, he careful what you support, the public will turn on you!
A choice about where to die?
In North Carolina this is called bulls**t.
Course you aren't from North Carolina.
You can't have read this thing yet. You're spouting BS.
CBO
By getting rid of the safety net? #AHCA #makesnosense
Where is that? It's not in what was released on Thursday. #Trumpcare #MeanCare #HealthcareBill
Why do you support this? Less than 20% of people want it. Great if your healthy and wealthy, but what about the rest of your state?
Your leadership is  weak, that we won't follow you out a burning bldg.  The taxpayer pay for your medical plan.  but we can't get the same?
They haven't done so with th AHCA.
You guys couldn't count your toes twice and come back with the same number. Tell us about your medical plan, that the plan we want.
Senator you can do just that by getting govt OUT of healthcare and break down the competitive barriers for insurance providers.
This bill is shameful! It guts Medicaid for our most vulnerable citizens. Count on me & my family voting against you if you vote for it.
Senator were Carolinians, not idiots. This is a massive tax cut for donors with provisions that only make our healthcare worse. Vote no.
The language introduced today is devastating for #NorthCarolina - but yea, big tax breaks for rich dudes. Yay? #ncpol
How do you know this? When I talked to your office, they said you hadn't seen the bill. Don't squander your credibility so easily.
Losey healthcare bill vote No
Stop talking, do something!!!!
No caps or cuts to MEDICAID, the primary insurance for over 1 million NC kids
We are just supposed to believe you? #ShowUsTheBill
Wait. I get it. When you say "you" you mean insurance companies. It makes sense now.
The GOP wants to move Medicare off of the federal budget to the states. That's all this bill does. There is no healthcare in this bill!
Total bullshit.
Many of us don't trust you, and those who do are fools.
If that were true, nothing would be hidden or secretive. You'd have it in display for all to see and affirm. #bullshit
Seems that the Senate bill is just as mean as the House bill.  Pack your bags.
A mandatory or penalized purchase/no purchase is the same as was in HusseinOcare. Just a different name!
Will there be language addressing the need to prove citizenship and that takes away the penalty paid if there is a lapse?
You're providing a destruction of healthcare & Medicaid to provide a massive tax cut for the wealthy & corps. Not just mean. It's evil.
Not likely
Really?  Then why so secret?  I call BS.  Fund your tax cut somewhere else. Fix ObsmaCare! @SenatorTimScott @LindseyGrahamSC
It will throw millions off healthcare.  Nice job!
Is it? Then give the people more time to see it!.
Details and facts matter - not promises.  Show us HOW and WHEN! It does not solve the core issue which is cost of drugs and legal exposure!
Hard to believe those who are trying so hard to keep it all a secret.
That's quite a promise. Who believes it
Your bill would have to be better not Worst.Trump said better,cheaper and insure everybody.Single payer like the other countries. SupportUSA
Really? Not until you get off the partisan horse and then the kill everything Obama and worked together, openly for the good of the country
yes, the choice of being uninsured
Why don't you let the people decide that by being transparent about what it includes. 
So many lies, so little time
Awesome!  So you have the bill and going to point out how this will actually happen, right? You wouldn't lie to us just to push Repub B.S.
#showusthebill
Hypoctits
Preexisting conditions. You interfere in people health dictate who is going to healthy (riched) and who going to die (poors people)
how can you utter such a bold face lie with a straight face?
U
You hated Obama who signed  the bill into the law. You cut the mandatory and subsidies ghost or smalls business and hospitals. People
Which is why the @GOP are doing this in complete secrecy and members regularly say the disabled and the sick are a "drain on society ".
For millions of people.  What do gain to see people unhealthy or unable to have descend health insurance. You are saboting the ACA
Just
Liars, dictators , selfishes people, you no interest for Americans people. Except yourselves and your money. Why are taking health insurance
'Trust me , I am a male lawyer I know what you need in healthcare '
we still have not heard it.  You had 8 years to create a better plan.
Then why won't you debate it openly?
We need affordability. We need Medicaid to cover the needs of those who depend on it for children's medical and disibility serv. And dental!
Then why is it being done behind closed doors. You can't ask Democratics to vote for something they haven't had input on.
Choices = reduction in essential benefits like rehab for injuries & disabilities.  Keep essential benefits and protections for preexisting
Then why refuse to a hold a single hearing? If this will solve all healthcare problems show it off!! Invite bipartisan debate.
Please preserve access to contraception, preventative care, and maternity care! NC women are depending on you #acogaction @SenThomTillis
PARTY. OVER. COUNTRY.  For the love of GOD that you all claim to worship, can you FOR ONCE put other people first?? Nope, only rich people.
Yeah, nope. No ya aren't.
Get it done, please!
#liars
Reeeeeaaaally? Getting tossed off #Obamacare is not my choice & certainly not safety net. My #Obamacare prem is $500 #Trumpcare prem $1500
Tillis is a Rino!
Let me see the bill.
Translation: "Government healthcare works fine for me but not for you. How else will I repay my corporate and 1% backers?"
Liars
Bubbas puhleeze. You're in control of the gubment. FIX IT.
COMPETITION ACROSS STATE FAKE LINES 
This is addressed to billionaires. You peasants are not getting any healthcare!
What good are choices if you can't afford the choices? Honest question.
Yeah, the secretive nature of your plan is TOTALLY selling it!
We don't want it fixed hope you replace it.
Awesome. How?

 and y'all know it.
... I don't believe you...
@GOP It's time to stop posturing & listen to Americans with a stake in your policies & represent them.
Please explain (once the bill is revealed and you've read it,  obviously) exactly what problems this bill will solve and exactly how.
FYI we all know ACA is failing because you sabotaged it. SUPPORT, PROPERLY FUND AND FIX ACA. THAT IS WHAT WE THE PEOPLE WANT.
we do not believe you. You have not included us in the process. We do not want to pay for tax cuts to rich. Reagan tried. It did not work.
They better!!!
Please tell us what's in it?  Will my self employed husband finally be able to afford insurance?  Will my middle class family have tax cut?
So what's the solution then? Why can't we see it? Because it's crap and you know it!
No health care bill you pass will work until we end FreeCare at hospital emergency rooms for citizens that can afford insurance but don't.
Enjoy your last term in office.....
Do something now!
What about preexisting condition bans? What about no life time caps? What about access to reproductive choices?
23 million no insurance.. .well done Trump Ryan Republican Care
No you're taking away health insurance from 23 million people while funneling $ to your donors and the 1% #liarliar
If it such a great plan why aren't u signing up from r it. Ur plan is not the same. Coward. Stand up for the people. Stop lying to all.
No u are wrong as usual. U Ned a course in basic arithmetic. With pancreatic cancer under u my pemiums go up120k a year. How much u giving.
Or you could just repeal and let the states decide #federalism
#show us the bill
We will see, but I suspect you will screw over the people.
What about cost of premiums? Deductables? Out-of-pocket max and pre-existing conditions?
Frosting on sh*t is still sh*t. The tax break for the wealthy paid for by the suffering of the less fortunate is avarice plain and simple.
Keep excellent coverage for Mental Health. In WNC isn't enough psychiatrists 2 serve mentally ill. Needs to b treated like all illnesses.
This is just not true. #FakeBill will distract and #Trumpcare will kill so your donors get healthcare money as tax breaks. Cruel
I don't believe it that right now.
Why is the process so rushed and so secret?  Will there be open hearings?  House bill disaster-Senate up to you!
U had 8 yrs 2 work on plan. Y is it secret. Only rich will benefit and millions will lose
Remember, you REPRESENT us and according to polls you're not doing what the majority want!  Open the meetings!!!!  YOU WORK FOR US!!!!!!
If you're doing something special, why the closed door meetings?  Dems had  open meetings, we're your boss or have you forgotten that?
Most people on Medicaid are elderly, children or people in low wage jobs. They'll suffer w/drastic Medicaid cuts. Are you ok w/that? I'm not
I hope you're proud of bill if you vote for it. Insurance works best with large group sharing costs. Wont have that if pick&choose coverage.
Need broad coverage for everyone so if a bad unexpected illness\accident\pregnancy occurs, wont have to file for bankruptcy if can't pay.
Go back to manure county u goof. The American people know u r a liar!
Why must all of you lie so much. You should be ashamed for putting your party over the US & not caring that your anti healthcare bill will
deprive millions of health insurance & access to good healthcare, will cause increased morbidity & suffering for millions, & will increase
your fellow citizens. And for what?! So the richest & most powerful can pay less & get more $. Hell you guys don't even know what's in the
bill.!! We're not stupid. You pass this bill & it will prove how corrupt, evil, @ traitorous all of you are. And we & history will remember
what you did. #notmypresident #pantssuitnation @TheDemocrats @NewYorker @JoyAnnReid @MichaelEDyson @MSNBC @CNNPolitics @chucktodd @Lawrence
Hospitals get stuck w/uninsured costs, which increase costs for all. Person pays what they can then go bankrupt. What's your plan for that?
ah yes, i can choose which graveyard to bury my elderly parents in because they couldnt get healthcare to prevent their illness.
So we can expect Single-Payer\Universal Healthcare then? @TeamTrump @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @FoxNews
What happens to healthy young person who doesn't get full coverage, & has an unexpected accident, illness or pregnancy? Need full coverage
Let's see the bill then if it's so great.
This bill is being written in secret.  Best case 20+ millions Americans will lose insurance compared to staying with ACA.  This is shameful.
As a constituent of NC w/ diabetes, when will you show us the bill?!  #nocorporateprofitsbeforepeople #ShowUsTheBill
Pardon us if we don't trust you, @SenThomTillis.
Weakening protections for pre-existing conditions will cut the safety net out from under us. As a #NC voter, I urge you to #ProtectOurCare
... by taking away the healthcare you have.
For a limited time, on the backs of workers and taxpayers with good health insurance.
But what about the premium increases we need and the lack of coverage for pre-existing conditions that we crave?
#ShowUsTheBill
Why is a massive tax cut for the wealthy inside of the @GOP house bill.  Will Senate bill keep it? Why not just do insurance, not tax cut
#ShowUsTheBill
