Pelosi: DREAMers’ parents did a great thing for our country by bringing them here illegally https://hotair.com/archives/2017/09/20/pelosi-dreamers-parents-great-thing-country-bringing-illegally/ … 
Gee, Thom, I wonder why people would run such great risks to come here? Maybe because they live in horrific circumstances?
It's taken my friend 14 years to become a citizen. She did everything by the book. Doesn't that sound ridiculous?
Yes it does!
Finally you got it right
27K of them right here in NC,  r u aware? U r willing to throw 27,000 young people out of your state? #2020Election #Bought&Paid4 #Vote
I have news for you--its> 65k.   We felt INVADED and it totally dumbes down our public schools accommodating them in 90's!
Trust me,  schools are not dumbing down because of DACA. Learning math, writing book reports in K... they learn so much more than we did!
5). They did dumb down the entire curriculum I order to be able to graduate Latino students who had not attended US schools in early yrs
Toy do realize that was 25+ years ago?  And that things change? My granddaughters are getting a GREAT education here...
You....
How about you care about NC? Health Care? How much are U for sale for? What’s Koch’s paying you? Be a man, grow a pair of balls, vote no.
Perhaps you could get to work on making immigration safer and more humane so ppl wouldn't die trying to cross the border?
Legal immigration is quite humane and safe, is it not?  Are u suggesting the Senator make it easier for ILLEGALS to sneak into this country?
Do you know what it takes to immigrate legally?
Do you have ANY empathy for why these people would risk so much to come illegally?
Even tho you may feel for their plight, it doesn't change the Fact that coming here illegally is Agaisnt the Law.
The terror some were facing in their country was worse than death.
Thats true--so they need to fight for peace and lawfulness in their own countries
That's much easier said then don't. Especially when the government is corrupt
Vote against Graham/Cassidy and start taking care of all inNC! Especially women and those with pre existing conditions!
People died trying to flee from percecution and violence in their own communities!!!!!!
It will he such a joy for me to vote against you in your next election
Same here and I've registered and galvanized dozens in just my neighborhood alone
gop#stoplayingpolitics
PresidentTrump#stopplayingpolitics
You know she is an idiot
Build the damn WALL.
Lots of money and it does little. It didn't work for China (great wall), Didn't work for East Germany (berlin wall) History, learn it.
Those were communist societies bent on isolation, keeping people in. I've been to the Berlin Wall. I know my history.
Ah... China was not a communist society when the great wall was built, but you know your history. Great wall was for keeping Huns out. #sigh
May not have been called Communism at pt of constr as that is a term coined in contemporary times but they sought isolation. Not same 4 US.
You really are actively trying to miss the point, walls, in general, have not proven to provide the security they claim. #moneywasted
You are correct. Now have Mueller do investigation into Obama and his entire team Rice and Powell especially
If i thought I had to break a law to feed my kid, I’d do it. Many of them risked death staying where they were.
Yes. #StopPlayingPolitics @SenThomTillis with our HC #VoteNOGrahamCassidy and as for DACA #LeaveThemKidsAlone
My great grandfather was the Italian version of a dreamer. We did not call it that back then. Listen to your constituents.
No on Trumpcare
Repeal Obamacare. Build wall. Deport illegals. No more rapeugees. That's what we demand!
It is against the law. That is enough. Now end it!
TT, your maniacal campaign to overturn the ACA will kill many times this number of U.S. citizens.
You need to also protect the elderly! This is a dangerous bill!
If you want to talk about deaths, why are you supporting irresponsible health care bills that strips coverage from Americans.  Disgraceful.
The one we have is imploding!!!  They have to so something--the ACA should NEVER have been passed.  Now theres no choice but repeal.
Then you pay for the wall.
over 20 years how people killed by guns? how many killed by asbestos? how many killed by polluted water?  misguided labelling of chemicals?
Why are you supporting a bill that will cost NC an estimated $1 billion???
Repeal and replace Obama care
Thank You Sen Tillis for supporting border control!  Its not that we dont empathize w/those children. They should stay but not Ext family!
Don't let your constituents die! Vote against #GrahamCasiddy
Stop playing politics Senator Tillis, if you care about children, care about one of your constituents.
More will do same if encouraged by DACA. DEMAND 11 million amnesty(much more)Draw line in sand or cave continuously.Amnesty failed in 80s
We'll probably never know how many in the hands of human/sex traffickers. Lax border controls/enforcement makes politicians complicit.
The dreamers should be allowed to stay. Shame on you trying to push them out of the only country they know. Get rid of #45. He is a parasite
If you care about peoples' lives, don't vote to dismantle the ACA.
I hear the military is making it harder for immigrants to stay in to finish getting their full expedited citizenship. Are we done leading?
Are you aware that 100% of DACA recipients have no criminal history? What dreamers have broken the law?
And dreamers have killed many legal Americans. Whose side are some on???
Show some proof for that claim.
I'm embarrassed to have you as our Senator.
You would have done the same in their situation
A bit of empathy, maybe some soul-searching, would do you good. 

Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy
He certainly is, Lidka, he certainly is.
Shut up Senator. You a open border clown yourself, so don't lecture her when your actions and continued beliefs will lead to more of this.
Oh well god knows, the law is the most important thing when your children are going hungry and/or in danger 
I believe she is referring to the great thing of the bright ones in our workforce and communities strong that: no place partisan reaction
Just shows your inability to work across the aisle, resign and make America great again.
People break the law all the time! Trump spits on Rule of Law all the time! Thousands die in gun violence! Your concern for life is a joke!
Corporate America shares a lot of blame and brought a lot of abuse. You're old enough to know that Thom.
@allahpundit Dreamers should have pathway to citizenship!!!!
Wait a minute Senator you are pro amnesty? DACA was illegal should be shut down. You know few illegals r using DACA for good. GOP UP!
Instead of citing @allahpundit - perhaps some actual thought would help.  Good work here by @ProPublica
Thom, these folks do the jobs that white folks don't want to do..don't care that they broke the law. Ever picked crops? I have. it is great.
And look at the Hepatitis outbreak in San Diego caused by illegals.  We don't need that in NC.
This statement is false, quit reading alt-right propaganda.

Kind of tells you how bad it was where they lived, right?  These parents just want to get their kids where safe and have a chance.
Done Accepting Criminal Aliens (D.A.C.A.).
Tillis refuses to work across the isle on a meaningful resolution to DACA recipients! Tillis is a bigot!
Vote no on G-C healthcare bill. U will be hurting thousands in your state of NC. Vote Tillis out! Stand 4 your constituents not #GOP party!
Why don't u listen to what the people want? Health insurance industry & AMA against this bill. Yet you push on. Shame on you!
Stop being a hypocrite, everything you do is playing politics. How about working for your constituents? Just once!
What's done is done. Now what do we do for these kids. Stop playing politics! BTW When are you introducing the bill you've mentioned?
Sadly due to poverty+desperation-made worse due #climatechange more people will take risks for a better life =How we became a great country
Build the wall
Please reconsider Graham Cassidy.
And yet you will vote for millions to lose health coverage. #stopplayijngpolitics #hypocrite #useless
She is so stupid.
It's one thing for the twitter troll to post this with a misleading caption, but you are supposed to know better. Maybe watch the clip.
Still waiting for your opinion of Graham Cassidy Healthcare
Stop with YOUR politics! You are playing with our actual lives! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
To be totally fair, @NancyPelosi lost her mind years ago and is just coasting by on fumes.
If I were you, I'd follow my own advice, vote no on this ACA repeal and save far more lives and financial ruin for our citizens
Honestly how do you sleep at night? Throw out kids who had no choice AND fuck the health of all Americans. Wow. You are so wrong.
Senator that's the first time I've heard that 10000 people
Too bad you grew up privileged and are so clueless.
Many, many more are alive and making great contributions to this country!
Just 2 decades ago, Bill Clinton won POTUS as a democrat running an anti-immigration platform. He was NOT called a Nazi! Interesting!
Get you want to decimate healthcare, like it is a risk pool of 1, which is just financing, not insurance. Not how insurance works. Vote NO
I'm so glad these kids have graced our country w/ their beauty. Sorry you're so hard hearted. I hope you find warmth & goodwill in ur heart
Imagine the conditions they are fleeing to take those risks?  How damn lucky are we to have been born here. It was just luck. #Dreamers
I'm pretty sure she doesn't hear what comes out of her mouth.
My father was a judge. I remember him saying, "If you don't agree with a law you don't break it, you change it." Not a great thing.
Ur s crook and ur outa NC
Make LEGAL immigration easier, faster, and less costly for law-abiding people trying to make better lives for themselves and their children.
Pelosi is a idiot this makes you want them all sent back. They think there entitled
No legalization or amnesty; otherwise, many will be asking for your resignation.
Why does almost everyone agreeing with the horrible GOP POV have no picture, minimal followers, minimal original tweets?
#Stopplayingpolitics graham/cassidy is evil
Did the kids make that decision?
He SERVES the American citizens, not people from other countries!!
can you even imagine what they must have faced just to provide a better life for their kids? Try.
Not too mention when you vote yes to strip millions of insurance how many deaths will be on your hands?????
Seriously senator? I have worked with many dreamers. They are amazing people and worker. NC depends on them. Don't forget that.
we dont believe in sincerity if democrats supporting immigrants obana was there for 8 years and dis nothing but ilude everybody
all crimes will be legal if an ilegal immigrant got amnesty ! it is a legality of a crime thats one of causes of violence and poverty !
So are you appalled that people are dieing to get here or that they committed a misdemeanor and brought good, productive people?
You stop playing politics first. NC does not want you to repeal the ACA.  We want you to improve it. You are all #PartyOverPeople. SHAME.
So you can NEVER say you didn't know! 

FOR YOUR PEOPLE IN NC! #PeopleBeforeParty!
Is this a rationalization for deportation? That people died?
And yet your party is trying to deny healthcare to millions while you give billionaires tax breaks. Enough! You will be voted out of office.
BUILD THE WALL NOW
Still less than Trumpcare will kill. What else you got, Jack? Where are your pro-life values on THAT issue? How many are you gonna let die?
How are things going on the health care reform,Sen. Missed all those opp’s  to meet with your constituents didn’t I. Shit #didnt happen
Build the wall!!
And yet you insist on voting for a GOP evil "healthcare" plan that surely will kill lots of people. #stopplayingpolitics and vote NO on bill
The government isnt helping or giving anyone anything in healthcare. The only ones making out are CEOs, execs and people getting kickbacks.
If you pass that Graham Cassidy Bill you obviously don't give a shit about kids either
Pass the DREAM Act.
Wow. No respect for a hypocrite like you who is playing politics with constituents' lives. #SaveACA
tHom. Did you want to contribute to a solution our just spew invective.  #oneterm #undertrumpsTHOMb
#GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace No
#MedicareForAll Winner, winner  dinner
#ACA § 1312
#StopPlayingPolitics
 history notes the diversion.
Can you provide the full quote from a reputable news source? Come on, senator, you know better than that.
She's all over cable news on video saying it's a great thing that illegal parents came with their kids. Very easy to find.
Wow! I can finally agree w/Senator Tillis on immigration, on something! #NoAmnesty #EndDACA Use RaiseAct 2 screen ppl, #BuildTheWall
1. Isn’t ‘politics’ her job?
2. You’re welcome from ALL the immigrants in NC that work the fields and contribute to our economy
#doYOURjob
If you worry about people dying, say NO to #GrahamCassidy.
Yes, they came illegally, because we didn't give enough thought to the process. Desperation will make people do anything. #coldhearted
#StopPlayingPolitics says the guy who's voting for an awful partisan healthcare bill that will negatively affect millions. #Hypocrite
Yeah....thats how millions of us feel/felt about ACA and did anyone care?!!!!!!
@NancyPelosi it is IMMORAL to ENTICE people to come illegally when u have no certain authority to ENSURE their legal status!
As your constituent(27317), I ask that you support the DREAM Act proposed by Pelosi
Deal with DACA next year
We need the wall first.
Do as you promised
Lots of money and it does little. It didn't work for China (great wall), Didn't work for East Germany (berlin wall) History, learn it.
Maybe but I would FEEL  better and they promised.
10K Dreamers did NOT die crossing border. You take equivocation to a whole new level. I think "Lying" is the epitome.
Yeah! blah! 
Save lives in NC! Vote against #GrahamCassidy, correct the flaws in #Obamacare, rename it trumpcare. Boom!  Everyone happy!
You are sooooo right! But Tillis doesn't care! He's there for the rich!
I heard....
If you ever hope to be reelected, Tillie, you will pubically recognize the important contributions of Dreamers and welcome them!
Like what
Just asking
Let's not worry about Trump's wall & figure out a way for these people to get here safely & stay legally. Dreamers were brought here
by their parents and are contributing to our economy- LEGALLY.
Dreamers are here illegally, brought illegally by parents. Not all are the saints painted out by media, DRats. Follow immigration laws!
Bless your heart, you didn't do your research either. 'DACA recipients have been able to come out of the shadows and obtain
obtain valid driver's licenses, enroll in college and legally secure jobs. They also pay income taxes.
The program didn't give them a path to become US citizens or even legal permanent residents -- something immigrant rights advocates have
criticized, saying it left people in limbo.'  CNN 9/4/17 -
I would say it took them out of limbo. But it was always temporary with this coming. Obama added an end date to the order.
A great thing indeed:
Those things don't correlate well together #stopbeinganasshole
Why are you retweeting something called "allah pundit"? You think that's a reputable source?
Retweeting "allahpundit?" Linking to "http://hotair.com ?"
Not surprising given the new state of the GOP; a party in real trouble that starts at the top. Our Sen's. haven't been immune to the changes
