Help 4 my small business = workable healthcare #FixACA =Swiss plan & take away antitrust exceptions from HCComp Be a #trueconservative -NC
You and the rest of your party are despicable.  History will not be kind to you.
Just no! Let the businesses pay Americans a decent wage to work these jobs! We have to make our country strong.
How about putting AMerica back to work first?.. You Senators are most of the problem in America... you schummer and Pelosi and Maxine.
Yeah.  I tried asking his staff his views.  They couldn't even say if he's for or against anything.  Just another partisan hack.#votehimout
So it's "Made in America by Low Wage foreign Workers Day" - right? Everything coming out of D.C. is a joke.  Including you Thom.
Population of North Carolina is about 10 million?
Unemployment around 4%?
How many temporary jobs are needed?
That is a ridiculous statement.
You got a lot of nerve to talk abotu Trump. At least he tries. You Sen Tillis you bought.... Read your post... Put AMerica first...
Just a way to import more illegals when they over stay their visa's
No, not this way.
Wait, I thought all of these foreigners were taking your supporters' jobs?  Oh, I get it, they are needed to work at Trump resorts.
Really, I hope NC throws you out next time and find a better republican, who supports AMERICAN JOBS #firetillis
Duh.
"additional" meaning above the cap set by law. 66,000 foreign workers is too much already. There is no shortage of American workers.
The law of supply and demand will fix wage rates without government interference
South Carolina, find a decent GOP candidate for your state. This man is everything you DON'T want to have in the Senate!
@GOP @POTUS Is this legal? Ethical? 
Tillis blocked President Trump's nominee to head U.S. Citizenship and  Immigration Services,...
..Lee Francis Cissna, to force DHS to speed up the H2-B process. 
BLACKMAIL!
Back to forced training by Americans of foreign workers followed by laid off Americans. S. Carolina, see how your senator works against you?
This suppresses wages. We don't need to import workers to control costs. This creates income inequality.
Supporting jobs for Americans, are you! Ha ha.. not against the visas by any means but seems to be a lot of talking out of both sides.
Owned by Chamber of Commerce.  Hurts NC citizens looking for jobs.
Screw you. There are plenty of Americans out of work who would do those jobs, your handlers just don't want to pay a fair wage.
Trump needs workers in his vineyards that's why he just approved some visas
what happened with "foreigners" taking away jobs from good Americans? How R U going to secure that they will leave at the end? Hypocrite!
Exactly, we Americans' support "LEGAL" immigration and your stance supports "our' wishes...
Someone needs their grass cut?
We get it, you take kickbacks for every illegal companies hire. No chance you get my vote again.
What, exactly, is wrong w/ hiring Americans? Hope you are primaried next year.
Yeah, we know @realDonaldTrump loves these things so that he can staff his golf courses. What about #MAGA?
Yeah.. no, time to go Thom.
Vote what's right for North Carolina's not part! Vote NO on TRUMPCARE!!
Way to proudly BETRAY American workers who voted for the TRUMP agenda... President Trump, are you aware of this??? HIRE AMERICAN! @POTUS @VP
Anyone who says, "As President Trump has noted" is NO friend to the people of NC!! NOBODY reputable treats that traitor like he's credible!!
Here's an idea Tommy.  Why don't you try LISTENING to the majority of your constituents and vote NO to all the stupid crap POTUS is doing.
I'm relieved judge allowed grandparents access despite the #TravelBan. U speak up for DHS but not 4 NC citizens 4 #healthcare. #VoteNoBCRA
Thanks @SenThomTillis for your support of H2B program. Now we need the returning worker exemption you wrote votes in before October
Vote him out!!
No different than interference with the free market by jacking the minimum wage and hurting people. Picking winners is your thing, huh? RINO
RINO's like you ruin America. Let the free market decide, instead of your special interests.  Wages will rise & Americans would get jobs :/
Yea but you voted for a guy that deported workers doing the job. When will you @GOP learn realize he's playing you and winning
This is just putting bandages on an issue that is too important. Let's get serious on #immigrationreform. There're good ideas out there.
Yes.  This needs to happen. Immediately.
what about the real-world experiences of H-2B workers who have been exploited, cheated out of overtime, and even sexually harassed? #resist
Senator I hope your yes vote on this terrible healthcare bill costs you your seat. I'm a life long Republican after all this no more
McConnell is going for the jugular- STRAIGHT REPEAL.
You suck, Tillis. We will hound you on this forever. Simple treason, nothing less.
wow and i bet you supported the travel ban too. you really need to grow a pair and have an in person town hall. where, when and time please.
ps why are these jobs given to Americans?
You mean why aren't?  Simple.  They are ridiculously underpaid, exploitative jobs that Americans won't take.  Not good jobs.
More pissing on voters by importing more unskilled foreigners to overstay their visas!
Why don't you quit importing help and get those on welfare to do these jobs! More crap from GOP clowns that fix nothing!
Good that you're open to "hard facts". Does that apply to those facts that are not politically convenient too? #ClimateChangeIsReal
No on Trumpcare
Happy "Made in America" week! H-2Bs go to low wage workers. Helps businesses but hurts US workers as it forces wage stagnation. #insourcing
http://actnow.prochoiceamerica.org/sign/170713_gender-healthcare-group_ck/?source=CK.NAR.FY17.FB.SenGen.A01.LKS-6.FE.30p.C04_T02_D02_P01#.WW0KhLP3arU …
Tilly you are an embarrassment to NC and nothing more than a puppett of a failing administration, Sad,
Why don't you try helping millions of Americans by voting no on healthcare bill. That's a lot more than 15,000. Stop misleading people!
Does this cover farmworkers or just attractive wait staff for Trump resorts& vineyards.
Yes.
Can we extend the "hard facts" rule to refugees or all of Trump's policies even? Maybe the wall as well?
These are visas for low-wage workers. Maybe we should be encouraging  businesses to pay better so these jobs can go to American workers.
I would happily pay more for products made by AMERICANS, Thom.
WE ARE VERY UNHAPPY WITH YOU BUSTER!
And what do you know about small business Thom? You worked for BoA, PWC, and other mega companies. Don't pretend to care about the lil guy.
Buy American, Hire American: Unless you're the Trump family. Or a GOP businessman outsourcing your jobs to another country.
The visas are for Hospitality Construction not farms. Why? Cause Trump's Hospitality Resorts need them, but doesn't care about veg/fruits
Being an immigration hawk just 2 get Trump? every 1 repeats the same talking points no he isn't doing town hall so u can go shout him down
