And Trumpcare is going to make it worse for the most vulnerable. Fix ACA not destroy health with ACHA
& yet it is still better than Trumpcare.
this taxpayer in NC is still waiting to hear a GOP plan that doesn't make things worse for the Poor, Uninsured or those with preexisting
It appears to me you and the GOP are advocating for and celebrating the panic ur constituents face. Shame on all of you. Clue: FIX IT.
If Trump has his way we will have many insurers offering many plans which none of us can afford unless we are healthy.
I'm resident of NC and its true. Republicans starved/ sabotaged it, refuse to fix it. Lets put blame where it truly belongs, Republicans.
Obamacare has failed in every state. I pay for my insurance It got worse & I pay more & can barely afford to go to the Dr. bc deductibles.
Then you need to blame the GOP of SC when they failed to subsidize Medicaid this resulted in companies leaving
The GOP of any state is not chaging me for health insurance and providing nothing but admin grief.
Then enjoy the GOP plan.  It's going to be more and cover less.
I will hope for a bipartisan plan that will limit insurance profitting at citizen's demise while offering subpar benefits at premium rates.
You are under Trump Care now, you wrote the bill and it could be fixed by single payer!
And I believe the CEO of BC/BS specifically blamed the GOP and 45 for this problem.  Tell the whole story.
Republicans have spent 8 years determined to destroy #OBAMACARE. AMENDMENTS OK. Listen to We The People! Open hearings. Democrats included!
Democrats had 80 expert testimonies and dozens of hearings before ACA vote and accepted over 100 republican amendments. #ShowUsTheBill
Fine, but why does the AHCA slash Medicaid, which is NOT failing? Most of the "saved" $ goes to massive tax cuts for top 1%. #ShowUsTheBill
This problem can be fixed, but don't dump the ACA w/o hearings on its replacement! That is not democracy!
13% only of entire nation support your "fix" by 45deathcare! Cheating, new rule, to jam it through despite majority will doom GOP forever!
So if you take away insurance for millions, then their premiums can't go up, right? How about open debate on health care!
U SABOTAGED ACA FROM START RE-FUND RISK CORRIDOR & GIVE INS CO INFO THEY NEED FOR 2018 WE WILL VOTE U OUT!!!!
This is really getting old! The #ACA isn't perfect but it's a TON better than #AHCA - 24million lives better! @GOP
Latest number I heard was 52 million.

Oppose #Trumpcare .  Trump and the Rep congress are causing the instability in the healthcare system.
Thank you republicans for killing Obamacare so that you can kill us with your Not affordable healthcare care act !
STOP FEAR MONGERING.. GOP didn't expand medicade & now NC taxpayers have to pay for that. Glad others health doesn't matter to you
Yet progressive liberals continue to support this disaster. Perhaps they r ones getting big subsidies
Thanks to Trump and the GOP's sabotage of the Obamacare marketplace and payments, this is what we will see happen. It is now Trumpcare.
#BCBSNC is a monopoly and in the pockets of #NCGOP
Then maybe you should be working on getting more suppliers?  Why only one supplier?  What's the root cause?
Thanks to Republicans and their obstruction
The CEO of Blue Cross NC blamed the Trump administration for the increase.
Republicans are colluding with ins co CEOS to kick 24 mil AMERICANS off healthcare in exchange for a tax cut and more profits
This was a mess created by the GOP designed to undercut the ACA at expense of North Carolinians in order to score political points. Shameful
Health statistics have fallen and costs have sky rocketed. Insurers have grown rich by law. #RepealAndReplace
You are going down the wrong path sir. Stop misrepresenting what's happening with healthcare. This is disgusting
EVERY healthcare organization opposes the AHCA because it will cause untimely deaths. You pass it, their blood is on your hands.
Single payer!!
Senators better deliver on repealing and replacing obamacare.  You only have now to get it done. Americans are suffering from your failure
Would this be an ethics violation? Deliberately misleading the American people? Is omission a lie?
Gee, try again.
Oh and you think Republicans can do better? Your BS is what is driving rates up.
Fix it. Don't reinvent the wheel.  Guaranteed any other plan will have issues as well.  Learn from the work that has been done and make adj.
Trumpcare by the numbers: 850% premium spike for elderly, 14 mil lose healthcare in 1st year, 1 in 6 w pre-existing conditions lose coverage
Get the Republican Congress and Trump in order before you unveil trumpcare. We know the Republicans are trying to destroyed our Healthcare.
One is better than none and maybe insurance companies have too much control to screw us over.  Don't give them more power to hurt us!
That's a serious prob to be sure.  More pressing, WTH are y'all going to do abt getting Pence in the White House?  Or is it party over USA?
I invite read my Facebook: Elena Susy Moya Huamanchumo.Thank you very much.Lady Oscar.Steve
Due to GOP starvation.  Single payer next time please!
GOP own this. You do not have a better plan as promised where premiums will be lowered, no pre existing conditions and nobody loses. Waiting
Then why didn't you do your job and try to fix it?What legislation needs no adjustment in time?GOP more important than healthy constituents?
You guys did this.  stab it in the back and call it suicide.  shame.  #saveourcare
Flaws in ACA made worse by R refusal to expand  Medicaid. Pls stop playing politics  - work for viable solution like Sen Collins option.
So what’s your “better” alternative Senator?
He doesn't have one and doesn't care about his own constituents!
@SenThomTillis Thanks to greedy health insurers and Republican Congress the own. #Medicareforall
So, fix it.   Now! Today!
Yeah, because your party is starving it in an attempt to kill it. #SinglePayer for all.
@SenateGOP Your efforts to destroy ACA and build something worse have convinced me that our only option is Medicare for everyone. #WeSeeYou
@ me with some AHCA bullshit the day my 4 month old's open heart surgery gets scheduled. I DARE you.
And that insurer said premium increases are 100% the result of the administration withholding $$ and sabotaging coverage.
Pretty sure @BCBSNC had something close to a monopoly b4 #ACA
. @SenateGOP @SenThomTillis so how many more people got coverage under #obamacare?
You did this not the plan, the plan would have worked if you cowards didn't opt out of the federal market place. Your failure not O-care's
PUBLIC OPTION ..
Prior to ACA, was in NCriskpool, premiums rising each year, the same. GOP plan will cost 5X my present ACA. You suck at math.
I really wish you were on the side of Americans on this rather than the health insurrers. Shame on every one of you money grubbing GOP.
TrumpCare a HUGE fail.
All @BarackObama  and @HillaryClinton wanted was single payer govt controlled HC. Their plan is unfolding
Replace it with something
HR676 introduced by Conyers, Jan 2017  @SenateDems
How many people in those counties overall?  Still trying to deceive the public, are you?  How about forcing insurers to operate statewide?
Senate Republicans, please stop whining and crying wolf. It's time to roll up your sleeves and fix it
Wow that because didn't want the expansion of Medicaid here and NCBCBS wanted to charge more.so all that falls under the last admin..here.
And that one insurer is subsidized by the taxpayers?

Quit talking and act! Sick of talk. Do it THIS YEAR. Do tax reform THIS YEAR. If you don't, you will rightly return to a minority party 2018
GET AGENDA MOVING 51 Votes shame Dems & repubs to vote next bill! MOVE!
WHY DO YOU KEEP POSTING YOUR FAILURES?
8 years and YOU let it come to this.
When will Obamacare be repealed and replaced?  By the end of June 2017?
Senate Republicans hard at work to AMERICA SUFFER!
This is exactly why we need a single-payer system like Germany/Australia
Single payor. Medicare for all!
U report this as if it is not ur responsibility now to fix it. Same as you would a highway, a downed power line r anything that needs fixing
You may report once on the location of the downed power line. But after the storm is over u begin the work. Healthcare is no different
Ur approach to the downed power line would be to tweet on its location each day while the citizens are without electricity. @GOP @VP
Where's your pity party for the Orlando victims? You know where you say guns don't kill people.....#Turds
Hate hate hate hate hate. Player haters ball anyone?
Very few people don't realize how desperate you are to finally get something done. What would help your cause bigly would be Article 25.
It is the job of congress to RAISE taxes and pay for the function of government. Do your job balance the budget and fix the ACA
But what are you proposing? Easy to criticize. Harder to actually lead!
You know even I know Obama care is a disaster meant to bankrupt America and usher in their socialist Utopia and I live in Egypt!
Your election is soon GOP, look at all the time you've wasted on the dole, do you think we can't see? #GOP PURGE 2018
Instead of gloating, fix it! Put up a reasonable change not you political agenda. What's been offered to date will uninsured just as many
So pass single-payer Universal Healthcare and stop protecting greedy insurance companies & drs. @SenateDems @TeamTrump @SteveKBannon @abc
That is the GOP fault and you know it. You did it on purpose too
Fun fact: the leader of your party is a russian puppet.
Thanks to Republican sabotage it will get worse!
We have defended 1st world industrial democracies for 2 generations. They have universal healthcare and we don't. It's a damn shame.
We know what you are doing Let it fail blame the Dimms but don't Kill the folks that need it ,its Squeeze time for a lot of People!dts
I live in AZ and Feel Your Pain..... Obama Really Got us Good..
Go after the greedy ins companies. The only way to solve the problem.
Well, they won't need that insurer if Trumpcare is passed. They can go straight to suffering & death. So ugly to do that to Americans.
Do the right thing, Impeach Trump!
And how will it look under your plan? Put more effort into getting care for all Americans rather than tax breaks for the wealthy.
So repeal it completely. The GOP is a huge disappointment to those of us who voted for you.
Again. THIS IS YOUR FAULT! Stop lying and own it. #GOPLies #VoteThemOut #FixACA #NoAHCA
WE KNOW WHAT U R. U SABOTAGED ACA FROM START RE-FUND RISK CORRIDOR INS CO WILL COME BACK
Oh give it a rest. You can't accomplish anything. Sad and pathetic GOP who don't understand compromise and how to do your job. #failures
your party is corrupt with liars starting at the top, clean house starting w/POTUS save yourselves, if you dare, & LISTEN to Americans
Thanks to trump & gop sabotage #killingpeople
Is there a team of interns whose only job is posting inane memes? Couldn't they do something more useful like retrieving Trumps golf balls?
Congratulations you're undermining efforts are paying off.
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
How much have premiered ms increased per state sinc Obamacare started. A TN friend's premiums increased about 250% since the start.
Get off your butts GOP pas a health care bill, u guys made it where you guys don't have this bad Obamacare, u no rush, us hurry up!!!!!
Poor NC! If only ur governor had expanded Medicaid & created health exchange! Ur state & Federal representatives don't care enough to #fix
The problems with ACA are easily remedied. Of course your rich friends wouldn't get their tax cuts. #wearenotfooled #voteblue
STOP THE LYING! We know the con.
Lies
Better find the life boats. The US @realDonaldTrump is going down. No amount of baling  (read "DEFLECTION") is gonna save that ship!
You created this situation as much as any other politicians. Instead of fixing this, you'd rather throw 20 million off healthcare
@JoeNBC @Morning_Joe - great topic- let's talk about relevant reporting of real news affecting Americans - not speculation to incite anger
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/01/09/508533448/as-obamacare-repeal-heats-up-newly-insured-north-carolinians-fret …
Hey no problems, The Senator and Congressional representative all have their paid for plans by Taxpayers, does not seem to be big problems?
Still your fault.
And how do you account for that @Pelsoi do you think reading the law now would help?
as a taxpayer of NC i’d rather have a single payer Medicare for all solution
Fund it. Fix it. Give insurance companies a chance to run it. You are the Kings of Making Things Worse!
replace it, telling us its not working does not provide health care, we already know its not working
GOP Sabotaged.
Thank you stand strong and let's get this done
Even in areas where there may be choices such as mine 2 most Drs and many pharmacies do not and never did accept ACA insurance plans
#MedicareForAll would fix that
But it would cut into the profits of those who fill your campaign coffers
GOP the party of greedy old men
@SenateGOP........improve the ACA to BENEFIT Americans & stop trying to reinvent the wheel.....

Nobody buys this rubbish you are spouting. #POTUS took an oath to uphold the law as passed. Tell Trump to live up to his oath of office

Because you are sabotaging Obamacare
@senategop it is so because you are encouraging and frightening the insurance cos; you are a despicable
Let's be really clear about this - the @gop would rather kill millions by taking away their health care. How does that help the US?
You sabotaged it liars
Vs no insurer under the @GOP plan
And the NC blue cross blue shield said this was due to GOP obstruction and uncertainty.  You have no viable plan.  Stop this inanity!
#TakeAChildtoWorkDAY:
#LilEddieEgo: Self Explanatory, The Adventure Of Little Eddie Ego. 
Here's why the insurance companies are pulling out.
Thank your insurance companies for the increase they have to pay their CEOs Megabucks!
Your ardent efforts to undermine #AHCA are paying off. No #Medicaid expansion, other barriers. @HouseGOP @NCLeg #2018Midterms
GOP Lawmakers, We never said that! YELL  fake news! fake news!  but, we have tape!, oh, uhm well,  we were just kidding when we said that
CBO score is out and it reinforces why AARP opposes #AHCA. 23 million more uninsured, age tax & removal of preexisting condition protection.
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
LOL #Triggered
How about you worry about Trump selling us out to Putin?  Are you all dirty? Sure appears that way!
And you @GOP are fueling it, do not think we do not see that...Shame
#Obamacare is awful. It's socialism mixed with crony capitalism and is doomed to fail. But #TrumpCare is just more of the same. Do better.
So those, even if only 4 or so people, justifies repealing the Act? You imbeciles. Repeal Drumpf and yourself.
Sure, initial implementation was bad. Your answer: dismantle it entirely? Swipe the rug beneath working Americans? Try it, you'll regret it.
That's on you--along with not opening state insurance exchanges, and not expanding Medicare. You did this, GOP, and no one else.
We know that you have sabotaged & continue 2 sabotage the ACA.  I can't wait until 2018. Even the Russians won't be able 2 save your careers
