What kamala harris, CAIR AND LAPD DID TO A TRUMP SUPPORTER AND GUN OWNER.
You want 2 deliver the bucks 2 the RICH. We will remember in 2018 & 2020.
GOP budget for wealthy, only.
Yes , Senator pass the bill that fairly taxes the upper 2 %  because they get rich at the expense of poor people!
@SenThomTillis is only committed to passing tax legislation that will benefit only the wealthiest Americans.
the biggest bs in less than 2 min. i've ever heard and i've listened to trump's fascist rants
Rich American people.
#TedCruz is an embarrassment to Texas. 
We want political reform, our nation is frustrated with greedy republicans.
You should look at the greedy Liberals #Perverts.
Pass it! Rand Paul and McCain should get on board or get off the train!
I have 100% Confidence Rand will, bc he wants to work with Trump, but McCuck, not so much.
I hope you're right. This resistance is getting old quick!
Good how about the other 51 of you? Start supporting @POTUS n clean up the never Trumper attitudes or go home. Actually u will be sent home.
Put on Medicare money back.
putting the sick, elderly, poor and disabled off ins. is the best you can do?
Sure you are. Gone in 2018
A true American...
U will STEAL my kids college savings & give to Govt.  U will DROWN our family! Our taxes could DOUBLE or TRIPLE!  Cant afford ur "tax break"
UR plan will RAISE my taxes! Current Exemp for fam of 6=$24K. Thats ur new std ded. THEN I lose prop tax, mtg int, SALT ded = PAY MORE TAXES
So they help rich folks..vote them out
Total scam...all for billionaires!! Corrupt politicians. Drain the sewer. @POTUS @nytimes @realDonaldTrump @DRUDGE_REPORT @seanhannity @cnn
Get it done
I wouldn't believe Thom Tillis_ if his hand was on a stack of Bibles.
Stop it right now with the delusional act YOU KNOW BETTER! SHAME ON YOU & your sycophancy comments about your dear leader
Puerto Rican mothers cannot lactate to breastfeed their infants due to dehydration, no water deliveries. Babies getting diarrhea from contaminated waters. HELP SOS PLEASE HELP. WHERE R YOU GOP Senate? It's breaking our American hearts.
DONT. it isn't for the middle class that is struggling.
He should be committed to the #American people NOT further lining the pockets of the already wealthy.  #TaxReform #DoYourJob @SenateGOP
BULLSHIT
I hope so, that’s why I voted for him!! N.C. in the house!!
You people are nothing more than a pack of rabid dogs.
Not tax reform, just tax cuts.  Be clear
Propaganda video was no longer available. Maybe it self destructed from all the lies it contained.
Are you still trying to undermine our President?? It's grown rather tiring, don't cha think? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is above reproach!!!
Sucker
Which benefits the wealthiest Americans, leaving the middle class bearing the brunt of the tax burden.
Too bad the American people don't want this #TaxReform .@MikeCrapo .@SenatorRisch
Democrats want tax relief for the American people, the 98% who actually work for a living, not the top 2% who are quite wealthy.  Stop treating us like we have no common sense. We know your Koch addiction is strong but think about other for a change and not padding your pockets.
The only tax reform we want is higher taxes on the wealthy & the closing of corporate loopholes.
Texas: less taxes and regulations mean more money in your pocket.
But your flood plain might not be up-to-date.   Or its maps will longer be available. The honest salesman will just say don’t worry.
No! You want to pass tax reform for all of your rich cronies! We are tired of getting screwed by your bait and switch! PAY THE DEBT WE OWE!
Why do you allow YOUR president to call a war widow a LIAR?

Get it done folks !
Your budget, ideology, economics, as well as your pseudo-social theory are bunk. More trickle-down for the high and mighty. Stop Lying!
Tillis ruined North Carolina now he is trying the same with the u.s.  vote him out ASAP
You will fail. We will dance on your graves and drink your blood from the skulls of your interns.
Dont you mean tax reform for the wealthy and more debt for the middle clsss?
How much dark money did you accept to make the Trump statement. Might as well fess up now
How committed are you to keeping Mueller investigation going? GOP wants to stop it before its completed.
So they try to keep his crimes cover are you in this too
Giving #TaxCuts to the rich which are disguised as #taxreform while increasing the #deficit is bad policy!
You forget something....RICH American people.
Tax reform developed by millionaires for millionaires.
U better because ur jobs r on the line! U don’t work w/ POTUS- u don’t keep ur job!!!
The POTUS is a piece of slime. He is only working for the rich. Not us real Americans.
Bi-partisan BS.  You should have said "so the Senate can pass #TaxReform for the American people."  That is why you can't get anything done!
So many Russians pretending to support my senator, @SenThomTillis, who is determined to harm citizens of NC by raising taxes on most of us.
More GOP lies. #GOPGreed
yes, y'all are committed to making yourselves richer.
The GOP has become complicit by embezzling Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid for the opportunity of self serving corruption.
Look mom! Old white guys talking complete nonesense!
Again, get @realDonaldTrump out and you’ll not only help Americans, but you’ll help the world!
Even @USATODAY says that @realdonaldtrump and @GOP “tax reform” is nothing more than a tax cut for the 1%. #TaxReform
Tillis you are a big disappointment to the voters of NC. You are not for us but just to your rich donor friends.
“this is a deal where most of the benefits go to the wealthy and large corporations.” @GOP lies. #TaxReform @Washingtonpost
It is a crave gift to people who don't need it. What about CHIP

Tillis will be gone in'20, he does not represent NC. Tax reform is a fraud.

8harps .com
You mean, for the American rich people.
Hahaha! Now try saying this without laughter. 
GOP is giving huge tax cuts to the very rich at the expense of everyone else and increasing the deficit.  No, thank you!
How much money are the big corporations paying you?
You F*cks Passed 2017 Budget that was Total Betrayal.

We taking out all RINOs in Red Races
The rich ones.
We the People know you are about to rob us, to line your and your donor$' pockets.
Vote them out
Go @GOP !!  First we give cut to the most deserving 1%, then we move on to rest. We will get there. We will get there
He is serving David and Charles Koch...period
YES! KEY IS: American People, including, unemployed grads, seniors, infirmed, etc., (not just) Working Americans
The Mercer's and Koch's are Americans, so this technically isn't a lie.

Over/under on # of Republican Senators who will be indicted : 22
Why in God's name to you to cut taxes in the midst of numerous and expensive national catastrophes? The party of fiscal responsibility isn't
Party over country, y’all just don’t get it.
How about stopping your boss from starting a nuclear war first?
Thank you
Not listening
Nope

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
Why does GOP want to end Mueller investigation?  GOP wants to continue goosestepping with a traitor, and sexual assault predator.
This Tillis? What makes anyone think he is serving the People and not all these DONORS?
Lose lose for America
Does that contain Medicare cuts. Why should we suffer because rich need more money? No one will answer these questions.
If they need more money ask http://Koch.You  talk about entitlements well so am I. You are not entitled to my money.
No, you guys are committed to killing hard working Americans, and handing out corporate welfare! #GOPwtf
You mean so Koch will finance you.

Give it a rest...wait until we fill the vacancy at the White House...

#TrumpTaxScam
About put some effort in on gun legislation ?Shirley the NRA will let you pp some
But are you committed to getting food, water, medicine, fuel, generators and MORE TROOPS to Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands?
Go GOP 
