We want THE WALL, Any one that is  illegal should not be able to get MONEY, FOODSTAMPS, HOUSING--NADA!! @SenThomTillis  get with the program
We also need to get rid of the "anchor baby idea" it's nt the law it's an interpretation of a law (Chinese/railroad)
We have a broad range of issues that we would like to discuss before you leave from recess. When can we expect a calender date 4twnhll meet?
question is "Why are they on vaca again after a week off for the 4th. I want that job/why don't they do any wk in DC?
I hear ya. I want to get thousands of dollars in pay, just so i can ignore people, do what i want, and take vaca as often as i can.
So..corporate farms pay$8/ hr & society(*NC citizen tax payers) get to pick up
illegal costs.   $36 /hr  Including Health Education Welfare
So nobody unemployed in NC?
Good point/ppl in favor of more immigrants in the states need to lose their jobs 2 one of them/they'll chg their mind
RINO Tillis:
- sponsors unconst bill to stop Trump firing Mueller
- blames Russia hoax for Ocare fail
- says immig. cut hurts NC!
Why would it be bad Now who pays for them people we need somekida sustainable future here
Really?  How silly Sen T is
Get rid of Tillis
Primary this non-conservative Chamber of Commerce, Soros and Bilderberg puppet at first opportunity!
You r bad for our state Thom!
Senator Tillis myself and your constituents would like to have you schedule a town hall meeting. We respectively ask you do this soon.
If the knucklehead does it will prob b n a mostly dimm district
Have to join in being the squeaky  wheel with me if we are going to get anywhere with this.
As a soon to be property owner and resident of North Carolina, I can tell you that voting against the will of the people will not stand!
What if the will of the people is wrong? Serious question. And I don't mean you're wrong, just speaking in general.
You're bad for America
Maybe you should find a plan to train Americans- I know crazy concept.
It would be bad for your rich donors because they would have to pay American workers higher wage&benefits.
Time to #DrainTheSwamp
You need to think out of the box for the effects on the Nation when our jobs go to illegal immigrants and Americans live on welfare!
You are a total fool and against everything that the taxpayers want to happen! Go work with liberals and see what that gets you! No more!
Are you one of the bad , self serving , establishment politicians I ask??
I will give you the and 2 that question! YES
You've promoted amnesty for illegal immigrants, so it's no surprise you'd be bad on all immigration matters.
Didn't know he did that! He wld the hv got my vote if I had known that
500,000 visas allow for plenty of legal workers - do be more safely for us and them. Think of the nation, not just NC.
Hey we live in NC, if you want the legals/illegal immig have at it/The only ppl that come out on top are politicians
A posting of this meeting on twitter or facebook would be appreciated. As well as a local run ad on tv, newspaper, and radio. Thank you.
Agree
Tillis is correct! We need foreign workers to handle jobs that NC Residents refuse to do in Agriculture, Restaurants, etc. Stop & Think!
NC citizens can't get jobs because of this idea... I pulled many a tobacco leaf in my time, worked in restaurants etc... it's killing the US
Yep I also Picked My Share of "Barns" of Baca, great work & Learning Experience & ETHICS, Bought My first Car w/those Monies. 
Me too Dave !!
51 percent of immigrants are on welfare and free healthcare.We have vets dying on the streets don't there lives matter.Your not a good man
What in the ever living h*** is that addled brain knucklehead thinking/we already hv 2 many illegals taking up jobs
how many welfare live on or near a farm. How dumb
Bad for your donors
I bet @realDonaldTrump writes in an exception for hotel labor.
Tillis must go! 
Tillis is an anti-trumper and opposes anything trump. He is a democrat disguised as a republican.
If USA really needs them for farming etc., allow them to come via work visas without public assistance like welfare/food stamps etc. 
How about #wrecklesstillis or #failedagendatillis
He is absurd. Looking forward to him getting voted out....
Sen tillis sucks for our country he needs t resign have a special election he is a traitor to GOP only cares Zhou being reelected
Well, yeah.NC loved them some slavery.With illegals you dont have to house,clothe,feed,care for them. Much better @potus #maga #deplorables
Support our President!
We gotta get achandlecon immigration. Stop all immigration until the recent deluge is assimilated and figured out
Bad? That's why the wages are so low in NC: the illegals will d a job for half the going price on any job. Who is he kidding???
Understatement !  Unless thousands of American workers are going to sudeny. develop an interest in careers as buss boys and pickers
NO IT COULDN'T.. Make Americans take the jobs or lose public assistance.?  Workfare.
I don't think you need to run again!! You're against our President!
Use the distribution of public assistance to force NON EMPLOYED Americans to take the jobs 2 get the $
Don't u do nothing republicans get it? We elected Donald Trump we believe in him we won't let you get away with the witchhunt !
Senator Tillis another do nothing Republican!! Tillis,you couldn't shine Donald Trump's shoes!
As much as I didn't like Tillis or Burr, they are representing when shit comes to shove.
CUT IT>>>>>
Sen.Tillis   Is obviously trying to make a name for himself on the back of Donald Trump our great President !!
Trump is proposing taking the immigration standards back to 1965 when everything was merit based. In 1965, Ted Kennedy changed it all around
YES, WE NEED A MILLION LEGAL IMMIGRANTS WHO GO RIGHT ON WELFARE & HAVE NO JOB SKILLS.
Maybe Tillis needs a housekeeper or perhaps gardeners or nanny?
nope they will migrate there from the left coast, and other states
Dumb, put Americans to work first. We will always be bringing immigrants in to America but right now, Americans need jobs and safety first.
s w a m p
Tillis wouldn't approve a nominee till he got 15,000 more H-2 visas. The #RaiseAct is common sense & is about green cards, which he confused
It costs $64K 4 ea refugee/illegal entering US, 91% get food stamps/73%  Medicaid/68% cash/housing. What cld U'r family do w/$64K?
#WelfareAbuse I’m comfortable w/it & I don’t need 2 look 4 [a job]  bc I get a check from gov't every mo”
Drain the Swamp
If there were not so many illegals, then maybe all of the farms and other businesses may have to step up and pay a decent wage!!
It cost taxpayers $64,370 per yr for ea legal immigrant coming to US + higher property/sales taxes 4 schools etc & US citizens jobs
NC has a lot of Mexicans working on the farms th at can't speak english!
Support RAISE Act you nit!
What is so bad about the raise act, Americans should be the priority and aren't anymore! #America1st
@SenThomTillis You& the rest of the @GOP either support @POTUS or y'all can all look forward to being voted out/replace w/true Conservatives
You were voted in on President Trump's coat tails . Now you are trying to remove him from office . You are are pathetic !
I know it will be good.
You need to go, son. #RINO
It could be, and it could be not?!! The only way to find out is: to do it!!!
Thom. how can saving jobs. public assistance. medicaid. food stamps. section eight housing. be bad for this country?
Say good bye to your seat Mr Tillis
Mel oops I mean Thom you are an embarrassment to our party!
Traitor to the Folks in His District, re: New Hanover County
U  R not just pro amnesty , a phony   & anti Trump There  R millions of Americans out of work  hire them ...TRUMP voters will see u in 2018
Any state that doesn't have full employment should explain to their constituents why they are bringing in more people and what they will do
Tillis needs to be primaried. We dont need Repubsin Democrat clothing.
Hypocrites! IF America votes 2bring in Eligible Legal Immigrants 2compete ONLY 4 @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP U will NOT too cavalier abt that...
GOP Senators are becoming as unpopular as mainstream media.
94 MIL Americans out of the workforce & there aren't enough US workers to keep the US economy (increasingly using robots/machinery) running?
BS. America & open border CA don't have enough "cheap labor" illegals (20 ML) 2 pick crops when only 3% of foreign workers R in agriculture?
Thank you, Sen. Tillis. There is NO common sense in any way with this proposal. Please stand up to @POTUS on this!
why would it be bad to have educated immigrants entering our country legally?  oh you think its good to have uneducated illegal allens in US
Tough it out, hire Americans, get people off welfare! HIRE VETS.
51% of current immigrants go on welfare. How could reducing that number be "bad"?  What is wrong with you?
No senator! It'd be good! Do you not understand that mass immigration is changing USA & it needs to be slowed down! We voted for this!
RINO!
Non-rep and RINO Thom Tillis has been an idiot since the early 80''s - why give this dipshit a voice?
How many ablebodied people not elderly,disabled or single parent unemployed on government assistance in North Carolina?
For your Chamber of Commerce owners.
You guys need to recall him like Lindsey graham
You need to hold a rally like our great @potus here in NC so you know what ur people would like instead of you wanting to fatten ur wallet
What is it going to take to get you to get behind the @Potus I'm sick and tired of hearing the things that you have done against @Potus
Thanks to Tillis, for standing up against the corruption and incompetence of @POTUS.
Why?
Tom Tillis is a democrat and an establishment politician. Nothing more.
Guess who I'll be voting for when your term is up...NOT YOU!!! I regret voting for you...you LIED to the people of NC.  Traitor.
Why do you hate LEGAL immigrants?
RINO needs to be voted out!!  Cares more about money from Agriculture backers then Americans!
Losing votes by the second Tillis! NC will not forget your reckless actions against our President...we're going to drain the swamp #traitor
Imagine that...the fake Republican siding with Democrats...we will not forgive your actions Senator...start looking for a new job!
Potus stands for please president let us smoke weed cause we are lazy. Pot-us ,get us high , legalize weeds for an excuse not to work .no no
Or the proposal could be smart and enlightened policy similar to Canada or Australia
I think you are bad for America and a total waste.
You may as well go to the democratic party. Your definitely not working with our president
This senator is a traitor to the american people.  He hates the President and he needs to be voted out of office. Enough of corruot politics
u r doing whatever in DC we live in NC why/how can u say this PLEASE stop you have NO clue! We voted Repub because we want imm control.
Fact is you don't know, but instead of saying that you take any chance you get to undermine Pres. SAD!
America first. Good Lord.
Listening to you today Makes me realize what is wrong with America. I cannot tell if you are Repub you sound like a democrat
Your part of the swamp, get on board with Trumps agenda , stop obstructing him ...
**you're
WHY aren't all bleeding hearts not capable of separating the legal from the humane aspects of IMMIGRATION? It's the Law, not human rights!
Of course you do. Republicans should align with our @POTUS. #DrainTheSwamp
YOU probably think it could be bad because lobbyists who line your pocket will turn against YOU and YOUR cash cow will dry up.
Tillis is a Dem in Republican clothes and an obstructionist. Another one who says one thing and does another. Will not be getting my vote.
North Carolinians will figure out that opposing Trump, putting immigrant welfare above theirs, and pretending to oppose Ocare is who you are
You are not doing what we elected you to do....you won't be voted back in so enjoy turning your back on us while you can !!
Wow! There’s a "brain trust" hard at work! It’s also un_American Senator and morally wrong.
Of course he does, he's a communist.
hahahahahahaha
It could be very, very good.
These @POTUS haters must be very careful, cause they are going the way of 18% Flake in AZ They smell blood, but @realDonaldTrump is a winner
Didn't read proposal doesn't understand English I guess.
The GOP & Dems in Washington want Trump out. In 2018 vote for new blood in congress & senate. Vote GOP to help Trump but new guys, that help
I think it is good!!! Matthew
Who do you think grows the food you eat? Legal immigration leads to advanced agricultural knowledge.
As long as there are ablebodied Americans not elderly,disabled or single parent unemployed on public assistance they need to work!
It could be good.
Still waiting for a qualified candidate to fill that Senate seat.
Under Trumps Immigration Points System. His grandparents nor yours would have been able to enter the U.S. Racist #TrumpRussia
. Legal immigration should b stopped altogether until all illegal immigrant are removed
I think the reelection of @SenThomTillis would be a bad thing! What's broken is enforcement!!
He is now taking English classes and wishes he had leaned before he came. When we do not enable people it is love.
I can tell you this. My helper at work has a visa and his English is very bad. It's making his success very difficult and everyday life hard
Create a law giving a quota for temporary, seasonal workers. That should solve most of those problems.
I thing this is an issue of just balance. It's not good if we stray to far either way. Start with a number and adjust.......
You Mr. Tillis are bad NC I am surprised that my home state even elected you. I hope come election day they help you pack your bags
Oh don't worry we all saw his disrespect on TV ! He is out in North Carolina!
I hadn't realized that NC had full employment
Tom Tull is is the bad in NC. He needs to shut up and support potus!
https://www.tillis.senate.gov/public/  Sen Tom Tillis link to contact info
No its great. Too many American citizens out of work. Must slow down intake. Focus on American citizens please. There I asked nice one time.
Why don't you just switch parties now your nothing but a rino
Many times in our history we didn't just limit immigration we closed off immigration for periods of time so immigrants could assimilate 
Someone run against Sen Tillis
I maybe your Man, but I NEED Support. I'm 4 the people & support #MAGA 
+ I'm a OUTSIDER!
Well Senator Tillis, won't vote for you again....... obviously you are not the republican we in NC thought you were....
No clue. Swamper
Get behind POTUS agenda or get out. The American people want and need immigration reform in the form of slowing down both legal and ileagal.
Tillis is really a dem.  Should be run out next election.  Non supporter of Pres.
Support @POTUS ... all Congress should be on the same Healthcare they pass for the people. Do they deserve something separate? Get  to work
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP  Stop listening to K Street Donors  Get Rid of 1954 McCarren-Ferguson healthcare anti-trust exemption 
Stop obstructing.  Dtop feeding dems. I repeat stop grandstanding.

As long as there are unemployed ablebodied Americans on government assistance no need for temporary workers!

You promised to support our president. We expect you to do it
Thank you when he's up for reelection vote his ass out he's been doing everything he can to get @Potus out
I hope to run Against @SenThomTillis
Handcuffs on Trump - or taking away President's rights. You will be the next one personally sued.  You took and raised money for the GOP
YOU WERE MY CONGRESSMAN BUT WOULD NOT VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN! HOW DO YOU COME OFF TELLING @POTUS HOW TO DO HIS JOB? STAY IN YOUR LANE OR PAY...
This takes job from people in the USA, this happen to me. So it has not happen to you.
BOT ALERT!
I've got to hear this explanation. I doubt I'll buy it but I'll listen
It's RINOs like you that make up the SWAMP.
I am so tired of the BS from people like you. Get with the program or get off of the train!
This guy is nothing but an anti Trump sewer creature. We see right through you. Get a backbone and support our president or get out!!
Well, the USA had no immigration from 1924-65.  Got by well enough then.  Use the USA welfare candidates for work / training.
Thank you Senator @SenThomTillis
Don't think Sen Tillis, it will and is bad.   we are an agricultural state. we need help to bring in the crops.
ps when did you say you were having a town hall.  we can discuss this issue and other issues.
Are you so racist that you think only Hispanic imagrants can pick sweet potatoes?
Peter, back in the day, did you know Amer. Teenagers picked crops? To "help" buy school cloths in the Fall? I was One of those..
#jsav are you kidding? The bill will allow for migrant workers for NC farming Get your act together
We need to slow down all immigration. And deport all illegals now. Yes, there are sob stories, but we must put America first. Much overdue.
Thank you @SenThomTillis , legal immigration is a bedrock of North Carolina's economy. Both for the farming and the high-tech communities.
I think @SenThomTillis is more concerned about his donors not getting cheep labor than Americans getting jobs. #RAISEAct
Swamp
