Like the beard G
Doesn't matter, you still won't have my vote - Barack Obama made sure I'd NEVER vote Democrat again.
Thank you, sir! We are counting on bold leadership like yours!! #MSActivist
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator, from one of many elderly and disabled Michigan citizens!
W
O
w
STOP BEING A FOLLOWER AND DO YOUR JOB.. MI KNOWS YOUR SUCK-UP WAYS....GROW A PAIR AND DO WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS HIRED YOU TO DO..? R U doin?
If you really care about Michigander health, support #MedicareForAll --big pharma donors be damned.
Keep following orders from your Dem leadership and not "We The People"
Was proud to have MI represented by you and Sen. Stabenow in this hearing. Sensible, articulate and intelligent. Thank you.
Get it, Gary! Thank you!
Thank you from a constituent!!
Thank you for speaking up for MI citizens. Thankful for your dedication.
Go get 'em, Senator!
Thank you for your dedication and hard work!
Thank you so much for fighting for our healthcare! This Michigander really appreciates it!
Thank you Senator. Doing us proud back home here
Oh yes, believe the Democrats
Thank you, Senator Peters!
The name of the new Trump health Care
CRAP CARE 2017
Looks like crap care 2017 is DOA looks like Trump failed once again. I love to hear him cry.
Medicare for all
Slacker? I guess that ends that convo.
Blocked her.
Thank you!
Are you on Obamacare? NO! Why not?
Thank you Senator Peters. Oh captain my captain. Thank you as well @SenStabenow. The dynamic duo of Michigan.
Thank you sir!
So what is your plan????
You are lied so many times you are really getting to be a professional liar .
Thank you!
Thanks Senator.  
The bill says "rip away Healthcare from Michigan families"? Stop lying
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, senator!
thank you for saying no to the #GrahamCassidy bill.
March on!
Love the beard! Thank you for fighting this! Now please push #MedicareForAll so we can end this debate & start addressing other issues!
Thank you Senator Peters
Speak more and often!
Thank you, Senator. We're grateful that you and @SenStabenow are looking out for Michiganders and all Americans.
Thank you Sen. peters! Please help the people of the US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico! They are Americans for Gods sake!
Keep up the fight!!  Someday big business won’t influence how congress should vote and it’ll be about “We the People”
Keep fighting! Also keep the beard.
And from all the other states' families. And territories.
We need you to vote Yes on this very important bill to get Healthcare out of Washington and out of your hands.
Thank you Senator, from four of your grateful constituents.
Keep on fighting @SenGaryPeters
Give 'em hell Gary!
Get em!!!! We want single payer!! Thank you! Keep the beard!
I know you will carry our voices with you
Cdr, like the beard
Thank you, @SenGaryPeters!
Thanks, Senator. 
Thank you!
#ThankYou
Thank you Senator Peters
I hope you also spoke out against the arrests of peaceful protesters.
Let them have it!!!
Thank you.Keep fighting to Fix ACA.
Thank you Gary for all you do! Nice Beard.
thank you!
Thank you!!  We can’t let them win this one, we all have too much to lose!
Thank you for all your work.. Appreciated 
Senator time for you to retire. You don't represent Michigan voters
Thank you Sen Gary Peters for speaking out and demanding high standards for Michigan consumers in need of health care...I applaud you 
Keep Hope Alive!!!!
THANKS!
Only 11 million signed up, left 20 million uninsured but insurance companies made record profits in 2016. Screw You Gary
Thank you!!!!
I LOST my coverage due to Obama Care - Thank you so much...
Good bye Gary...do nuthing obstructionist
Please stop embarrassing Michigan.
BEARD TO THE RESCUE!!
Defeat Graham- Cassdy!  Please Vote No to this Killer Bill thank you
Thank you!!!!!
bless you and thank you
Giddyup!
Thank you on behalf of Ohioans too.
Thanks, Sen. Glad you’re my Senator in times like these!
Thank you
just no single payer.
Thank you for your leadership!
Thanks Sen. Peters! MI is lucky to have your leadership!
Handsome beard, and please, please, please save our healthcare. From West Bloomfield.
Thank you Senator Peters!
Have at 'em Gary.  Also, great beard!
I came here to say this. :D
Keep speaking out. Us michiganders appreciate it!
Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator! #KillTheBill
Thank you Senator, please continue to use every tool in your possession to fight this cruel bill and #ProtectOurCare
