@SenateDems Agreed
please do what you can to fight this. What can we do to fight it?
what a true statment. So happy to have you represent us!
#MuslimBan #resist
let's stand up to ignorance!!!
cannot use government money to support these people.
trumps policies and behavior bring shame to our nation. Thank you for standing strong
Well if the Dems every get another POTUS they can start their 1st term on a bigger, better world apology tour 
well have a lot to apologize for after this orange clown
Someone needs a hug....

I'm more of a cat person 
Refuse Senate procedure until the ban is lifted. #ShutItDown #resist
NO to sessons and devos!
thank you Senator Peters. Please keep sounding your voice, and stand up to these injustices.
as a constituent from MI dist. 2, I want to join other voices in urging you to seek a broad bipartisan counter to this ASAP.
Completely support EO on Immigration.  Stop promoting hysteria with your fake news.
STOP SESSIONS, STOP DEVOS, STOP EXXON 4 sos, STOP TRUMP. Mi ganders hav your back 
Thank you for opposing the #MuslimBan on behalf of the state of Michigan. I appreciate your strong leadership on this.
so true!!
thank you, senator peters!
@SenateDems Senator, HOW exactly are you fighting this attack on the constitution? #MuslimBan
deny the Syrians no, but don't put them ahead of other people who waited 2 years or longer.
thank you for supporting our Muslim communities. What can we do to help support u to continue to fight for them? #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for standing up for justice! I'm proud to have you representing me in the Senate.
sir - urge you to vote against all Trump cabinet nominations.  Sessions and DeVos are as twisted as hateful Trump.
Thank you! From a constituent!
Thank you for representing MI in a positive and compassionate light.
Thank you for speaking out against the EO, please stay strong and fight against Trump!
Thank you for speaking out against this ban. Now, what has to happen to stop it?
Thank you. #NoWallNoBan
- Thank you for standing up to this horrible situation.
Yes! Please use all procedural mechanisms - including withholding of consent on other Senate bus. until the ban is lifted.
Thank you for making a strong statement on our American values. Please make it in front of cameras!
so what are you doing right now? Are you at DTW? Are you writing legislation? Are you openly talking about impeachment?
uh huh...what about this?
Todd's American Dispatch is an opinion column, not factual news.
sorry...
That's another opinion article.
Come on. It even says it right at the top of the page.

CNS News, funded by the Media Research Center, to balance the bias of the liberal news media.
That news article in no way states that the government was preventing Christians from coming in, only that
time to impeach!
@SenateDems stop talking and act. No time for campaign rhetoric
@stabenow will you two be at the airport today for the protests? I hope so, because we'll remember what you did.
Talk is cheap.  Let's see action.
Nice statement. But what are YOU doing as MY senator to put a stop to this ban? #StopTheBan
Glad to hear you're proud to represent them, but please *protect* them as well, to the very best of your ability. Thank you.
I agree. Thank you Gary.  48220
But, we should still vet people coming into our country; we have that right.
How many Christens or Jews do you know of have been involved in terrorist acts? ISIS means Islamic State.
#stopsessions Sessions cannot be Attorney General for all Americans, his anti-Black, anti-immigrant beliefs unconstitutional.
Thank you for standing in opposition to this inhumane ban.
thank you, Senator!
YOU and other senators need to take stronger stand and stop this!
So Whose Civil Rights do you plan on Protecting?  We need those in the Muslim community to turn in those who want to do harm.
you better not vote for sessions. The sleeping giant has awakened and all eyes are on you.
But what are you going to do? Also, what about Bannon, what about Russia and the election? #StopBannon #russianhacking #nomuslimban
thanks for your outage re #MuslimBan   What do U plan to do about it? Mich needs you to act to protect our Muslim community.
The intent is to make sure we know who walks through that door of ours.  Nothing wrong with that.  in fact it is smart.
thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
we need you to stand up asap. GOP relentless stand ag "Benghazi" etc. you must do the same. All voters watching!!
Obama did the same thing.  Did you speak out about it then?
as we stand bye and watch the slaughter in Syria
Bannon on the principals committee! Dir of national intell & Joint Chiefs of Staff out! HELP US!
Thank you. What action are you planning to take to stop hateful policies against them now and in the future?
amen brother 
yes we should
Thank you, Senator. Please fight this with every resource you have. We are supposed to be better than this #nomuslimban
Thank you!!!!! Please also work hard to convince Repub senators not to back Betsy DeVos for Sec. of Education.
I will stand with you!
Thank you for this statement.
clueless as Stabenow. Protect Michigan citizens first. Why don't protect the persecuted Christians from ISIS.
Thank God one of you are paying attention tell Debbie Stabenow to step it up. We're all paying attention now.
you must act.
Say something. Take a stand. We hold you accountable.
do something. We are watching you. Silence is collusion.
you are a good man
Really? Then why did u vote 4 Kelly? UR vote betrayed all we stand 4 #RESIST STOP HELPING A MONSTER
@SenateDems Withhold consent!! This is the time!
@bannerite TRUMP LIVES IN INFAMY! Hateful and hated creature !
@SenateDems FIGHT THIS INJUSTICE! Trump and his ilk are going to destroy what our country stands for! Block him at every turn
Swell, dude, but we're gonna need more.
@bannerite For this mental midget to repeat the horrors of the HOLOCAUST by THIS PIMP's White House is a crime! DUMP TRUMP!
Thank you Senator, now please do something about it.  I thought we had checks and balances...it doesn't seem like it now.
how can we help put a stop to this madness?
Thanks, Senator. We can handle Twitter. As a lawmaker why don't you see what you can do to stop this insanity.
why give him hell? Our adversary is the GOP.
This is an honest question. What are the Dems doing to right this wrong?
the GOP needs to hear us.
@metrotimes Great. To ensure the civil rights of Arab Americans already living here, vote  to confirm Sessions and Devos
keep fighting for All Americans.
How will you fight this?  We need action.. now!
#SHAME U voted for Kelly U betrayed all US stands for #RESIST STOP HELPING A MONSTER Millions are terrified #ResistTrump
@Honey17011 @JoyAnnReid @DailyLiberal1 @WeHearPodcast Now is what we want our elected officials to sound like.
do something in the Senate and Congress to block his executive orders. Don't just tweet about it!!!!!
Thank you! What is the counter plan? Is there legislation being drafted to oppose this? What differences can we help make?
Do something about it? He works all weekend, where is our reassurance from you? Not working this weekend?
thank you for speaking out against the Muslim & Arab ban and choosing to protect the rights of ALL. Keep it up!
As a constituent, thank you for your statement, and I hope you will take action on this soon.
Except in 2015 when dems supported it
So what can be done to reverse this policy? How do we help?
@DeadlineDetroit so what are we doing to stop this?
@DeadlineDetroit We need action to stop what is happening to our democracy!!
Maybe if the #Islamcis stopped killing people and blowing stuff up this kind of thing wouldn't happen?
@SenateDems Did You forget that America has been at War for the past 15+years w/Terrorists Infiltrating our Youth
so what are you DOING? What can we do?
Thank you for standing up to this horrible abridgement of what makes America great!
Please hold press conf with other Dems in front of Capitol - denounce the Admin; show unity in resistance. PLEASE
Proud supporter of yours!
@SenateDems Then don't tweet, do something.
Very upset with the detaining of legal immigrants at JFK. Please do what you can to stop this insane EO!!
@AngelaZirpoli How do we stop the ban? How do we stop religious tests if they're happening?
I'm frustrated like you and trying to figure it out.
I get that.
-- Thank you for this sentiment! I join with your other constituents here and ask: What are you going do about it?
and all constituents please let me know how many u will let live at ur house not knowing anything about them. Best thing yet.
Thank you, Senator Peters. Keep fighting! #resist
But what are you DOING to stop this?!?
thank you for speaking up, sir.
don't just tweet about it. Do something
Thank you!
Do something about it.
Thank you Senator Peters!
not just tweet!
I dont care what you have to but if you dont get on the front lines and oppose this travesty and ever other #DNCFORUM
@SenateDems grow a pair Dems, finally have a pres. with a pair. Sad u let it get this far. Remember Boston?, San Bernardino?
@SenateDems we can't have it both ways.  The GOP blames US for creation of ISIS but now won't pick up the collateral damage
@bannerite Preach it, Sen Peters!!
@Tommy8668 JUST SAY NO 2 EVERYTHING TRUMP!!!
Thank you for putting American values above fear and hate. Please keep working with your colleagues to fight bigotry.
Please fight hard to stop this regime-like agenda. We need you! Stand strong! There must be enough R's to help!
@TheDemCoalition Thx, Sen. Was wondering when "except those I don't want" was added to the "Give me your tired, your poor..."
please do everything you can!
As a constituent, I hope you will stand for what's right. I will not accept a #MuslimBan. #NationalStrike
You mean to tell me Saudi nation communities are now taking applications there? If not, why not?
@BCpoliticsmores Great tweet sir. I agree. So when are the @SenateDems going to stop tweeting and start fighting?
@SenateDems since we have a president who doesn't care unless senate does something it will only get worse
@bannerite Then help dump trump and tell ur colleagues to dl the same instead of just throwing out slogans on twitter
@SenateDems  I agree, but it appears to be happening.  What is Congress doing about it and how can we help?
No we should not. But we should turn away terrorists.
@SenateDems Obama created Isis
As your constituent, I thank you for your statement. But, yes, we need strong ACTION.
@TheDemCoalition OK, Now will u guarantee that none of them ARE ISIS? I think NOT!
Why are Dems so afraid of republicans? Fight god damnit
thank you senator. Ignore the ones who've drunk the poison & keep opposing this madness.
@SenateDems PLEASE DO SOMETHING
@SenateDems  Thank you for opposing this injustice. We must hear the voices of our elected officials as we resist oppression.
and what do you plan to do about this?
@SenateDems Agree with Trump. A temp ban is needed until a thorough vetting system is in place. Americans' safety is #1
@SenateDems  Are you referring to those same Arab communities that took to the streets cheering after the 9/11 attack in 2001
Every humanitarian activist should leave from #Asia, #Africa and middle East, because #Trump needs them
thank you for standing against the #RefugeeBan ... what Trump is doing is unconstitutional and immoral
@SenateDems get to work-stop the madness! It's inhumane, unconstitutional & it jeopardizes our deployed troops!!!
Thank you. as a constituent, I'd like to know what you plan to do (besides denounce) to stop this executive action?
This requires drastic action on the part of Democrats. You should all already be assembled in Washington to meet and demand time on TV.
@SenateDems take them into your house, lead by example
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump Trump has in one week put this country farther apart which will weaken us, Putin wins
@igorvolsky Thank you for the statement. Now we need action against this Unconstitutional EO.
withhold consent.
Proud of you for speaking out, Senator
Words mean nothing! He voted 4 Kelly ACTIONS NOT WORDS #RESIST STOP HELPING A MONSTER
thank you for standing up for what's right, Senator. Please continue to #resist
now do something
@igorvolsky Great tweet. Now FIGHT, dammit!
This is not a strong enough stance. What Trump is doing is illegal and immoral
Please use more than words. Please use your power to help those currently denied, and fix this unconstitutional EO.
My new immigrant neighbor shared kubba hamuth two nights ago. I returned clean bowl full with chocolate valentine candies. 
Then shut down the Senate until illegal EOs rescinded. No UC on anything, place holds on all Trump EB nominees.
Well we have. So what are you going to do now?
Thank you Senator Peters for standing up for what is right & just.  That is my America.  #RefugeesWelcome #ResistTrump
Thank you from a constituent in Mt. Pleasant.
Time to #ImpeachDonaldTrump!
Agreed. Please do everything you can to stop this rush to destroy our republic. I served proudly to defend it.
thank you for your service and your continued effort to fight for our country. Peace and love. @SenGaryPeters
I appreciate the sentiment, but what will you do to combat it?
Thank You so much . This made me tear up. I am feeling so scared for all of them.
you're my Senator. I appreciate this post, but you have to do something about this!!!
Agreed. Now what are you planning to do about this?
looking at his voting history keep voting 4 trumps nominees Words mean nothing! ACTION! #Resist
and I like your PAC contributions funded by SOROS
http://leftexposed.org/2017/01/george-soros/ …
...okay, what are you going to do about it?
From a constituent, thank you for standing against the #RefugeeBan.
Where were you when Obama was denying entrance to Christians fleeing war torn zones?

We know what Soros and you are doing
thank you for not letting fear and ignorance influence you!! Keep it up!!
when can I stop by and stay at your house
please do everything in your power to block every action the Trump admin is taking until the orders are lifted
