He should, but his words are that of a neo-Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing our nation. Please urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amend.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4793016/Anti-Trump-activist-executed-Republican-neighbor.html …
yawn eh senator - frickin hypocrites.
Wrong, murdered by nutjob Nextdoor neighbor who had been a problem for all his neighbors.
No not wrong and accurately reported by a lib leaning news source the Daily Mail. Take it up with them if you have alternative facts.
Yes read the whole article, yes he was anti-Trump but that is not why he murdered his next door neighbor. If you read from the local news
Yes, he is wrong. He is destroying our country. #impeach #25thAmendment
Lots of lefties that hate here too.
HATE ON ALL SIDES
both sides did wrong why can't your side understand that
You are correct, but what about antifa? BLM? they love puppys and rainbows. OH wait a minute, Baltimore, Ferguson, Berkley.....
Trump is correct-KKK, BLM, Antifa are all the same: Extremist fascist groups
BLM=Black Panthers
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Did we watch the same news conference?  Did he state anything that wasn't factual? Stop playing politics! We face greater threats right now.
agreed. Antifa are anarchists/communist anti-American thugs.  If you support this group you are just as ideologically corrupt as KKK.
Help us the people by removing Trump from office
Trump isn't going anywhere so get over it!
Pfffft.  Nazis are directly responsible for 50 million plus deaths.  Some of the worst shit humanity has seen.
That ain't got shit to do with these kids today if my whole family can't go somewhere because of there skin color then that's a problem BLMN
Phoenix rally speech of .@realDonaldTrump leaves no doubt that he is unfit to lead. 25th Amendment. Thank you for all you do Sen Peters
So you're saying the black Panthers are a love group bet if these white groups were called white lives matter it would be different
Senator Peters, please tell me what you are doing to remove this hateful rhetoric from the White House. Words are not enough.
Wrong, Communists versus Nazis.  Let them tangle.  Arrest the survivors.  Destroying history is a tactic of Nazis, Communists and Muslims.
White supremacists sow violence and are evil.
Antifa sows violence and is evil.

It's that simple.
Silly conflation.  Antifas are opposed to a political ideology. White supremacists are opposed to races of human beings.
http://www.berkeleyside.com/2017/05/26/eric-clanton-charged-four-counts-assault-deadly-weapon/ …

Antifa are opposed to political ideology but if you disagree with them you get pummeled. Violence = Antifa
If you draw no distinction between the two, and simply condemn both for violence, you are blind, deaf, and morally bankrupt.
KKK Antifa BLM etc are terrorists & all use violence and intimidation to get attn. anyone that disagrees is being intellectually dishonest.
Yes komrade!
That's what he said
Why are you not mentioning the BLM, Natifa?  Black hate groups who did not hv permits. You @SenGaryPeters are pandering. Shame on you.
Sen. Peters - also simple: bringing long overdue articles of impeachment forward.
Can we impeach him now?
Antifa and blm are garbage also.
Agree but they dont corner the market on hate. #Resist Antifa and BLM shutting down free speech with beatings and incendiary devises is evil
Thank you for speaking up.
Thank you for your comments.
Fake President
Sen. Peters, Is there any discussion of outlawing hate groups such as the KKK?
Don't forget BLM=Black Panthers too
Congress MUST get him out now before he destroys the country. Nazis scheduled in SF and other cities
What you say is true, but sowing hate and violence is far from the exclusive domain of neoNazis.  A lot comes from the left too, esp antifa.
As a Jew, APPALLED that Dems r not demanding Trumps immediate removal. It's surreal that that call hasn't been made. Enablers?
How do we deal with this? What can I do in the next 24 hours to make this better?
You are feeding the frenzy with your comments!! It's no wonder we have people rioting.
You are sooo simple.. get off your motorcycle and read or listen!! It's because of you Dumbocrats that ther is hate. You are skewing news
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you Senator.  Time to invoke the 25th.  Please.
Unless one side attacks itself, it takes 2 sides for a fight to occur. Unfortunately the Ds cannot grasp this fact. You need to help.
No Senator. All hate is wrong including what you the Democrats and the #fakenews have been sewing. You see hate and this is the result
No, Senator, he blamed two sides and correctly so.
My father was in the Antifa in WWII.  It was called the 15th Air Force, 464th bomb group.  Please remove the traitor in the White House.
Thank you.  Someone should buy your colleague @SenStabenow a TV.  Apparently she hasn't gotten the news.
What about Democrats in Congress that take contributions from For Profit prison corporations?.....& Republicans as well?
- don't use violence to advance democrat agenda to divide country and promote violence your not that good at it !
He did .... quit hating
Correct. Party/politics are irrelevant here. It's not rocket science.
Who is causing hate now ?
Only one side initiated this madness, and only one #POTUS enabled and emboldened the bigots who make up that side.
yep, this is why Trump has to go
It's also very simple that Antifa went there to agitate and cause the violence that broke out. White Suprem is disgusting but also far left.
Thanks, @SenGaryPeters. This Michigan girl appreciates you speaking out on this.
The president is correct. You had two extremist groups looking to pick a fight. WS and NN are wrong in their beliefs. Antifa is also wrong.
antifa literally stands for anti fascist aka anti nazi
Yep. And nazi stands for national socialists. Literally Bernie Sanders and supporters. Antifa is a people focused on destruction.
dude cmon, you're not that dumb to equate those two things as the same or think they believe the same things
Thank you Senator.
What are we going to do Sen Peters?I'm a person of color & I live in MI. I'm not comfortable with what I'm hearing. I want action not words.
Ma'am I agree actions speak.  This is what they are doing. http://www.thedailybeast.com/sessions-dojs-top-people-to-investigate-charlottesville …. @sengarypeters is only speak words, no solutions to fix.
Thank you Senator. Looks like the bots are after you. Be safe out there.
He understands that and he said that.  He also understands that ANTIFA and BLM  are also hate groups that are cut from the same cloth as KKK
Thank you, Senator.
When will you condemn Antifa's violence?
We do knoww one thing, Republicans will put up with a lot for a tax cut it seems.
It's pretty pathetic, eh?
Imagine a carried interest deduction and a top rate cut.  You can goose step your way to the Mercedes dealer with that kind of cash. /s
Watch it Gary. He condemned all sides and all violence. Stop spreading LIES.
I'm thankful @realDonaldTrump condemned all violence and bigotry #AltLeft violence and racism is just as #AltRight violence and bigotry.
Bullshit.  My grandfather died young with a Nazi Bullet next to his heart.
