Amen! Go Gary.
He needed to go
This is what trump tweeted earlier, he thinks he's above the law. Please show him he's not
@RepSwalwell @RepAdamSchiff @JeffFlake @RonWyden @MaxineWaters @SenWarren @RepCummings @SenWhitehouse this is what trump tweets 7min ago. 
YES, get one!
Yes we need an independent special prosecutor. Push for it. Russian influence over presidency is a huge cloud over the USA.
Thank you Sen. Peters! Please keep doing all you can to hold Trump's feet to the fire!
You will get your SP and when that person signals that POTUS is clear, will you then shut the hell up or will you continue to be unhinged?
Thank you Senator. We are calling our senators. We will march. Americans deserve special prosecutor. So sad for our country.
Thank you, Senator Peters.
A call for a #SpecialProsecutor is a patriotic defense of #ChecksAndBalances & rule of law.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Thank you Senator. This should be everyone's focus #TrumpRussia #CompromisedAdmin #WeNeedTruth
Thank you senator peters
Seems like the FBI can't do their job. It wouldn't have taken this long.  The Russian hole is empty no matter how far you dig.
So toss Hillary in the investigation, it will be outlandish not to investigate her now.
Your next
There is no collusion,stop spreading lies,  otherwise your deep state chronies would have leaked it out by now,acpt she lost and do your job
Thank you Senator! Please push for this.
This should be enough to begin impeachment proceedings
Thank you! Proud to have you representing our great state!
Trump firing #Comey. This should signal "this is the End," 
         - #JimMorrison
We need outrage from our representatives.  Protocol be damned. Take the gloves off!
6 months ago you WANTED him fired ! Classic liberal
Please keep pushing do whatever you can
#Impeach45
Please do all you can to appoint a Special Prosecutor.
Thank you for calling for a special prosecutor. The #Trumprussia connection must be exposed!
Trump tweeted on both accounts
All Senators of integrity..who honor their pledge of office must want to get to the truth We've been wanting to see Rs/Ds work together!
best reason for you/ @SenStabenow  reach across the aisle! Clear malfeasance by @realDonaldTrump  /Russia makes all POTUS decisions suspect
@Csams0512 Yes!
I hope your talking to the other Senators dem and rep to get this point across. We have had enough with the politics and need the truth!
@Dimanc59 Seriously. You should be way more pissed!
I will work on it 

Yes please
Please gather Senate colleagues of character to oppose this coup d'etat
Pretty sure Comey isn't doing the actual investigation.
Saying it here is great. Say it where it matters. Go high profile. Fight for this country. Fight for us.
Hello idiot! Our objection is to Trump hiring his own investigator! He made bad decisions but there's no impugning his credibility & ethics!
He didn't.
Stand tall Senator Peters  Michigan and the country is counting on you guys to get to the truth
Give it up. Even your 2 buffoons said there was no collusion. It's old and tiresome.
Do you think Comey was getting ready to give Flynn amnesty. That could mean Trump wouldn't have to defend what Flynn said. Just a thought.
Thank you from a grateful constituent!
Stop quoting Schumer. Get your own brain.  Comey was not the one investigating. Someone who worked for him is.  The investigation continues.
remember they wanted to change our 3 systems of government
Nixonesque?!
We need more than that. This president is dangerous & we might not survive him as a democracy. He destroys the very essence of America.
Thank you, Senator!
Puppet talk. Please work to be independent in your thinking to better serve all the citizens of Michigan. Enough divisiveness!
@SenStabenow This applies to you, too.  Per Clapper, no evidence of collusion but Dems keep squawking. WHY? Partisan overload!
Yes!!! Business as usual should stop immediately.  An independent investigation of Trumps possible collusion and ties to Russia must begin.
Whose permission do we need to get special prosecutor? We certainly can't count on the legislature.
No permission, congressional vote.
Then we're FUBAR.
He was Bill Clinton and Lorreta Lynch' lapdog. Trump didnt trust him. Needed to get his Atty Gen before the firing and to help with new dir.
Stop talking about it and appoint one.
Let us Get This Done!  He is Guilty. We Need To Start Impeachment Proceedings. USA is Compromised as Well as All Americans& Our Security!
As my Senator, how do we/you get that done?
By getting off his _ss and working! Needs to shut up and get to work.
Exactly!  So how do we make that happen?
We got it. But what we don't got are Democrats with chutzpah. It's easy to post your anger but WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT?
Make it happen, Senator. The emperor is out of control.
MI constituent: I do not believe @POTUS is under investigation for 'his' ties, maybe his campaign is being invest. would be more accurate
I'm your constituent.  Please make sure this happens!!!
Well get it done, are you working on that?  Tell us what to do, this is getting really scary.
When I was 16 I worked at a Wendy's that had the superbar! Donald Trump came in and made a big salad with......RUSSIAN DRESSING!!
#ranch
as a citizen what can we do to push for an speical  presecutor, just call our congressmen?
Why would President Trump have anything to hide ??? Gary Peters has a tie to Russia that Comey and the FBI hid I bet !!!
Comey clearly dropped the ball on investigating HRC. If you are incapable of putting party ties aside and see that, MI needs a new senator
And the final straw. Time to impeach the president and stop this constitutional crisis. #ImpeachTrump
obstruction of an open @FBI investigation Trump must go.
There's no time for that now -- Constitutional Crisis has arrived. Do we still have a Legislative Branch of Government? Seems not.
As my senator , I'm scared
Impeachment!
