First, Senator tell me how wisely & effective was this money spent and then how do we trim the waste, then we can talk
really? Your primary concern is the fiscal side? How much will it cost if it's gone?
just need to spend wisely is my point
and you're not wrong. But there are costs to inaction as well. Stay vigilant my friend.
Less protection from invasive species.  Ever try fishing for carp (they don't strike at hooks and lures).
it means you aren't doing what you were elected to do. Instead of whining get off the bench and get in the game.
as the climate changes widespread drought is a reality, fresh water could become more valuable than oil #greatlakes
#GLRI protects public health, supports a $5 trillion regional economy, & preserves 95% of US fresh water #GreatLakes
this sen. wants to con't. the waste, fraud, & abuse of the EPA; MI res. don't want this & stand w/ U!!! #MAGA 
since when is it the federal government's responsibility?? The states should bear the cost of protecting the lakes!!!
Flint, MI was disastrous enough.  We rely on clean air/water.Need oversight to keep our Great Lakes great!!
Yeah, how did Govt oversight work for Flint?
to what are you referring?
A loss of clean drinking water, and lake fish for my family. Damage to economies of countless towns. 1/2
2/2 I grew up fishing Lake St. Clair, vacation along Lake MI-and now vacation on Lake Huron. The Lakes are my life.
,Hold a news conference on Trump's assault on Great Lakes. His supporters need to be informed of this.
Can we slash any support for you Mr. Peters? You do not represent Michigan or America as a US Senator !!!
The deflector in chief has a disdain and disrespect for things human, its only about the money.
2/2 @SenGaryPeters @POTUS these cuts will also promote the exploitation and damage to natural resources that belong to ALL OF US.
Another lie from @POTUS - support for clean air & water claimed in his speech to Congress.   What a #liarinchief
we need to fight these cuts to keep invasive species out of our lakes! (Esp. Again carp) Resist!
destruction of 1/5 world fresh water = public health crisis. Bad Trump.
1/2 @SenGaryPeters @POTUS these cuts would end my current job stiffle a career that I've trained for extensively for
@onetoughnerd If Trump is REALLY about jobs, this doesn't make any sense. This is a job & economy killer!!!  #morejobs
so we should destroy it.  The Hudson was once designated as an industrial waste dump
our clean drinking water would be at stake.
over 40 years working to stabilize the ecosystem would be effectively neutralized and eventually lost.
Since when is the fed gov responsible for MI?  It's not their money.  Great Lake states need to get together and fund.
We need to protect our environment for future generations.
remembering dead fish on the beaches of Lk Erie...1963
Not to sound flippant but "Keep the Great Lakes Great" may be one way to sum it up.
Most valuable future resource is fresh water not oil. Essential to life & depleting. Great Lakes = future goldmine.
Unhealthy Great Lakes are bad for the economy.  Keep teh Great Lakes GREAT.
we need to protect the GL via Public Trust. @FlowForWater
Disastrous!
everything this man does affects my 15 yo son's future, all he's ever wanted to do was protect the planet.
the great lakes are so unique and beautiful, we need to keep them as clean as possible.
the drinking water source for several states would require more treatment to be potable
I remember bad old days of polluted lakes & rivers. Thanks to EPA we can swim in and drink the water. We can't go back!
Great Lakes are a treasure. We  clean water, wildlife, fishing & our kids' health. #protectHOMES! Thanks--the Mitten
the EPA does need to be reined in - but not this valuable program.
what is being done to oppose the proposed cuts to the GLRI? The Great Lakes should not be a bargaining chip!
The Great Lakes are so important because of safe drinking water, swimming, fishing, tourism and Michigan's economy!
I'm afraid of what happens if the line 5 breaks, if OPG's proposed DGR for nuclear waste fails, and we have no emergency $.
(2/2) A huge number of Americans depend on the Great Lakes for water, jobs, industrial activity, tourism.
Do not cut any funding to preserve and restore the Great Lakes, the largest body of freshwater in the world (1/2)
We need the clean drinking water, the tourism and recreation, the jobs associated with each.
The Great Lakes hold 90% of US fresh water. You think oil is important? Wait until there's no more clean water.
I would but your phone number isn't on your web site. You might want to fix that, unless it's intentional?
We need water to survive. We need earth for food. I am willing to fight for our resources to be clean!
.@SenGaryPeters @POTUS the Great Lakes are imperative for global carbon cycling which is important for global climate change
.@SenGaryPeters @POTUS  for instance cherry orchards, blueberry bushes, grapes
.@SenGaryPeters @POTUS healthy Great Lakes ecosystems are important for local climate moderation and enable specific crops to grow there.
.@SenGaryPeters @POTUS clean Lakes are a huge tourist draw not just to Michigan but also to Wisconsin, Ohio, New York and Pennsylvania
1 of the largest sources of fresh water in the world. Tourism = huge for MI economy. Childhood memories for most of us
stand up to @POTUS & GOP colleagues.Tell them how important Great Lakes are to michigans economy, ecology, and way of life
The Great Lakes would become polluted with run off from factories especially at a time when regs are being lifted.
Live on Lake Mich, grew up on Erie. Prefer my kids and I not fish, swim in E. coli-infested water. And that's just starters
our Great Lakes are worth fighting for A national treasure that needs to be protected and cherished.Thanks Sen. Peters
the Great Lakes are Life!
these cuts would mean destroying the natural beauty by corporate greed polluters. Tourism will decline.
We need to know it's safe to drink, eat fish, swim in and that something is done when it's not.
Life. Water is life.
WE DO NOT ACCEPT POISON AS A WAY OF EXISTENCE.  IT IS TIME TO SLASH @GOP FUNDING FIRST.
keep our air and water clean.  Fund these Great Lakes to keep them safe.
This is just an extension of the President's anti-science pro rape the environment for the benefit of the rich agenda.
pretty sure he already knows, but you may want to warn PM Trudeau, because he's going to be the one having to clean up.
Removing protection of our Great Lakes, a vital natural resource, will only make America worse. Oppose these cuts!
You are so right Senator Peters! Why ruin the fresh water of the GREAT LAKES as the source for so many @POTUS
Michigan voted for @POTUS and to make America great again. This is how you maga, apparently.
.@POTUS #GLRI & #EPA cuts would add to my healthcare cost, decrease quality of life, & waste money spent on past remediation!
Grew up spending time with my family at Lake Michigan. Tourism + people's livelihoods + people's health. Cuts r ridiculous.
@onetoughnerd Drummind Island's economy depends wholy on tourism $'s. Polluted lakes and Asian Carp threaten our jobs
The lakes of the GT Area are where I spent the summers of my childhood.  My children lived in the water each summer.
← Dist 1 @SenGaryPeters, w/ EPA deregs we need a stronger budget to keep our lakes clean. Too many lives and livelihoods depend on this! T/Y
We must fight them on this Senator Peters!  Thank you'
