I'll vote NO on Peter's next time on the ballot! Your in a Red state now Gary! Stop obstructing and crying and get to work!
*you're
thank you Sarah!  Public school education! Point proven#DeVos
thank you, senator peters. I appreciate your resistance to this administration.
Because it's worked so well so far?  Time to change things up and run it like a business.  Wake up.  Are you that ignorant?
Uh the woman isn't qualified to run this "business". It's like having Beyoncé run a Microsoft.
Because it's worked so well so far?
The DOE should be abolished.  It's a states rights issue.  Wake up.
the school system needs a shake-up and now it's going to get it.
Great! Now fight for them by blocking the rest of tRump's cabinet or SupCrt picks.
schools do we teach kids not to bully not to lie not to cheat or steal  did I just describe  how the grow ups are acting
you voted for Hillary too. Same result. You lose. But the country wins. You're wrong again.
I'm getting frightened of what's happening. Keep up the hard work.
Thank you, sir.
thank you. And our country needs educated kids in order to be "great," or even competitive in global market.
- Thank you, Senator. Please fight just as hard against Sessions.
Thanks for showing up to the Senate always to prove your willingness to work for the people of America! Oops- you didn't?
Thank you for your no vote. I'm so proud both of my Senators stood up for education.
thank you senator for continuing to fight for our children!!!
thank you!!
keep fighting for our children! Proud dad and veteran and I've got your back. Thanks
thank Sen Peters. Try to stop Sessions next! But please special counsel to investigate Russian Trump involvement. Not FBI!
Thank you for putting our children first.
Ok Senator, we here in MI will remember . You think education is A OK in this country. You just can't stand up to the unions.
LOL. Says a unionist. 
takes one to know one
Thank you Gary and  you are not in a red state; you are in a blue state with election anomalies as stated by U of M
Where BD goes disparity widens Dark day for too many kids My last kid graduated college last yr But I feel for less fortunate
Thank you for your hard work! #NoonDeVos
thank you Senator Peters.
Thank you Sen. Peters
Thank you Senator Peters for standing up for our children, schools, teachers, etc.
, thank you!
she still got in so slow down on the back patting senator. Get to work making a change. We need movement against this admin
Thank-you!
Where is the realtime evidence of the union and Democrat leaders working hard in the inner cities to make them great?
thank you!!
thank you.  My daughter is a future educator and I  fear what her classroom  and  curriculum will be.
thank you for opposing DeVos today! Thank you!
So wrong. So left. So hypocrisy!
Yes On De Vos
Unfortunately the repukes are bought and paid for. Now we watch our Public Schools die.
Yes on De Vos. This is what our school system desperately needs.
thank you for your efforts. People are losing hope we need a D plan.
thank you Sen Peters!  What do we do now?!?!
thank you senator!
THANK YOU GARY!!! 
Thank you, from MI, for standing up for us!!
Thank you!
thank you for trying.
thank you!
Thank you! Please keep fighting.
Same old cliche... I'll keep fighting for you, right
Thank you Senator Peters, there are many behind you cheering you on in this fight for our kids and grandkids!
Thank you very much for trying to look out for our kids and our education system. Thank you for listening.
Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. We need you to now vote NO on the rest of the nominees.
Thank you for trying. It's unbelievable that partisanship actually led to this disaster of a pick.
THANK YOU!!!
Thanks, Senator.
DeVos has 30 yrs exp. fighting 4 better ed. 4 children.  What have u and the unions done for children's education?
Thank you.
you want Govt control of the kids. Can't common core & make choice possible. @BetsyDeVos @POTUS @briancalley @onetoughnerd
thank you!!
thank you, Gary!
Thank you for standing up to this travesty!
thank you.  To bad the GOP doesn't seem to care about our kids.
thank you!
Thank you, Mr. Peters.
thank you senator
Thank you for making a stand against the sale of our children's education!
thanks Gary, let us know how we can help come reelection time. Keep progressive man. #justicedems
thank you Senator Peters for standing tall
.@SenGaryPeters Thank you.
thank you from Michigan!
Thank you for that #NoonDeVos !!!
thank you!
Thank you Senator for continuing to fight
Thank you.
thank you !!!!
thank you.
Thank you, Sen. Peters, for representing the views of your constituents!  We need to keep eyes on DeVos more than ever now.
Thank you Senator! And thank you @SenStabenow too.
I had foolishly hoped that one more Republican cared about our children's future...
Thank you!
Thank you Senator, we will need you now more than ever and we are behind you
Thank you!
thanks for the no vote sir
Thank you!
@SenStabenow thanks for doing your job and voting unlike some of your fellow members
Thank you!
I wonder if those who voted yes for a totally unqualified person could explain why she deserved their yes vote.
Because she donated lits of money to their campaigns.
Exactly. No other qualifications whatsoever.
thank you for your effort. This is a sad day for America's children.
.@SenGaryPeters That is why we need to vote NO next time U are up for re-elections!Pay attention who won the last election.
@SenStabenow Thank you for standing up for education, and voting against an unqualified cabinet nominee.
Dude, u are fighting for teacher's unions. At least be honest abt it #DeVos
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you, sir. I'm glad that you and Senator @SenStabenow care more about ethics and children than ppl buying votes.
Thanks. Proud of my senators.
Couldn't you have kidnapped one of the Republican senators until the vote was over? :(
thank you Senator
Thank you Senator!
Education is a state and local concern- should have nothing to do with the Dept of Education in DC @SenGaryPeters
Thank you and @SenStabenow for doing the right thing. Keep fighting. We need you two more than ever.
Thank you. I support your decision
Thank you senator, keep up the great work.
Your vote is disappointing. You failed Michigan and our country. Is is time for you to be a leader.
We thank you for your vote.   We must do our best to block unqualified people.  Donating money is not a qualifier.
Thank you Sen Peters
public education is the problem and you are part of the wrongdoings Petets
Thank You
thanks, count on my vote again
That's cool that you did, but now what will you do to ensure children continue to have quality education as we move forward?
Senator ...keep fighting...America needs you to articulate the risk to American democracy (aka freedom) with Jeff Sessions.
thx Gary
#IAmTheStorm Bravo, sir.
Thank you! It was not for naught. We will remember that you fought for us.
thank you!
thank you, Senator. I'm proud our state did the right thing.
thank you!
Thank you Senator Peters!
Absolutely stunning someone so befuddled with the question on growth vs. proficiency could become Secretary of Education.
#gunsforgrizzlies:-/
Thank you -
Thank you!
Senators aren't that champion. Humans have made it this far without them in our heads, we will make it farther now their out.
Thank You
thank you.
Thank you for standing up for school children.
The problem with EGO it cannot be fixed. Think 8 billion on this planet where are you in line?
Thank you Sen Peters!
What are you going to do to fight for them next?
