Thank you and thanks to Debbie Stabenow as well! Now we must watch every move they make as they can't be trusted not to pull a fast one.
Like the fast one democrats pulled in passing Obamacare in the first place??
Senator. We voted for Trump. Quit resisting and get on board with his agenda. We voted for him too
He votes for his constituents, not for Trump. Do you not understand how this works?
Nothing to be proud of.
You "stood up" in favor of high premiums, high deductibles, fewer choices, big gov't.
You are a disgrace to America.
Thank you for fighting to help save healthcare!
You should stand for veterans with TB. The Detroit VA steals benefits from them right in front of your face. Please help veterans.
Thank you senator
Proud to have you as my Senator! And excited that Senator McCain stood up for what he knew was right.
I don't understand the people mentioning how bad premiums have been. That's true but they would have been significantly worse if this passed
Before OCare my premiums were $44 a month. Now about $250. This is better? Pray tell!!
You can thank Marco Rubio and the GOP for the rise in premiums.
No you can thank Obama and the dems.   Meanwhile many will be without healthcare because Obamacare is imploding and the dems are watching it
Great job Gary, keep standing up for the little guy. Your constitutes are grateful that your standing strong against all the AHCA versions.
Stay brave and fight this onslaught of grear evil
Thank you for your vote, Senator Peters.
That's gonna leave a mark!
Not proud that your my senator!  Resistance just proves that Trump was right. You are part of the swamp that needs to be drained
Thank you
Thank you.
Thanks Gary... I guess I'd better not need a Drs appt anytime soon. Btwn premium & deductible I can't afford one. How's your coverage?
You elected officials don't have to worry about premiums. Hard working tax payers pay for your FREE insurance. U bunch of lairs & crooks!!
Wow I'm sure you are Michigan's hero. How many people are on Medicaid that should be working and  paying for their on health care?
THANK YOU for voting people instead of politics!
That's great-now step up and work on compromise with Republicans to really solve problems
Remember that in November when we show you the door out
Thank you!!!! ♡
Thank you!
PLEASE, stop ignoring that @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins did the HARD work! They were open about their opposition & were threatened 4 it.
Thank you, @SenGaryPeters and @SenStabenow!
And as A American who works his ass off , I'm proud to say you helped Fuck The freedom of choice for Americans over , do you understand free
Stop playing politics and do what the Majority of Americans want. Obamacare is a failure!! We need reform, start w/ insurance  companies!
Thank you!
Great job guys.Stand with the people 
Please support #SinglePayerNow. It enjoys bipartisan support among the people.
Thank you!!!
Why does no one give credit where due to @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski without whom this isn't possible? They've been NO all along!
Tweets be short.
Thank you for voting to keep our insurance unaffordable. Vote this man out of a job!!!
Thank you for your integrity tenacity and service!!
Thank you so much! We appreciate your service every day!!
Thank you!
Go ahead and run. We will vote u out.  Dems pigs
Thank you for your support of access to health care (esp. mental health care) AND democracy #SkinnyRepealFAIL
Keep fighting for us! Thanks Sen. Peters. Wish they would work on some bipartisan business instead of raping Americans of our rights
And the absolutely courageous Sens. Collins and Murkowski!
Thank you.
Why would you say you voted the way you did for MI families. My vote for you will also be a NO.  how many families asked you to vote no?
Don't give McCain so much credit. 48 Dems and 2 other Reps voted NO. They're votes are just as decisive. And no one else created a "show".
#voteanyonebutpeters
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenGaryPeters & @SenJohnMcCain -- now please work on a bipartisan universal payor plan--make the playing level for all Americans!
Your constituents thank you!
Thank you for fighting for health care for all Americans and stopping Trumpcare! Keep fighting!
Your forgot to acknowledge the women republicans that  voted "NO" on the MTP. They didn't turn this process into "a show".
Thank you Senator!!! So thankful to be from the great state of Michigan!  Keep protecting us!
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
You own it now. Fix it fast or pay the consequences when the entire economy crashes.
... and give the majority in MI (who voted for Trump) the bird.
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you! Now let's work to strengthen the ACA!
Thank you for being on the side of the people. Proud to say you are my Senat
Thank you and keep up the fight!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senators!
Thank you Senator's! Don't want to forget the ladies @SenStabenow @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Thank you all!
Michigan families do not want Obamacare. That's why we voted for Trump! Only the millions on Medicaid want ACA. All of Congress shld hv ACA!
Thank you, Senator Peters.  I've been terrified for my elderly parents and this gives me hope.
Thank you!
Now for the big push for single payer! We can do this & your voice is extremely important. Save money overall & advance our nation's health
repeal and replace! OC has failed! Stop obstructing and fix this!
Thank you!
My family and I thank you for voting "No" and representing Michigan and it's people in preserving ACA! 
And Michigan families thank you from the bottom of our hearts!!!!!
Thank you!!
And @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski -- the two Republicans who stood strong all the way through this sh*t show. MI also thx @SenStabenow
nice too me too sirthis number 212641096389 or 0641096389  is it  number phone of lawyer afermach abdelhamid country morocco city agadir
I'm NOT PROUD to claim you as my representative!! We will replace when your term is up. We do not. We'd any more Bernie sanders clones in DC
Thank you!
McCain has once again proven his heroic approach to governing. He is and has always been a hero to me.
Collins and Murkowski have always stood up for their constituents. These women should have been included in the behind closed door session.
Perhaps if women were given the same difference in the Senate there would have been a better outcome. Women can make better decisions.
Glad you're proud that you continue to steer the bus towards the cliff with no corrective action in mind #stupidity
thank you.
Would you like to pay my 5k deductable? I will send you the bill. Thanks!
Thank you for standing up to preserve ACA @SenGaryPeters
Until it causes the economy to collapse, your not gonna like eating shredded paper
Thank you for voting no an protecting people's lives.
Alongside John McCain is not a good place to be. Thank you for ensuring ACA fails and HC is out of reach for so many Michiganders.
Thank you @SenGaryPeters
Thank you from the bottom of my heart, @SenGaryPeters
Sure, wait till the food riots start because no food due to economy failing at the expense of healthcare
Thank you, Senator Peters!
Thank you!!
Thank you for protecting me, and our future! Collins & Murkowski are real heros today too!
Until our economy collapses and there is no food like Venezuela. Its almost 20% of GDP and growing fast
Thank you!! (from GR, MI)
Thank you. That bill would have left a bigger mess for later.
Well that kind of goes without saying! No Dems voted for it! I'm Independent. Stop Senate Circus! Reg order! Bipartisan! Do it right!!!
When will close the loopholes for you and your buddy's exemption from ACA
Exactly right. Why do Senators get special treatment using our tax dollars and done have to use the same crap "insurance" us regulars have?
Thank you
Thank you, Gary!

Is he a Republican?  If so, so sad.
Hopefully Michiganders will know what to do during the Mid-term Elections.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thanks, Gary!
