don't be so partisan Gary, he's well qualified and you know it. Don't force R's to go nuclear
Garland was more qualified and you know it.
The Rs talk about partisanship, but seem to forget about Garland.  Short memory, maybe?
you should ask Biden about that
Once again, can we move beyond your partisanship?
Thank you!
Very disappointing. No good reason pure partisanship. I had hoped better of u. You've lost a future vote from 48146.
I've read your statement sir and respectfully say its hogwash.  Repeating the party talking points is not representing us.
Gorsuch is a foe to disable people. Bad record. Thank you
I vote no on Gary Peter's
Prez Trump won 77 counties to 6 for Hillary in Michigan. U vote the Democratic Party line. Makes 1 wonder who U work for Dems or Mich Voters
My bad it was 76 to 7 in counties.  But Dems only view Wayne county as most important in all the counties in State.
@TylerClark39 vote however you want. Gorsuch will be confirmed with or without you
vote him out. NO PARTISAN POLITICS
oh just another "inside the trump bubble" troll
Good retort!!!  nice info!!! pathetic just spew hate!!!
you a bot?
stock reply. No value to u vote 4 gorsuch or vote peters out 2 partisan
Yep, I read your dubious statement, RE: Neil Gorsuch NOT RIGHT to be new Justice on #SCOTUS. You are a PAWN - you will be replaced.
#disappointing
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch's nomination to #SCOTUS
I will be voting NO on your reelection to #USsenate
Thank you 
That's great but why did u vote for the bill that allows the selling of our online data to ANYONE? Please explain yourself!
With all due respect Senator Peters, it is a mistake to give a no vote on Judge Gorsuch. He is obviously very qualified.
do you all just copy and paste your statements Vote yes stop the political bs
Thank you
The Senate should not move forward on President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee until after the FBI’s investigation has concluded. Thanks!
Thank you Senator! As a person (and not a corporation) I appreciate your position on this.
thank you, I am a Michigan resident and I approve you not voting on him.
Thank you!
Thank you and God Bless You!
We have 2 Michigan senators who need to go.  They do nothing for Michigan voters.
Why? I strongly dislike the POTUS be Judge Gotsuch is a good man who doesn't legislate from the bench don't vote no because of who nominated
thank you Senator Peters!
Thank you Sen Peters, for standing up for all Michigan citizens.
Thank you senator. We need to start a check on @stabenow she seems to side with trump. She out next voting. Peters in!!!
Thank-you!
"Attaboy, Senator," I said, respectfully.
Glad you are voting NO on Gorsuch. Why does neither your tweet nor statement address cloture?
thank you!
Thank you for voting no on Gorsuch. #MerrickGarland 
Thank you for your insight.
Thank you! I'm glad you're one of our two outstanding senators from Michigan.
You are NOT my senator!!! The only reason you are voting the way you are is ENTIRELY POLITICAL! You can fool some  but not al
Thank you
PLease keep your word on this. Ask your colleagues to do the same. We need to pay back the pubs for what they did to Obama!
well done
thank you!
I'm so proud of my two senators! @SenStabenow
@SenStabenow  Thank you both for position on Gorsuch. Now let's start demanding an independent investigation into Russia ties
start with bill and hillary
Thank you, but will you also vote against cloture?
Thank you Senator Peters!
Is a foolish politician.  No Vote for judge Gorsuch proves it.  A judge is not a legislator and not a politician. Gary a fool
thank you
Thank you, from a constituent, for making a decision based on this nominee's extreme views and actions.
Perhaps if you're upset at his constitutional adherence, you need to pass laws that better recognize humanity.
Well done. Thank you, Senator.
Follow NY Chuck to the end of time.
vote him out NO PARTISAN POLITICS
How will you vote on Cloture? Don't forget how GOP Senate treated Merrick Garland
Thank you!
My Senator! Thank You.
thank you!
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch!!!
I will vote no on u and stabenow
Filibuster! Block!
Thank you. Proud to have you as my senator!
thank you.
Gorsuch will be nominated!!  Reid gave us the nuclear option!! Stabenow and Dems voted Gorsuch into the 10th Circuit. All political.
Why, is that what Pelosi told you to do?
Thank you @SenGaryPeters! Keep up the good work!
thank you for doing what is right!  Can we keep pushing to delay the vote until POTUS is not@in criminal investigations.
Bravo!!!
THANK YOU!!!!
then you will be voted out
Thank you!
Thank you! (Your constituent)
@TylerClark39 we don't have to. You're just a sore loser. Schemer would pay you back later if you voted for him anyway.
excellent
Thank you @SenGaryPeters for standing up for everyday Americans to #StopGorsuch! #MI #MIpol
"Your approach is out of step with mainstream American values and we will not support you to serve as MI Senator.”
our MI senators would rather blame an almost never overturned judge then do their job and change bad law.  Hyper partisan
vote him out NO PRTISAN POLITICS
A judges 1st duty is to administer 'justice' & his habit of unjust rulings, blaming letter of the law makes him unfit for SC.
No, his duty is to interpret and apply the law. If the law is broken it's up to legislators to change it
I read your statement, now read mine: Your lockstep partisan position is an abomination. We, your constituents deserve better
thank you!
Thank you!!
thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Peters  Your integrity keeps me focused and hopeful #resist #voteno #JudgeGorsuch
One term Peters!! That's all you'll get.
Thank you Senator!
thank you
and against cloture?
Thank you! A nomination by a  potus under investigation should not be approved.
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you!
Thank you! Will you vote no on cloture as well?
He's qualified.
Thank you Sen. Peters. I am so glad that your values and mine ( and a lot of Progressives in Oak. Co.) coincide. Stay strong!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Well done!!
Thank you!
. The Lever is not Forever
but will you filibuster 
Thank you!
thank you!
thank you senator Peters, from a constituent. Please be willing to filibuster on the floor, too. That's Gorsuch's seat.
Thank you Senator Peters!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you! #Cloture #SCOTUS
Right decision. Not fit to serve with too narrow model of law, on ADA, etc.
good
Neither 1 of our senators have good reason to vote against Gorsuch.  All politics.  Not doing anything 4 our country.  Vote them both out.
it's a stolen seat
judge Gorsucch will inforce law not make law from the bench unlike Barry's appointments try to do
get rid of peters. Partisan hack
Thank you!
We will vote No if you ever run again for any office!  Gary Peters = NO
YES thank you Senator!  I had confidence you'd be a NO.  Gorsuch is a bad choice and the puppet shouldn't choose anyway.
Thank you Senator Peters.
that's called murder, Kevin.
TY now send that letter to my senator Claire McCaskill she needs a nudge.
get a backbone and vote yes for Judge Gorsuch. Dem hack
Thank you Senator Peters! All confirmations and EO should be suspended anyway till the Russia/Trump investigation is done!
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to #resist the agenda of this illegitimate administration.
thank you, Senator!
vote to approve Judge Gorsuch.  You represent the people of Michigan.  The people of Michigan voted for President Trump.
Not those of us with any sense.
Thank you, Senator.
Hogwash.  His judicial approach is to uphold the laws and Constitution.  He will be a great Supreme Court Justice.
get rid of peters
I urge you to reconsider your stance. Judge Gorsuch is extremely qualified. Obstructionism is not good for Michigan or USA
just want to say I appreciate your civility!
