No matter what side you're on, how about worrying about promises that put YOU in office.  this is getting to be BS on both sides
@SenSchumer Trump has proven that he will not side with workers on ANY issue. He only cares about the welfare of the corps
From his actions. His every E O has been to benefit the corporations. He is anti-worker.
All jobs so far have been Obama's work. Trump policies aren't in place yet. Join us in reality.
Obama did nothing to help the Syrians because he was scared Iran might turn down his deal if he did.
Does Trump stand for ANYTHING? How long are his supporters going to defend him?
You never heard the term currency manipulator until Trump said it. Where have you been for 8 years?  You're an evil, lying small person.
Chuck stop reposting other people post and start thinking for your self .
Another broken promise. His idiot supporters don't seem to notice.
Well we are idiots, can't expect much. That's why Trump will win 2020
trump will lose in 2020. Probably won't win the primaries. Probably, won't run! Thank God!
Obama's refusal to label ISIS as radical Islamic terrorists showed that he was unwilling to side with American citizens.  See how that works
He owes them to much money to be critical of them, they could bankrupt him.
I support you and oppose Trump. But let's be accurate. China is no longer a currency manipulator.
That phrase was never used until Trump used it.  Get your own phrase! 
Does this really surprise anyone?
Oh what a crock of crap.His pivot on China to handle North Korea also  putts  Russia on notice. If you weren't so Pardison u would c it
@SenateDems Why would Trump do anything to jeopardize his personal wealth and his Chinese debts
Instead of toting the Communist bag, tell us why he decided to change his views on labeling China?Or does that not support your hate message
You and your party never labeled China as a currency manipulator
Where hav U "Jonnie Come Lately's" been for the past dozens of years? Now U mouth off about Trump!  Schumer & Peters Democrap arseholes!
Sooo your first step in negotiations is to insult the other party? Please do us all a favor and don't negotiate on our behalf.
Liar
Yeah all that fine rhetoric about being the champion of the working class: all cheap lies to get votes. #FakePresident #Trumpsapos
Called negotiations!
Pretty sure we are looking for China to give us a hand with NK. Probably not best to call them names until little Kim has his toys taken.
Blah blah blah
Most ppl don't understand what this information means. I understand the need to keep it that way/in the past. Not now. Its long past time
Its all crumbling. Humans suffering. All it takes is for one person to explain it perfectly on a mere YouTube video. Stop him. Or tell them.
Let's see, China is sending back North Korean  coal ships, and now going to buy coal from the US. And China is also massing troops
On North Korea's border as a show of force with the US to stop North Korean ICBM development. But Trump administration isn't doing anything?
Are you delusional??
He could care less, he is nothing but full of shit and lies. He needs to be held responsible for his lies but that's not going to happen.
Not acceptable. Neither is HRC getting $225K/hr (5x avg annual wage) for Wall St speech. Great example of solidarity w/the American worker
Not with you on taking China this way, but I support you calling Trump out for not living up to his campaign promises, even the dumb ones
Can someone one explain Currency Manipulator? Not an expert in economy
and Trump broke another campaign promise. Imagine that?!
What are you talking about? Obama was willing to allow our trade deficit to continue not Trump; Trump wants far trade!
This is who the Electoral College put in the White House a self-serving narcissist lining his pockets at our expense
Trump has a chronic case of flip flop
politics!
He's negotiating trade w China re: North Korean aggression right now
Unless it coincidentally benefits him personally.
where else is 45 and Ivanka going to get their cheap ties and clothing/accessories made?
Total BS.  Job creation is booming.  Stop being a hack and get going on something important like CUTTING the budget like Trump has proposed.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS betrayedworkers #TREASON @AFLCIO @steelworkers @TheDemocrats @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
and this flip flop surprises you?
What's up with his statement the USD is to strong? Why's he saying that?
Just ONE MORE campaign promise broken.
War mongering doesn't look good on you... concentrate on this country spend your effort here!
POTUS is obviously talking strategy with China to control North Korea. If not we will take care of it and probably stop trading with China
what's in a label?
We have a nuclear crisis in Korea!!! Get your head out of the sand ? Your judgement is lacking, you need to establish priorities
You mean he's not looking out for the little guy?
China no longer a "currency manipulator" now that CHYNNNNA is buying our coal.  Go figure.
More lies from the orange side.  Thanks, senator for the fight for truth
@TheDemocrats must simplify their messaging, need bumper sticker @HouseDemocrats @DNC @TomPerez @NancyPelosi @dccc @IndivisibleTeam
You can't use white paper policies as an organizing principle in upcoming elections, what's the mission folks?
Why are american liberals so uneducated? They think from their ANUS
Labelling China a currency manipulator,should it be a good diplomacy at this early period? Mr Senator? You are one of the agents of failure
Couldn't agree more. Using GW's words "He's a Flip Flopper!"
Well he's waiting for president Ivanka to tell him what to do about china.
He wasn't for the American workers other than himself
@SenSchumer this is a stupid statement!!!
There is only one earth, Earth people should condemn the Taiwan government, the temple made air pollution.
Democrats in places like Michigan will attack @realDonaldTrump for not really being a friend to American workers.
@POTUS  Shows he's a wishy-washy whoosp. Uninformed, uneducated, unacceptable should be unemployed.
He @POTUS is the only 1 to call them that & is actually doing something about it!! Unlike U DEMs & GOP U have helped them & Profited from it
Trump is the currency manipulator now.
How much did those 150,000 Chinese troops to N.Korea border cost us?
Oh u guys are so tough and forthright now that ur boy Obama ain't around. Wow
@POTUS @IvankaTrump has to keep China making their clothing line. #MadeInCHINA
You and your accomplice @SenStabenow  need to wake up and smell the roses of retirement.  The shame is u will get a pension!
He's doing very well. It must me killing you. Does the pain of Hillary's catastrophic loss still cause you suffering? 8yrs to go leftard
He's a negotiations master. He's playing them you Demwit. How about China turning away 4 ship loads of coal from North Korea?
He has done more for the American worker in 3 months than you Democrats have done in 8 years. Just keep complaining you are good at it!
Come on guys...grandstanding is what they do...you're better than this...we need to BE BETTER
And where were u exactly during Obama's administration? Kissing his ass? Such a joke ur party. More of u will b replaced next election.
what do you call being 20 trillion in debt. That's currency manipulation.
@SenStabenow  you and debbie had better start cooperating and supporting @potus the Mi residents helped to elect him.  Let him work..
We need to replace you BOTH
Curious how you reported the same info when obama was in charge? Differently right?
@taninthesummer Complete 180. Proves he is winging it, campaigned on being a tough guy toward China. His voters shocked.
Are you kidding me, you have got to be joking, oh, you are a lying liberal, now I understand?
Is this a tweet from 15 yrs ago? China is supporting its currency not devaluing it. Is fact free pandering what dems will learn from 2016?
At this time when tensions are high I believe we need to not step on President Xi's toes.
I GUESS OLD BS COMING BACK TO HAUNT HIM!! -- STUPID ASS!!
Hey ladies, trump is playing 6D underwater Intergalactic Chess... if you don't wanna #maga then shut it and let the men go to work
@SenSchumer just jealous cause Trump is doing an awesome job unlike what you have done
How do you people get elected?
The Chinese are leaning on North Korea we can wait on your currency
I guess that would be the demo way to piss off the country that can help with Korea. Why do you guys think like that! Work together #USA1
What a load of bullshit.
I always knew there were DUMBASSES n the world but didnt realize that majority lives HERE n AMERICA!!!!!
Wind blows his direction opinion polls fluctuate response upon daily reflection, if upon poll his words change as frequently as his path.
Next the Dems will want to start a WAR with Russia and China
Hear we go again, fight Trump on everything even when he is right, lie to the people as normal, worst last 8 years w/Obama, Rice, Hillary
like that time Obama did?? Oh wait, no he didn't, that was Mitt Romney
I guess he should go ahead and label China, shoot the only thing crazy dude from N.Korea can hit is California....
The left totally ignored china for 8 years. Try to be accurate and consistent. It would be great if you were less political; more action.
I don't remember you calling Obama out. I guess you are just sucking up to Schumer
The #cucks are definitely exposing themselves #maga
No, it shows he is a professional, not making stupid comments to try to establish a working relationship, unlike you.
Haven't you learned anything about Trump yet?

Trump is a Documented Serial Liar who flip flops.

Get used to it.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
Your on the wrong side buddy . Wait for it big mouth you will learn .. President Trump will make you eat your words sucker lol
Repost you tweet or statement on prior administrations refusals
Subversive democrats the new way in the USA jail as many as cause trouble I say
Who's that president that the world is laughing at ? Oh right Obama your choice of 
Amazing that you are raising this as an issue now but we're too cowardly to do so when Obama was president. You both are racist.
You guys are so disconnected from the will of America you all should move to Mexico
So you guys are looking for a new angle Russia no long viable? 
Trump isn't going to do anything unless he (his company & brand) will get something out of the deal !
But I thought China was no longer manipulating their currency, e.g. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/04/10/trump-has-found-his-niche-fixing-problems-that-havent-existed-for-10-years/ …
Don the Con, promised workers so much , zero delivery. He did blow up 1/4 of Syrian Air Force
All of 45's action since Jan have been against US wrks-it was sad how he bamboozled them during campaign & sad how we all have 2 suffer now
Why has no president done this in the past? It's not a new revelation.
#Democrats' refusal to label #Mulims as #terrorists shows they are unwilling to side with #Americans. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpTrain
You democrats are complete fools.  Keep loosing seats
Just like Obama did. Stop being stupid senators
How is burdening the American worker with $10T more debt and outsourcing more jobs over 8 years of Dem leadership fair!? You live in DENIAL
Total Peters! Trump is trying to work together with president of China.It is absolutely ridiculous for you to criticize what you don't know
The one problem with this is that China has not manipulated its currency for several years! It's why they're facing economic problems now.
@SenSchumer Gary you are from MI the auto industry has been ruined by Nafta and bad deals by shit politicians like you!!!
Trump can negotiate better trade deals with or without an official label. Deal with it. 
Oh, Gary...wait a couple of days, he will change his tune....then wait and it will go back. When you all gonna learn?
Dude that's all he talked about during his campaign...Syria, Health care, tax code, infrastructure.. needs China deal with Nkorea right now
Just another Trump contradictory statement that won't change his supporters'views of him a bit
Trump is a liar. Bait and switch.  Trumpsters got shafted and are getting shafted.
There is more important things going on in the world. Stop and look around be forever you make a fool of yourself
Oh please, the American worker has not been considered by any admin in the last 20 years & u have been silent.
why are dem just now talking about this. Does this mean that if Hillary would of won they never of brought this up?
So is soros
How can he call them out when he still uses them to manufacture Trump merchandise. Just another lie.
Jarod just got some $$$.
Also going back on something he explicitly promised to do during the campaign. Trump's word is worthless #trumpregrets
china is now buying coal from the USA, tariffs are reduced, and China will now buy beef.
@SenSchumer Weak argument at best. NAFTA/WTO/China - Your creation! Now get some work done.
He's too invested in China Trump's conflicts of interest in China, Russia, probably Turkey, Iran? He was suppose to let his kids run things
Lol yeah, that's it.... keep digging loser
Both of you play with yourself too much. Semen ruins the retina make sure to make an appointment with an eye doctor
@SenateDems Doesn't Trump & family have apparel businesses etc. in China? Why is this not brought up.
Bull!  Stop it!  You people sound like idiots.  Currency manipulation is nothing compared to N.Korea!  You would attack Trump if he had!
So sorry it is not just one thing. Look at his lies, conflicts of interest, nepotism, continued involvement in his business, travel expenses
Or it could be that he admires the Chinese and what we thought were previous condemnations about the practice were actually praise.
Unfair trade was going on way before he was elected, why now a issue?
Didn't Obama also refuse? Wasn't that for diplomatic reasons? The same way we pretend Taiwan is or is not, depending, part of China?
Summers Eve
Aren't senators meant to understand foreign policy? What good is fair trade when you're dead? We need China to help with N Korea first silly
Hey clueless Senator I think there is a bigger game being played, but you should stay at the little kids table
But didn't he say that's what he was going to do?????
No! It shows the President is willing to keep an open mind and make a new decision based new information.

Senators... Your bull $hit is too little too late. You lost the American workers long ago. Labeling China won't fix the problem will it?
Maybe you should keep an eye on China and see what else happens
might it have something to do with all the brands the Chinese awarded him?
We can't be surprised that Liars Lie, Cheaters Cheat, Self-Interest-Driven act in their own interest. DT is NOT a good human being. Period.
That's rather old-fashioned of Microsoft Word to still criticize the use of the split infinitive.
Let's see what China does to curb North Korea before we get too judgy here. Try to think big picture
Yeah manipulating their currency so we get cheap goods?  What do we export to China...oh yeah green fun tickets...
China rejects North Korean coal shipments, opts for US supplies instead http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/04/11/china-rejects-north-korean-coal-shipments-opts-for-us-supplies-instead.html … @potus
China has a large mfg & new reuseable energy industry. FAR AHEAD OF US, FRANCE IS ALSO
Big mistake to underestimate POTUS, or maybe liberal Dems just have lost all sense of intelligence.
Besides, dems has had 8 yrs, and only thing accomplished, is a huge mess of things....GET GOVT OUT OUR LIVES!!!!!
