.@SenGaryPeters Michigan voted for Trump. Hard to shed a tear @HunkyGayJesus
No - not all of Michigan voted for Trump. Shed a tear for those of us that are affected by this. I have lupus, what do you propose?
I propose that Trump's love of McDonalds gives him a massive coronary.  If he has a heart....
I'll see what I can do. 
I don't ask for much...and you never delivered on the Elle MacPherson request, so..
Well...free will and whatnot.
That doesn't explain the Elle fail....just sayin...Could have helped a bro out.
"racists left". Shame on u.We r the party fighting 2 keep ur party from turning our country in2 Klan
Wow.u been on Gilligans Island?That was 60 yrs ago.Its all u now, white sheets&insulting @repjohnlewis
Sad to see you are a teacher. Your poor students will always be less than
why do the rich pay exactly the same amount for healthcare as the middle class?  Because it's fair right?
Thank You...Thank You....Thank You!!
so what's so fair about making the middle class buy healthcare for the poor?
- your vote is greatly appreciated.
thank you!  If the ACA is repealed, my son will loose his healthcare.
thank you
Thank you for standing up for the ACA!
Thank you Gary
Thank you!
Bless you.  Keep up the fight. Never give up.
he is not fighting for you..he's fighting for Dems..
Thank you Senator Peters!
ask him why he did not sign up for ACA..he has an elites plan..we pay for it..
Obama refused any other alternative.knew it was failing.told Republicans to get the back & come along for the ride.
Thank you Gary! We're counting on you and Debbie! Let me know if I can help in any way.
ask him why he did not sign up for ACA..he has an elites plan..we pay for it..
Thank you for doing the job we elected you to do. I'm proud of you and grateful. (and I personally have private insurance)  @SenGaryPeters
Be aware changes in ACA coverage get reflected in all policies! Few realize that. Many think destruction of ACA won't hurt themselves.
if you think ACA is so great..push for all senators, representatives, White House administration & all staff sign up for it
you are a hypocrite..pushing for a plan that nobody in DC will sign up for..you have an elites HC package.
On behalf of my fellow Michiganders, thank you!!
ask him why he's not on ACA..he has an elites plan..we pay for it..
Thanks! My #IBD patients need stable access to health care and meds, to avoid ERs, hospitalizations,and surgeries.#Prevention
I'm scared. We are too old not to have health care at this point.
thank you!
thank you Senator Peters!  Keep taking a stand for us in DC
thank you thank you
want about the 880000 people who lost there healthcare because of Obamacare?  Do u care about them?
@deejay90192 I'm frm NC & u make us all proud. What othr little goodies r hidden in pages of thes budg res theyr pushin thru?
#Veterans List of who will be affected by NRA TeaParty Profit OVER People TRUMP/Pence/Ryan/McConnell Greedy BS
: Speak up all those D's who voted to protect ACA rather than dump altogether+who voted for fair Pharma costs :)
great! Now I'm going to have to work more hours to pay for something I can't even use because of deductibles!
@Arianna8927 Bless you sir! Keep up the fight, never give in, God speed!
thank you
@GeorgeBaileyDog
stop lying.
Thank you for standing up against he repeal of the ACA. It doesn't need repeal, it needs ACA version 2.0.
killing my insurance is killing ME. I am a Michigan resident and I have lupus. Stop this NOW....
- oh no, really? You voted against republicans? How strange.
thank you. I'm still scared.
Thank you, sir!
thank you!
@kindNotWeak2017 Too late. Your state put Trump in office. No sympathy here.
Thank you senator Peters.
Great work! We need to keep health insurance affordable. I will come up with an solution. #votewright2020
thank you for voting NO.  Keep pushing for us, please. #ACA
@pmeadep Thank you!
@BlueNRedState make sure they give up their healthcare Why should we the people have to pay for these crooked GOP
 Thank you @SenGaryPeters #acaworks
@HannahMiyamoto #epicfail #WeAreInChargeNow #MAGA
coming from a guy who gets free health care for the rest of his life for stupid decisions like this one.
Thank you Senator Peters
Thank you!! Could you have a chat with @SenToomey and teach him what it's like to have compassion for the people you represent?
@dolphsteelbear Thank you Senator, truly.
Buyers' remorse? Michigan you own this. You were Punked! You voted against your own (& U.S.) best interests. #TheResistance
@MoireGarner And to the people in Michigan that voted for Trump KARMA! You got what you asked for.
@frankinhtown16 They voted against their own best interest based on false promises & selfishness - no sympathy here!
@hilgaines thank you from this Michigan family.  Keep doing the right thing
ACA could be improved. Can barely afford ins premium & cost of actual care. Without ACA no coverage for major medical at all
Thank you!!
Thank you, sir, for your continued efforts!
from NC, thank you!
Thank you!!
@rkfatheree Thank you
Thank you. I'm so worried about our country.
Thank you Senator Peters!
keep up the fight!
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank You I'm sure there was pressure on you to vote differentlyACA works it can use some modificationsbut inlarge part works
I am a Michigan Resident, I have a sister that will not be able to afford heart meds, does that mean she should die?
maybe it's just me, but is Congress getting more done these days? BHO must be really stirring them...
I live in Ohio- I never seen or heard you campaign for democrats and assist. To me- that is just like voting for DUMPF
keep up the good work.
no sympathy Michigan voted Trump!
Thank you Senator. We in the mitten state appreciate your efforts.
thank you Senator
@Republicans and @Democrats should follow ur lead
thank you for standing up for us and for the ACA which has saved so many Americans' lives! There are tons of us who support u
Thank you!
Why did congress exempt itself from ACA?.If it's not good enough for U it shouldn't be good enough 4 the ppl who put U there
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you, Sen. Peters!
@menjicm Keep up the fight for equality, decency and democracy. There are at least 65M behind you.
U r causing a lot of unnecessary anxiety in your constituents by saying they r going to lose their healthcare -- stop political stuff
THANK YOU!!!
You are the best Gary!!
Thank you.
this was an easy vote since no solution was required, only your disapproval...now get to work and help the R's fix it...

Thank you for your 'no' vote!
Thank you for representing us and humanity, Senator Peters!
thank you for fighting for all of us, now keep fighting to make it truly affordable for all.
it figures, another Levin party line voter. Maybe the 800K freeloaders should not have had taxpayer funded insurance.
WHY when affordable is not what the current plan is about?
Thank you. Too bad your colleagues across the aisle don't feel the same.
thank you for listening to us.
thank you! 
Thank you for your NO vote, it's nice 2 know some of you are 4 the people
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you, Sen. Peters! Proud of you and Sen. Stabenow for fighting! @Femme_Mal
Thank you Senator Peters! Please fight to improve not repeal!
Thank you!!
The ACA steals from people

RESIGN
Please come see what the #ACA means to Americans.  http://facesoftheaca.com   Encourage everyone to share!
You darn well know that NOONE will lose their insurance Gary Peters.. this was a political move ONLY 2018 Ba-Bye
I don't think that anyone KNOWS that.
If they have done their homework then they know.. nothing but a scare tactic here so it doesn't pass..
thank you!
bummer! Forced to pay high amounts for something I can't use because of high deductibles...
What makes the GOP so mean spirited?  I don't get it.
replacing a broken system that is bleeding the country dry and replacing with better is quite the reverse...
Thank you for being our voice in the Senate, while the patients run the asylum! #DumpGOP
My choices are $1200/mo premiums or medicaid
YOU have a loophole. We WILL REMEMBER when you're campaigning again
why didn't you get insurance through your employer?
repealing the ACA affects employer provided policies too.
sounds like you need a better employer. It doesn't affect mine but I'm sorry for all effected.
I suggest you do some research. Protections such as kids bet 18-26, PECs, well-care all ACA
