Come out with it, ffs! She is dead set on using private schools to bypass desegregation laws.
Thank you from a parent of students at great public schools, one child receiving services under IDEA.
Thank you!!'
we all request your colleagues #VoteNoDevos
Thank you!
So glad to see there are some adults in room. @realDonaldTrump insults everyone's intelligence w/ and undereducated nominee.
Thank you for your commitment to public education, Senator.
Thank you Michigan Senator Gary Peters for opposing Betsy DeVos as Trump's pick for education secretary. #saynotodevos
@eshaLegal thank you
Got an idea, why not just do away with the DOE. Give it back to the states where it belongs.
good work! Thank you.
thank you!  Parents across the US support you!  #Resist
Thank you! I'm an educator and I appreciate your support in opposing Betsy DeVos.
Thank you for looking out for our students
how could DeVos be in control of education she not only lack experience but compassion as well plz NO vision just privileged
keep it up!
vote No
Thank you Senator for your opposition to DeVos's appointment . From a loyal constituent
@2muchjoy Her own state of Michigan doesn't even want Betsy Devos!
Thank you from an educator. She is a terrifying choice.
@jmo201 Good for you and us
Hope they follow you're lead, but so far they don't seem to have many principles.
Michigan thanks you! DeVos is a religious zealot who showed herself to be astoundingly ignorant of basic issues + terminology
Thank you Senator!  Betsy Devos is not the right choice for our schools!
Thank you!  
As your constituent, I thank you and support your decision. I will also be calling your office to express my gratitude.
Thank you, Senator Peters
thank you!
@MichiganDems thank you!!!
Thank you Senator for being our voice.
thank you
@DianeRavitch Thank you for your tireless support of public education.
- Students across the U.S.A. Thank you!
thank you for supporting our education system and keeping the current administration accountable!
Thank you for your opposition to Ms DeVos.  I agree she is highly unqualified for this position.
thank you for your position and support.
Good. Stand strong against the insanity spewing out of the White House
Thanks Gary! Rock on!
Thank you for proving that you heard us, Senator!
Thank you, Senator Peters!
millions of students in traditional public schools say Thank You!
The White House Comment Line has been shut down and http://Disability.gov  was taken down :-(.
There are still rumors that Senators Booker and Menendez are in support of DeVos? Please tell me this is not true!
thanks for having our backs in MI
Thank you, Senator Peters.
@MISenDems Thank you, Senator Peters!
thank you Senator Peters
@MISenDems Hurray for you. Thanks for listening to your constituents and the majority of Americans. DeVos is unqualified.
@MKorolden Thank you!
I agree 100%. DeVos is destruction of US education.
In support of decision that DeVos lacks education, experience or background for nomination.
thank you for demanding better for our kids.  I hope you will work to convince others of Betsy's inability to do the job.
thank you Senator. May your colleagues stand with you.
thank you Sen Peters for standing up against a clearly unqualified nominee!
This is the right move,  senator.
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for students!
We don't need someone with ties and a sense of obligation to a largely failing system. A fresh voice is great!
Please #saynotodevos She is wrong for all education.
@DianeRavitch Thank you for defending our children and the future of our democracy.  #RejectDeVos
@DianeRavitch tk you senator for seeing she is  over kids
Thanks for standing up for the truth! Makes me proud to have long, strong Michigan roots!
Thank you for representing Michigan and the countries children
thank you for supporting our public schools and opposing DeVos, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Peters! #plaidworks
Thank you for standing up for Michigan students and parents
LOVE that we are finally hearing from a Michigan senator!!
Thank you. Please encourage your collegues to vote NO!
Proud to have you as my Senator. Thank you.
Thanks @SenGaryPeters
Thank you, Senator. I'm a constituent and support this decision.
Thank you Senator!
where have you been Gary
#DumpDevos Her home state doesn't even want her confirmed!
Her support for charter schools (for profit) in Michigan are poorly ran without any oversight
Yeah, she's in it for the dollar signs. It's sickening.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Peters!
Thank you, Senator.
thank you Senator Peters!
thank you so much senator
@Ohio @Senate @Congress @RealDonaldTrump Trump's Betsy DeVos Owes Ohio 5.3 Million In Fines Because Of Charter Schools!
