No terror attack on the United States has involved citizens of the banned countries. #racist
Go do some reading outside of Breitbart and the FoxNews propaganda website and come back later.
You are a sorry excuse for a human being. Go goosestep into someone else mentions & spread your hate, ignorance & racism elsewhere.
Thank you for your statement! #stopMuslimBan
thank you senstor peters!!!
thank you - please keep up the fight!
As a Michigan resident, I'm glad to see this. How will you & others fight back against these cowardly and unamerican orders?
between this & your opposition to the DeVos nomination, I am proud that you are my senator. Thank you, & please keep fighting
Thank you.
Thank you!  I know this is a hard fight. I'm glad you're up to doing it.
Thank you. Please continue to speak up and take action against these unjust policies.
#withholdconsent to slow #fascisttrump down. He must rescind the EO
Great! What are you going to do with your alarm? How will you protect MI residents?
please keep the heat on this admin. You have my vote!
glad you are alarmed but what do you intend to do Senator? Action is needed!
what are you doing about these injustices? You are our voice.
Thank you for standing up and speaking out against this.
Wake Up. Terrorism is not a religion. Also, stop obstructing staffing of cabinet.Move on and support our government.@SenGaryPeters
Thank you, Senator.
get bannon out!  Get outraged and get him OUT!  WE the people own that house!
thank you for speaking out again this ban. This is not who America is. I'm a MI resident. Keep fighting for us against hate!
: I voted for Perot in 92. But Prez Clinton was right in 95. We are a nation of laws.
Please be more vocal Sen. Peters. Our democracy is hanging in the balance.
Extremely alarmed is a nice start, but we're going to need a lot more from you, and soon!
Thank you for standing up against this EO. #NoBanNoWall
Alarmed...whats that mean...nothing! Another mouth with no substance!
Thank you for representing us. We are proud of our MI senators for speaking against Trump's bigotry.
As a Michigan resident, I am glad to know that you are standing for justice. Please do all you can to fight this EO.
Thank you for standing on right side of history. #VoteNo on the White House unamerican, fascist agenda & appointees #Resist
Thank you!  Please, continue to fight the good fight.  What can we do?  I need to do something.
And yet many Dems (if not all) will still allow tRump's cabinet picks to be confirmed. Dems give up & get lazy pretty quick.
when did a country become a religion?
We stand with you.
Take action to resist Trump. What role will you play when history reports on these times?
appreciate that you're alarmed. What are you going to do to #resist?
what will u be doing to stop it?  statement doesn't say actions, just position...
and?  AND? Statements do nothing.
Thank you.
Stop spewing Dem party line. Michigan citizens want safe, clean places to live work, shop and enjoy life. Protect us now!!
Thank you Senator Peters for recognizing that we are a nation of immigrants and our strength lies in diversity
This guy cannot be allowed to fill a Supreme Court vacancy!
He is no defender of the costitution!
Violated the oath!
Grateful to have you as our Michigan senator.
THANK YOU for speaking up and standing for our values.
It’s not a biblical command for the country to let everyone in who wants to come, that’s not a Bible issue,
What concrete actions do you plan to take to undermine the effects of the Executive Order?
Thank you @SenGaryPeters for taking a stand against Islamophobia & anti-Muslim bigotry. Please continue to fight for refugees & human rights
.@SenGaryPeters as a constituent, I urge you and rest of @SenateDems to put a stop to this madness. Whatever it takes.
Thank you for statement. Now get to work to counteract it.
I'd like to give Trump a religious test. He couldn't pass it.
powerful message, senator.  I hope @VP and @POTUS are listening.  I'm scared for our Muslim American neighbors in Michigan.
Holy unconstitutional, Batman!
Are you going to do anything about that alarm besides tweet? You know, like in the Senate?
.@SenGaryPeters We would VERY MUCH like to see your statement when Obama did same & slaughter of Yazidis followed

Thank you.
This is a good start but what are you going to do about it? When are you going to fight back and resist?
Thank you!
Thank you for the sentiment. Now get to work opposing this hateful policy.
Thank you. Being an immigrant who's now a citizen this is extremely disturbing to see the White House take this stance
THEN YOU DONT LOVE AMERICA OR RESPECT BEING AN AMERICAN CITIZEN
Yes I do & a reason I came to US - that it welcomes immigrants for a brighter future.
Go to DTW and help your Muslim constituents and their relatives.
The Koran is a book of war, instructing followers to lie, not take infidel friends, behead

How much $$$ you get from them?
Thanks!
thank you for quickly issuing a statement on this!
