Thank you for continuing to persist on our behalf.
Still, they persisted. (Thank you! Depending on you!)
That is not a conflict of interest. That is within the president's powers and responsiblities to fire and replace the Director. Get off it!
I wish Texas had Dem Senators
Respect and love from Ireland.  Fight bravely Senator Peters!
Good question...will you?
UR hypocritical-U didn'tWhine like ths Whn previous protectedPresO illegally wiretappedWHreporter&His entire family&ano.whoCRITICIZED O!
There's a coup happening in our White House and it is initiated by President Trump himself.
We Do Need A Special Prosecutor!
To Investigate Obama Spying & Unmasking Political Opponents....
Thank you, @SenGaryPeters . Good people cannot remain silent any longer.
Launch impeachment inquiry!  Independent Investigation into Russia/Trump! Trump has hired lawyers to protect himself and assets!  Guilt!!
Psst. Only the House can launch an impeachment inquiry.
Psst, that's OK, just want to spread the qord.
Proud to call you my Senator!! Thank you!
Ditto!
I agree.  Thank you for working hard to appoint a special prosecutor
If you understood the constitution, you would know the President is responsible for appointing a new FBI director.
Please call for Jeff Sessions's resignation, pls. Thx.
Lol, sure. Right after Schumer resigns.
You want to degrade this Democrat it is unfortunately your prerogative but it is rude and ignorant to use her picture as well.  Small mided
Sells out to Monsanto is not serving Michigan's farmers or constituents. Being Chuck Schumers puppet leaves us behind...the forgotten vote.
Senator you need to stop playing politics and focus issues here in Michigan.
Pursue vigorously! We need an independent special prosecutor for investigating the Russia connection! Halt descent into #BananaRepublicanism
I have an idea. Work for American families instead of acting like a bunch of three year olds on a playground!!! Dems and Rep.
You Democrats are scared to death that your corruption is going to come out!!!
Give them Hell. America needs more like you in DC
You Democrats got your wish now you're pissed.. Be careful what you wish for.
Thank you sir.
You; Gary Peters are not representing Michigan by your continued TRAITOROUS acts and your failure to be a United States Senator !!!
Wrong!  He's a democratic senator elected by those of us not willing to ignore laws of our country. Trump and his admin is corrupt!
It's the prerogative of the President to appoint the FBI Director.  You should know that.  You were ok with Obama doing it.
Most succinct argument I've heard for an independent investigator.
I missed it.  Is there a clip available?
Thank you, @SenGaryPeters
Keep up the pressure!
Don't bother no one wants to hear you
Thanks Gary for getting in there and speaking your mind...the people of Michigan are with you!!!!
nice thought but the Rs don't care
Impeach Trump!
Thank You for Your Stand Senator Peters
Thank you, Senator.
Isn't it his right to nominate the FBI director?
Give 'em HELL, Gary! We in Michigan are proud of you!
Unless you can swing Trump suck ups like McCain, Flake, Graham, and Collins to your side and dump McConnell it will just be talk.
Just amazing how all these people wanted Comey fired last week are now crying cause he got fired. Just shows haters gona hate no matter what
"I'll speak on Senate Floor re: Comey’s firing & Trump’s gross conflict of interest" TY, #SenGaryPeters for being my @PureMichigan #Patriot!
So it's ok for Republicans to pick a democrats administration? Wow that's new, I bet they wish they new this when Obama was in office.
Time to shut this shitshow down. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TrumpRussia
Thank you, Senator. We're counting on you.
Thank you. Please do everything in your power to stand up against this heinous administration. No business as usual.
Comey over stepped his authority, and should have been fired long ago. Democrats wanted that as well, but are only making noise to obstruct.
We are with you
Thank you! Speak loud! Speak with anger! Speak for the decent people who are this country.
Thank you, @SenGaryPeters !!
You Dumbocrats are a piece of work. If Hillary was in and she fired him you would all be rejoicing. 
You have the support of the majority of America, Senator. Don't back down.
Thank you Senator @SenGaryPeters for standing up against this corrupt president.
#learningapp #littlemomentsapp #macapp #marimoapp #mobileapp #mobilegameapp #moodybluesapp
Thank you!
Thank you I believe that our constitutionally  protected  democratic Republic  is in danger
Thank you!
Please don't let up on #TrumpRussiaInvestigation. We need strong, courageous leaders to fight for our country.
Thank you!!!!!  We have no voice and feel powerless on this issue.  I am losing faith in my government.
Yes tell them this is a horrific abuse of power!
Thank you Senator Peters
Bravo!

Everyone in the Senate,
Congress you have a responsibility.
You swore an oath to uphold
the Constitution/the laws of the land
NOW DO IT!!!
He has many gross conflicts of interest.
About time. Call for special counsel one who cannot be bribed, intimidated or Fired.
We need you to be tough more than ever now Gary! I know you and @SenStabenow will have our backs!
Dems playing games again, Trump still waiting for his own Cabinet . Could have fired Comey earlier, if not for this
Do ppl realize, Sessions had recused himself. How could these charges not created conflict, if it was done earlier? Had to be done by Dep AG
Proud to call you my senator!
Thank you!
Gee thank you for such an open mind. You are no help to the American ppl. Mive on.
WE want to hear from Comey -NOT the active Deputy!!!!!
Thank you Senator hold him accountable
Why are y'all wanting rules changed? It's a constitutional right of the president. Maybe you should resign.
Keep the pressure on, we are with those of you trying to protect our country from this egomaniacal man.
Rock on, Senator Peters!
What's with the trend of these old people taking video of them walking around?
Nothing proceeds until there is am independent investigation!!!!!#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Fight them. Our country depends on it.
My Dad told me you are a good man. Fight the Fight.
Save our Country!
So r u saying the meetings today were just planned last night because it was such a coincidence?  When did dems ever choose American 1st?
Thank you
You're speech is awesome and absolutely on point. Help us stop this monster
Thank you both for your strong support to healthy democracy and coalition building to ensure legal accountability @SenStabenow
IMPEACH HIM!
I feel you, Cathy, but only the House can impeach him.
Go Gary!  Way to represent us!
Pls don't embarrass us MI folk.FBI dir works at the pleaseure of POTUS-period.Browse th Constitution b4 spouting off, pls.
Please help us sir
Thank you. I really hope your fellow Senators are able and willing to look past their partisanship and agree to take action.
Dont be an obstructionist. Get new Director fast. No confirmation games, job shouldnt be political
No legislation should be worked until special prosecutors appointed
No legislation?
Go get 'em Gary! Keep  the heat on! The Republic depends on people like you now! #oneofthegoodones
