...this highlights, among other things, the dire need for those consumers to engage common sense and self control...two vital concepts that seem to be ever fading on the populace..
Read "Homo Deus" to add to the terror. It was published in 2015, yet described Facebook's influence on 2016 election and describes a very dystopian future - well beyond the video manipulation.
I get the fear here, but the overall problem isn't that people don't know what's true, it's that, because of tribalism, they go along with lies...
When the pee tape surfaces Trump will say it just one of those new fake videos.
Systematic electronic signature of all digital content, especially for broadcasters, digital newspapers and official channels could mitigate the impact of fake videos/news, and enhance the confidence on reliable sources.
@keckb33 next awful thing
We could all be reading a book right now. 

--Huey Freeman
What the technology can do is frightening in and of itself.  But the bigger risk is that it’s mere existence will allow anyone to deny almost anything. Seeing will no longer be believing.
We have a fake president, who has his own fake FauxNews, but we are worrying about fake videos? It is like Louis Black said "We have American watching Flintstones and think that it is a documentary!"
Definitely a problem, but society will develop skepticism. There was a time where photography=truth. Mostly debunked now. The true risk would be that nothing can be considered “reality”
It's been around for years but it sure seems like even your everyday person is doing it to back up some point or to start something.
A #Dank corner indeed
can we release the pee tape before this?
Via @ColdFusion_TV
I completely agree.  @JordanPeele did a great video on this and I, for one, would love to see him as a leader in this area.  JUST SAYIN.
Woah!
Frightening, indeed!!
Opens up a whole new and more cruel world of bullying, blackmailing, and ruining lives and careers not to mention crime.
And even the programmer/inventor suggests it's use for vengeful purposes! 
Seems laws need to be passed for this new technology.
The White Helmets seems to be doing a reasonable job in faking videos already
#OpBot
Fake news continues to be frightening.  Ronny Johnson case in point.
