What were the Iranian forces doing there?
They were invited there by the legitimate government of Syria. Why the hell are WE there and why does Israel feel they have the right to bomb another sovereign country who did not attack them first?
I agree 1000%.
Fuck yeah!
Why so happy about bombing people?
Bombing the people that bomb people
That's the only good thing about that attack
Like a huthis attack to Saudi lol
Is it confirmed yet ?
Best answer question!!! Speculation does nothing, facts are everything.

awesome keep bombing them plz! save the left of syrians who still alive!
Two birds in one shot...

No. Not great. Unless you're particularly gleeful at the prospect of war between Iran and Israel.
Israel and Iran have been involved in a proxy war for 30 years. This isn't anything new.
Send all the IRGC Terrorists to hell!!

These are the criminals that gassed innocent Syrian & has caused so much misery & refugee crisis 

Thank you to whoever that destroyed their military base!

#JCPOA #FreeIran
Bonus.
Good news 
I love that people are choosing to question why Syria's allies we're in a Syrian base (shocking, right?) rather than why they were bombed in the first place.

Bomb first, ask questions later.
were*
I am shocked how a Anti Human rights ally is allowed to be in Syria while it kills it's own civilians amazing how people Support bloodthirsty government such as Iran who funds terrorism all over the world and Syria
Saudi Arabia, not Iran.
Saudi Arabia beheaded 48 of their own citizens in the past few months and bombed a wedding in Yemen killing many, mostly kids.
Israel is sniping unarmed teens and women. Not to mention taking Syrian land.
It is us who have anti human right allies.
Not Iran LMAO IRAN murders it's own Iran was behind so many terror attacks why are you ignoring
Stay on point and only after talk about Saudi Arabia Women don't have rights in Iran at Least Saudi Arabia is opening up now
The point is no one really cares about human rights violators as long as they're on our team.
Cant i enjoy a quiet Sunday afternoon, without Israel starting WW III?
I rather not be drafted right this second.

Good start. Iran and Russia with Turkey are together in destabilizing the region
How exactly is Iran and Russia destabilizing the region? By supporting the legitimate government of Syria against Salafist zealots?
Seven years of civil war and yet you use the word "legitimate" describing the government?
Do you have a better pick? Because right now Daesh, Hayat Tahrir as Sham or the "Free Syrian Army" aren't exactly ideal choices for giving the title of "legitimate government" to. Especially considering the lack of territory that they have at this point.
They could divide the country.
That’s called hitting 2 birds with 1 stone
L0l
Lol
Please mr @Rouhani_ir be patient, don’t burn #Isreal tonight
I am happy 
Good, good.

Yea boii
Typically stuff like this wont end well.

Oh, darn. I hate when that happens. Sorry, not sorry. Bomb Iran!!!
pakistani proxies, not iranians
Maybe they’d be safer at home in Iran.
GCC BROOOOO NOT ISRAEL
I applaud Israelis. Their determination (and ability!) to stand up to murderous monsters like Khamenei and Assad is truly peerless.

One can only hope that people of Iran and Syria will one day overthrow their fascist regimes like Libyans did in 2011.
Poor terrorists .. hope they rot in hell
Reports !?
It's only going to get worse.  Iranians in Syria will have to go home or they're all gonna die.
I said it before, this is world war iii doing push up.
Whoopsie...
Message to Kim Jung Un....
Kim’s nuclear arsenal is a response to your message...
So what? Iran is a grown up and they know the risks.
ah but will #Iran bomb #Israel BACK  ...

then its on People
Fast track ticket to hell for their war crimes
Insh'Allah
Damn
If that’s the case, then Mossad asset definitely involved in the process.
Hopefully none of the bombs were injured sending some Jihadis off to virgin Heaven.
Lol
World War 3 warms up.

Wonderful bad news
"But why gas when winning!?" Clearly a false assumption.
Ay
Israeli flags should be celebrated around Arab capitals. BOMB ASSAD PALACE NEXT!
Good on both counts
yaw sen ne dirsen
Let us know how many punches Niko lands in this video to win some really cool Quiet Punch swag. #quietpunch
