My girl! She has been the best speaker in decades. I'm in


How cute 
Also, she runs a tight ship. Haters won't report that.
That’s what all her servants say
Why do you think Repubs villify @NancyPelosi? Because she's incredibly skilled at the job & they don't want her there.! Boehner & Ryan couldn't handle their people. You don't understand the job of Speaker if you don't realize how good she is.
Exactly this.
Makes me nuts that even some Dems/Progressives believe the Repub narrative. Also, Pelosi is a great speaker -- how can they not know this?
Ignorance. And sexism. And misogyny. They are crazy to think a different speaker wouldn’t get same treatment. Look how quickly the right demonized the Parkland kids! They will go after and slam anyone who is effective and talented. Why would we let them dictate our speaker?!
That should really galvanize the base
If Trump hasn't galvanized the base, the absence of pelosi isn't going to galvanize the base
why is it a siren?
She has been targeted the same way Clinton was targeted. I think people have no idea what she does, has done. They think their hatred of her, their condescension is not social media fed misogyny and manipulation to disempower dems.
Cause Jake is a sexist who works for a Robert Mercer controlled publication? 
Oh Nancy. It can’t be all old people at the table either. Retire already to your multi-million dollar house. @NancyPelosi
Good. She's really good at it.
The random hatred of Nancy confuses me as much as the random hatred of Hillary. Methinks the media might make it a bigger thing than it is. So please stop.
It's not _random_ hatred. It's been GOP strategy for years to viciously and constantly attack significant Democrats to make it harder for them to be effective. They've done it to Pelosi, Hillary, Harry Reid, and if she quits they'll do it to her successor.
I haven't been thrilled with Pelosi - she's too conservative for her district, and chickens out too often when the Republicans attack (especially back when Dems had majority) - but the hatred against her is deliberate.
She seems not to understand that there are choices other than her and five white guys.
I'm watching a guy on probation run for senate rn
Who can know such things, my point was more about alternatives and assuming that they would be an improvement. But a valid point, stagnation is not a winning strategy.
Good for you Nancy! You tell them!!
When you make GOP fundraising easier...
Would a different person in her role be less hated by the GOP? They hate Democrats, doesn’t matter who it is
Democrat and female
Millions of people have health insurance because she got it done while the white guys were following Max Baucus and shaking in their boots. That’s not nothing. When will people call for Bernie and Biden (who I love) to go away?
Bernie should take a step back and quit acting like he’s a dem leader he’s not. I would prefer a speaker that’s not from California or northeast honestly but it will tough to find someone better than pelosi.
That's okay, one day soon she will forget how to get to the capitol and they'll find her running naked on the National Mall.
O man I hope the news don’t in on film ,I don’t want that image in my head
I’ve lost track of the number of times voters (outside the beltway) have told me “she has bigger b@//$ than most men in Washington.” History will be kind to her.
She raises money, stands her ground, and wins battles. What the hell else would someone want from a speaker?
i'd really like to know who thinks they could do a better job at fundraising than her. Really.
On behalf of my 2 daughters, I agree.
You can say want you want about her, but she has the respect of her peers. Can she bend to progressive change? Someone needs to grill her.  But...she sure can raise money.
She doesn't want to change a god damn thing. Just hang on to power. That is her problem.
You may be right. Even if you are wrong we have to ask ourselves, is she worth the risk when there is a progressive movement gathering steam. Simply, it just might be past her time. Q: Who would be Speaker? Kennedy perhaps?
It is not worth the risk. She believes in Clintonism and that was repudiated in the 2016 election. So no it is not worth the risk. One of the Castro brothers would be great as speaker. Or Joe Crawley.
God, i love pelosi.
I love that Pelosi follows me. It makes my decade.
ridic jealous :)
I’m cool with it. She gets shit done.
Excellent. I want .@NancyPelosi to be Speaker. She's damn good at it & she deserves it.
She always has her ducks in a row for the vote!
Yes, for some reason large proportion of the population believe that 13 white males in a room is the solution to solve problems..Nancy Pelosi, a historic speaker of the house, is extremely intelligent and was a more effective  speaker than Ryan, or Boehner...
And you know the master of whipping votes knows she has it.  So, everyone can just simmer down and work towards getting the house in order. #BlueWave2018
Fantastic... we Need more women and she does a fantastic job !!!
Good! @NancyPelosi at least you will have experience!
Good. And the media needs to quit stoking this for controversy and playing right into Bernie bro and Republican hands. She’s damned good at her job and anyone who understands her job knows it.
If Nancy doesn't go away D's will not take back the house. We want the country to move forward not stay in the past. Nancy and her brand of 3rd way politics were thrown out in 2016.
No.
Yes they were. If they weren't it is news to me. I don't see Hillary in the WH. I don't know why people in the D party keep backing dead horses.
I heard Pelosi raises the most campaign funds which is shared by all democrats. People should remember that when they bring up her age. Ageism isn't a better look than racism either. I used to feel the same, people getting too old but then I realized we need moderates.
By all measures...she did a great job as Speaker...and truly has America in her heart...will be a welcome to change to have ethical, moral and smart leadership again...
She’s right and she runs a tight ship. Whips votes like a boss.
I want her to stay. We need tested committed experience to get us back on track.
love this woman...
She just made herself the focus of the midterm election. And that is not a good thing for Democrats.
said the bot.
Best Speaker in generations.
Her time has passed.  If she’s the best the Dems have, the party is in trouble.
SIREN: Woman intends to keep her job!
Good for her. Why should we listen to GOP members telling us she’s bad for Democrats? They are afraid of her legislative skills. We don’t have to keep falling for their gaslighting anymore.
They hate her because she is successful.
I'm so tired of that excuse for her sticking around as if she's the only non-white guy in the Democratic party.
i'm sure you are dude
I supported her decision to stay Minority Leader in 2017 + she's performed brilliantly. She's the absolute best I've ever seen at congressional wrangling. That said, she has lead House Dems for 15 years now. A new generation of leadership has to emerge. Why is there fear of that?
better tweet, though i still think it's odd you want someone who you claim is the best ever to retire.
Because it's not personal. It's not that I dislike Pelosi or think she's bad at her job. It's that I see real value in having leadership turnover and wish she hadn't seemingly ignored the job of helping prepare the next set of Democratic congressional leaders.
ok but you usually don't bench your best player so another dude can try

but if you want to kick the dems in the nuts in the hopes that the next Speaker is just as good or better than Pelosi, have fun.
It reflects very poorly on the Democratic Party that they don't have more people who we could have confidence in to lead the caucus. Even though I've said that I want new leadership, I wouldn't have an answer for you if you asked who I'd want that to be.
so you want her to retire so a random person can have the job? no wonder dems keep losing.
She's one of the most effective Speakers in history. Just sayin'.
Don’t walk away from the table @NancyPelosi
The vitriol directed at her rivals Hillary derangement syndrome.  Go Nancy!  We need you at the table!
I hate to break it to Nancy but she’s one of the five white guys
So instead, it'll be 4 (wealthy) white guys and one wealthy white woman? Not a compelling argument. Plenty of women of color in the House that might be better...
She, above anyone, knows how to hold Trump accountable. I can’t think of a better person to hold the Speaker’s gavel when dems control the House next year. Her battle with Trump will be epic.
Good she's been good for the party - she has institutional knowledge and has been a juggernaut in general.
I’m relieved. @NancyPelosi is the smartest, most effective leader we have left. And I don’t buy that the sexist attacks on her are effective, even if the press does magnify them relentlessly for some bizarre reason.
Why would she not be speaker? She was the most effective speaker in the last 30 years.
Good.  No one can whip votes like Nance.
NO! There has to be somebody else, PLEASE!
I don't think the Democrats want her either.
Bossy?
Yes feel she must be in control,and entitled
Good! @TeamPelosi is probably the most effective and experienced leaders the dems have. She’s a national treasure.
She'll probably forget by then...
Well, she still thinks Bush is POTUS, so...
Yes!! Thank you @NancyPelosi! America stands with you!
Lol. All the negative comments are from "men." Poor wittle fellas, do powerful women scare you? 
It could also be another women besides her.
#ImWithHer
Good for her She’s tougher than all the guys out together- This isn’t a job for an amateur
It’s not her decision
Thank god. Girl got game. And, she’s fucken right.
1 may 2018: 
still crickets as to why Media made her emails the most imp story of 2016
almost like they wanted Trump the good for ratings guy to win
Cue @RadioFreeTom telling us this is why the Rs will win.
Good . Dems who don’t realize that she and Schumer have held the line as best they can in the face of full blown fascism authoritarianism and lack of any morality need to get their heads checked . We need skilled politicians in the face of this
So 4 white guys and a white girl is okay then...?
Or is she 1/365 Native American like Elizabeth Warren? Or does she identify as black like Rachel Dolezal? What's the race/sex ratio supposed to be? Politics...
Did she just admit POC cannot sit at the table?
I think she dismissed them completely!
Delusional!  Just like her supporters.
Calling Pelosi delusional with Trump in the White House is rich indeed!
I suppose that makes me quite wealthy.
Good for her! If someone wants to challenge her, bring it is all I can say.
Nancy Pelosi is highly skilled - she should
#ImWithHer!

No one is tougher. No one gets more sh*t done. That's why Republicans HATE her. Because she's competent, strong, outspoken, and EFFECTIVE.

Well, that and because she's a woman.

#GOPwarOnWomen
#GOPatriarchy
She was the most effective Speaker in my lifetime. I would hope she'd get that gavel back.
I was at an all day meeting today. There were white, brown, black women and men. I am grateful to work in a diverse company. I took note that the toughest questions came from women.
It's always white men young and old that want Pelosi and Hillary out of politics.   They hate strong, smart women
This is very bad! This is part of the reason why Trump is here. She Must Go AND it needs to be clear
Could we get someone under 70? Just a thought.
Go, Nancy!
What was it Tina Fey and Amy Proehler said “Bitches get things done”
She's damn right.
Attagirl , Nancy!!Fierce.
@NancyPelosi Ms Pelosi...it’s not about 5 white guys at the table...we need youth and your time is over, stay but get out of the way...I’m voting for Dems but you need to take a backseat...as a leader, you are hurting more than helping
We certainly don't need inexperience. Don't disparage a strong leader due to her age.
Sorry if I wasn’t clear, I’m no spring chicken...Ms Pelosi is not a well liked person outside of the core Dems...a change of leadership is needed and a message that resonates, she’s not that leader

She should! Bernie Sanders running in 2020. So why not run Pelosi for speaker?
Sounds like a racist POS to me.
@NancyPelosi - You have my support.
Glad you feel that way, Nancy!
So we are suppose to support her because she is a woman. I don’t buy that logic if the speaker is elected by gender what does that get us by eliminating a substantial majority of the caucus.
@NancyPelosi also said Trump will never be President - you can take that to the bank What a ridiculous woman
Love Nancy!
@NancyPelosi How about 1 white woman and 4 white guys? That’s still a lot of white!!
But it can be five 80 year olds. Pelosi has successfully killed off a whole generation of Democratic leadership.
Take this from the lady that pushed Obamacare across the line.
I’m with her
One step at a time. All trump has to say at his stupid rallies is 'Nancy Pelosi' and he will get his dumb but energetic base to the polls. The Dem's job of getting 'uninspired' (god i'm being kind) people to vote is extremely difficult. Extremely.
Girl power!!
Yesssss qweeeen
To be fair I’d not want just some basic white guy as speaker. I want someone who who can bring diversity and a new change. Pelosi, while I respect and admire her greatly, just isn’t in my opinion what the party needs as a head anymore.
Why does it have to be 5 white guys at the table after she leaves?  Something tells me it’s not all selfless devotion that’s driving her.
Not sure Old White Women are any better than Old White Men especially when they've been in office for so long.
Especially if she does not support impeachment. We need to hear her stance on that first and foremost. What is she going to do to secure Democracy for America?
@Librepenseur @jacquesjazz44 @Simonlevrai007 All the Dems have to do is not act crazy ...
Even this, is out of their reach 
Sure it is
Wonder what cheating tricks she will play to win. It's all the Dems do know, lie and cheat. To bad they have no plans for this country other than corrupt and destroy it.

Yes, that describes the democratic party
I’m all for a lady at the table. @NancyPelosi should have stayed silent on this one. R’s are going to use this as fodder to motivate their base.
I think we need fresh new speaker
There are other options for speaker?
She's gotta go too.
@NancyPelosi you are not the answer
Please walk away. Your corporate democrat politics is what hurts the dems and drives voters away
She still around. Who unlocked the door and let her out
We need to move on from her and get some fresh ideas.
Speaking of embarrassment
She needs to go ... is one of reason so many young people are turned off at the Democratic Party
Love her courage and convictions and want her involved, but it's time for a fresh, strong voice in the speaker's seat. Doesn't need to be a man, but change is needed.
Thank you for all you've done, but PLEASE endorse other women. A Leader knows when to step aside and allow others a place at that table.
#GOP knew 'if trump wins, we're screwed as a party'
Meanwhile, all that's been missing from this sad #trump admin circus is a good/funny protest song.This guy has written it. lol
"The drowning of our democracy
in money and Moscow hooker pee"

Say it ain't so!
Some people have to leave their nail and teeth marks on the stage, not knowing it’s time to exit stage right and move the party and country in a new and hopeful direction.  Not more of the same old same old just dressed in Dem blue. My name says it all...remove ALL incumbents!
What. No soft focus soft ball feature, Jake. You know, like you did for your pal, Ryan.
Pelosi I’m at yellow dog Democrats but you need to go home you are killing the party
I don’t think it would be the worst thing if Dems got some fresh blood in there if they win back the House.  There can be a new speaker and still have leadership that represents women, minrities etc...
Pelosi could move on and give one of the incredibly talented and younger House Dem women an opportunity to sit at the table. But she won't because she's a baby boomer, which means it will always be all about her.
She an McConnell are having a secret affair right?
Excellent reason to vote Republican.
Good.
She should probably keep that to herself
And by saying this she makes it harder for Democrats to take the House. Ms. Pelosi, please stop saying things like this.
We need 5 demented cat ladies instead!
Not good.
It cant be an old hag either. Retire please.
I can think of at least three women of color who are less compromised, more principled, and more capable than Pelosi. The DNC may need Pelosi to defeat progressives, but the nation doesn't need Pelosi to defeat the GOP.
Ugh we're boned.
I think it's about time to let someone else take over the speakers role!!!
She needs to make room for other Dem Congress men and women.
Sorry she should take her name out she is a RW rallying point like HRC. allow fresh younger blood to move up and guide them
So four white guys and a white woman?
She may run for speaker but she will lose.
What she’s the only democrat woman in the Senate ? Go away Nancy u r hurting the party
I love @NancyPelosi ... she’s done so much for all of us. But, I wonder, when will baby boomers give up their power? How about mentoring someone less than 60 years old for leadership?
They will never give it up willingly. Now all bets are off. We must take it by force.
That's the end of our party if she wants to become speaker.
@NancyPelosi please, please do not run for speaker!  We want fresh voices in government, not the same Partisan BS we’ve been tolerating for years.  #NewBlood #CountryOverParty Don’t eff this up, you’re a polarizing force in politics right now
Uuugh! Establishment Dems, please go away....
Yasss
“It can’t just be 5 white guys. They need a 78-year-old, mega-rich woman pumped full of estrogen replacements at that table.”
everywhere I look there are Democrats putting all their problems on "White guys" kind of like they blamed black guys for all their problems in the 1870s-1960s
everytime I see someone blaming "white people" and "white guys" I translate that as "I may not be as racist as the Klan, but I'm getting there"
Not sure if Pelosi is the answer, but she’s right about the guy thing

Yes! Good news! We need Speaker Pelosi to continue to oppose President Bush!!
If those five white guys are better for the party, what's the problem? Oh, I see... they're white (ewww) and they're male (ughhh). 

This is the left, folks. Keepin it 100% (identity politics).

#tolerantleft
Scary
I like Pelosi. But her time is up. She should backbench and advise but she is not the future of this party and she hasn’t done us any real good for quite a long time.
It can’t be 5 white guys, it can be 5 white people tho.  How is this representative of our democracy?
This mod. R wishes both parties would opt for new, younger leadership.
Even if she wins, wouldn't it still be White? I know @GOP are despicable, no confusion there. But @TheDemocrats? They're even more despicable cause they use real life problems minorities & poor ppl have as talking points for votes. I condemn both parties. Both are evil.
you seem to have some weird obsession with Pelosi and Francesa.
As for SH Sanders telling lies every day..A-OK!
She needs to realize that she is and has been simply ineffective. Let go of your personal thirst for power and the spotlight @NancyPelosi
How is this news?
So disappointed to hear she’s using the woman card to try to keep her position.  For the good of the party step aside.
I’d vote Republican just to stop Pelosi from having a chance to be speaker. Democrats need fresh blood and need to move on from the likes of Pelosi, Reid, and Clinton. Dump the old guard. NOW!
I agree she needs to not be the leader but really she is better than modern day republicans. I wish we had a strong third party but for now I’ll take a blue wave in 18.
She makes it easier for the republicans to keep the house.   She is damaging the dem party by refusing to let the younger generation step up
No, it cannot be five white guys at the table. But it MUST be five people from the same socio-economic stratum at the table.
"That's wonderful news" - GOP
also, bring back Wendy Wasserman Schultz, John Kerry, Loretta Lynch, Michelle O and HRC. please. I'll get the popcorn.
When the Dems want to force something through they say: "We have to pass it blindly" When Donald Trump wants to do something it's nothing but obstruct. She's not even smart enough to try to get something for the Dems that he agrees with. Obama and Bill Clinton wanted wall
I love this kind of talk! It should motivate everyone, including some Ds, to vote R. Thanks, Palousy (sic)!
#TimesUp for this odious creature. She's so annoying!!!!!!
Or five 80 year olds?
What a joke. She can't speak without screwing up.

She'd be much better wearing a leather corset working an SF kink club.
Can’t be 5 old white guys.. solution according to Pelosi.. add a old white lady! Yeah good solution. Her and Waters need to go! Come on America let’s vote them out.. it’s time!
Scary!
A political hack through and through.

What she doesn't get is that it doesn't matter whether it's men or women at the table as long as they are very, very good and what they've been elected to do by their constituents.
Well, that doesn’t sound racist and or sexist AT ALL.  She definitely possesses all the qualities you want in a leader.
How does @kanyewest feel about this?
There are no women or people of color of either sex in the @TheDemocrats party??
How about @RepCheri. She is not a white guy
If she says she’s staying she’s most definitely leaving. You can take that to the bank, Nance.
Sexist and ageist. Think about that.
Maybe . . . . 
That's your opinion ___________
The reality is SHE'S A DEAD WEIGHT .
There some really really good people coming along; and, she is an obstruction to actual progress .  (And I don't mean Progressives, which are just Conservatives in a different dress)
At least you have some grudging moral courage to say "maybe". Until we start seeing folks that are clearly more capable, very experienced in building consensus and fund raising, the answer should be "if it ain't broke, don't fix it."
IT IS BROKE BROKE BROKE BROKE . . . . . 
That's why I, along with hundreds of thousands of use-to-be Democrats, am now INDEPENDENT; as well as thousands of use-to-be Republicans for their part.  I still contribute to Some Democrats, but, Not To The Party.
I select where it goes.
Personally, for close to the same reasons as you, I moved from being Independent to a Democrat. I cannot stand the thought of another 4 years of Trumpism and it will take ALL of us in opposition w/ gerrymandering effects to take back our country! Solidarity is the only way!!

Woohoo! 

GOP chances at keeping the House just got a whole lot better.  Nancy's record is one of failure and corruption.
Pelosi 3.0? You vote them in by voting or failing to, you deserve what you get. It’s really your choice.
I’m sorry... I am not familiar with her many accomplishments cited in this thread. Can anyone name them for me?
I like Nancy and like what she stands for, however she needs to do the right thing for the party if they want to take over the House in 2018, i.e. promise to step aside
Better get tuned in, Nancy...
She has not won in a long time it is amazing that her leadership team has managed to hold on.
Time to retire @NancyPelosi and mad @RepMaxineWaters Both of y'all are ancient artifacts! Let new blood in! #TermLimits #MAGA2018
She is an embarrassment and their are other Dems who could do a better job..
For all practical purposes she is a white guy at the table.
Nancy Pelosi for the love of God step aside for someone younger and vibrant.
Oh goody,Nancy wants to be big boss again
Doesn’t deserve a siren. We all knew this.
Ugh...
We can't let them win
I’m rooting for Kevin McCarthy to get the honor of handing the gavel back to Speaker Nancy.
Hell no
 
