I feel like I need to read this book. Is there an audio version read by you?
Yes! Here’s a sample
Did you talk abiut Obama lying about the Iran Deal or Iran not abiding by it???
Did you and James Clapper collaborate on your book?
Really ? Considering your on the current Red scare network , participating in the most current version of Mcarthyism to date !
Did you write a book or something?
History will record that you, Clapper and the rest of the anti-Trump mob media attempted to hoodwink the American people. Won't be real fun.
I am halfway through!! Excellent story
Your next book should be The Tapper-Clapper Collusion: How CNN Schemed To Get The Phony Dossier Newshook
Did Clapper leak the contents to you?
Ago CNN was reporting the same thing about Kelly/ trump they probably call each other a name everyday to each other's faces
Are you going to donate your profits to the journalist families that were killed today .. it's the least that could be done since no one in our media seems to run stories anymore of overseas happenings .. to busy with White House gossip that is the same over and over 12 months

You did it! Awesome fun time there last nigth, Omg! You guys something off the hook. KooL! lol!
You are a corporate shrill who will certainly never cover this
so funny that you are avoiding the question on the Leak Dossier that you received in secret
We need to hear from you Jake after your award for treason at the #WHCD. Are you a Patsy or a co-conspirator in the coup against Trump? Are you embarrassed you received an award based on a false news story? You're a fraud not a journalist
Not Alger Hiss? Or the #Browns? ;-)
@jaketapper how could I get my hands on a signed copy to Canada?
You should write something about Benghazi and also Lois Lerner covering up for #HUSSEIN
"Tapper's backstage portrayal of Capitol Hill circa 1954 is breezy and knowing but lacks the ingredients that would make it a successful political thriller" - Kirkus Review
The mention of Hugh Hewitt does not make me want to read the book.
Audio Book arrived today...will start tomorrow
"Friend" Hugh Hewitt?
What does James Clapper think about your new book?
