I can't wait for the movie... Maybe starring @odedfehr and @GalGadot!
Mullahs lied! They have lied since 1979
So this becomes the living Obama legacy.
Perhaps Israel Lied
Wonder how much hair @brhodes has pulled out today. Not that he had a lot to start with
@brhodes probably shaves his pubes
America has the best SigInt in the world, but Mossad surpasses everyone by leaps and bounds for HumInt

Have you considered that the Iranian Republican Guard and the GCC helped move the data into Israel.  As a thank you? Remember the people’s revolution in Iran? Have the mullahs been overthrown?
They paid off some Iranians too.
It's really mission impossible
Or not.
Mossad is the best of the best.  Well done. Kudos for exposing Iran lies.
Don’t overlook the possibility that the material was ‘given’ to Israel by disaffected Iranians.
This is going to make one hell of a movie one day.
If there are any actors left who aren’t in Guantanamo
@MJaha2526
مرسی سارا، ببینم چی نوشته
It is f***ing unbelievable!
Yeah I don't believe any of it either
Now that's a movie I would actually pay to see.
Israel is awesome. Now the world can see what a fool Obama was
They had inside help, just you wait.
If our intelligence agencies were more like the Mossad, we wouldn't have the terrorism problem we have today.
Maybe it’s the same bunch who provided the Intel on all those WMD in Iraq.
The Israeli's don't play. Gutsy as hell.
Big time. This will be made into a movie at some point.
Mossad is a superior intelligence group. If anyone could pull it off, they could.

Exactly. I mean the super ultra secret warehouse that no one is guarding. Please.
INSANE:OBAMA giving Iran ‘Secret’ Hundreds Of Billions inCASHDESERVES Iran’SECRETS’TRUTH bought & paid for byObama & Ryan underhanded & TREASONOUS Anti - GITMO ASAP or betterload both with Billy Gates VaccinationsKeep Social Security Rya$$
Infiltration or hand delivery?  @ThomasWictor
Hire Israeli secret service to bring evidence of Russian Collusion and let's see what they come up with...............

Absolutely nothing.
Retired Israeli intelligence officers: "You youngsters will never know the thrill of running a massive, successful operation like Entebbi was."
Current Israeli intelligence operatives: "Hold our beer."
Iranian people have solid reasons for protesting their government. God bless their coming freedom to do good and right in the world.
Of course credit is due to the elite  Israeli Intelligence, but to me this means only one thing. The hardliner Mullahs are losing control over their iron grip on the country. 

#Iran #IranLied
Seems to me with the people in Iran raising up and voicing out against the Mullahs, Israel could find many folks willing to take on the mission of providing damaging Intel against them.
Good job, Katie
I have no doubt that Israel is capable of such a feat, but I’d feel a lot better if this were independently verified somehow.

If only because there’s a direct line between Iran developing nukes and WWIII.
Pick somebody you would trust besides the US
When you want a job done get a man to do it, not a wet behind the ears full of himself boy like Obama.
Not to mentioned untold human assets.
....luv to sea the movie
re:Israeli Mission Impossible;
   Our intelligence agencies at one time were comparable. As we've all seen, ours are compromised by the Obama era moles imbedded to destroy our country.
  Nowadays, we never know who's going to work for Americans or for the Dem/SOroaches.
These guys and gals are the real deal!
Israel is awesome!!!!
wouldn’t it be more logical to assume that it was an inside job and the materials were then given to israel? hard to imagine mossad could walk out with a ton of docs
Notable Iranians had to help with this and I’m curious if any of them were smuggled out with their families along with the documents. Someone who wants the mullah’s to lose power.
The Iranian army helped them. The mullahs may have been overthrown.
They used scantily clad robo-goats.
Don’t mess with Mossad!
Can they smuggle out our palet with a billion dollars on it?
Movie script waiting to happen
Brennan & Clapper
 National Intel LLC
#WeMayNotBeGoodButWeAreSlow
all that contact and they left it standing? didn't blow it up themselves seeing as how it was such a huge immediate threat ?
You'd think something like this would be trending on twitter or have a twitter moment, but alas, since it ruins Obama's big moment, it will be ignored by his media sycophants.
IMO, they had help from the inside. Folks in Iran getting sick and tired of the Mullahs.
Truth.
They were working against IRANIANS-could it have been that hard.They waited until praying time,while they were kissing the rug,snatch & go!!!
How much of our shit do they have?
Mission Impossible another name for the Mossad...what an Op!
To Israelis, the impossible is what they do every day...love that place.
@danielsilvabook - Just like Shamron, Allon, via Silva- except this one was real!!
Because they know how to take care of business!
Only by God’s help would this be possible.
There is a reason the Mossad is the best at what they do!
They’re gonna say the only reason they were successful is because no one was there ,bc they were honoring the agreement and had shut the facility down.
So, Tom Cruise is Jewish after all.
You people are gullible
And our intelligence community is freaking joke..
No....Obama, John Kerry, Samantha Powers and Ben Rhodes and the rest of the previous administration were a freaking joke...they allowed this to happen and were naive idiotic fools for every believing Iran was going to follow some deal...AND we paid them billions...
good job..knock them down!
Can they keep a secret or can they keep a secret?
Israel endured extreme risk and probably lost several agents to get this information, yet Obama alums dismiss it as “known” information and still support the Iran deal seemingly out of arrogance.
RT: As we debate takeaways, this "Mission Impossible" operation was insane.  Israel smuggled out of Iran: 55k physical files, another 55k on 183 CDs.  They had to locate facility, access materials, get them out of Iran.
Israelies always take care of business- they needed proof and did heroically
I have nothing but respect for the Mossad, those folks are HARD CORE
Those who curse Israel will be cursed. Those who bless Israel will be blessed. Genesis 12:3
The only thing we can smuggle is our own uranium
This is who you want on your intelligence team.
Love it, love it, Viva Entebee (sic?)!
Can Israel grab Russian documents too and put an end to speculations one way or another ?
Why should we be surprised by what Iran has done up to now!!
An amazing heist!  But, I guess the Israelis got burned, beings that Iran swears is doesn't have (and never had) a nuke weapons program...
This has got to be one of the greatest intel ops of all time.
Simply amazing.
God bless Mossad!
Spectacular work. They have amazing people. We had Brennan and Crapper
This was almost as smooth as the operation in Kelly's Heroes. #ClintEastwood
Mossad brought back Eichmann.
Entebe, Wrath of God... Mirage.
Can President Trump do PowerPoint?
I liked your wisdom
Hollywood couldn't write a better script. Go Israel!!!!!!!
It will make a great movie one day.
All those files captured and the FBI and DOJ have missing texts and emails.
@POTUS44 Bibi to Barry? “Nanny Nanny Boo Boo!”
I'll venture a guess that the night watchman and his extended family have joined the choir invisible.
@instapundit @dcexaminer Any expert opinions on likelihood of Israel sharing this intel with KSA?
I love the Israelis
Now we just need to make sure it's all authentic
which we (US) did. Israel showed us the evidence a few weeks ago and our intel people have confirmed it.
How about someone trustworthy?
Can Israel or anyone create 110,000 fake files?
I wouldn't put it past them
Seems Israel is really good at this stuff. Just sayin’
Wondering how many have been killed or WILL BE KILLED after this! (By Iran) @IDFSpokesperson @netanyahu @idfonline @IsraeliPM @Israel @IsraeliPM_heb @12tribefilms
Mossad knows it all

Is a movie in the works yet??
Someone on the inside. Iranian leaders have faced backlash since accepting that cash from Obama. People think the money can help the country, but is being abused by gov't.
Exactly. This presentation was as much about putting Iran and the world on notice of Israeli capabilities as anything else.
Exactly why #BarackObama hated @netanyahu
Amazing
This is one of the reasons we are friends with Israel.
This like when Israel stole nuclear weapons knowledge from the US to finish its weapons program. Nice!
Doesn't look like a propaganda farce at all... Welp, at least Nutty-Yahoo upgraded from crayons.
@seanmdav @dcexaminer you gotta love the mossad
haha, sure.  How many VHS and cassette tapes did they smuggle out too? And if they found my Licensed to Ill cassette, let me know.  That thing is clearly not in this part of the universe.
Do you believe him?
I believe Barack I never told a lie, lead from behind Obama.
You mean . . . 
Not a smidgen of #CORRUPTION  
Benghazi was due to a video 
You can keep your doctor/insurance
Not a dime of Obamacare will go to #Abortion
I'm not emperor, can't give amnesty to #DACA
At least I'll be president @realDonaldTrump 
THAT Obama?
Where did they ever get the idea?
"Israel is one of several countries that is suspected of having nuclear weapons but has not signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty."
http://large.stanford.edu/courses/2017/ph241/lange2/ … 
