

AIPAC says Toda and the check's in the mail.
For decades, Netanyahu has been saying Iran is six months away. The only ones who believe him are his AIPAC paid puppets in Congress, like Tom Cotton. Cotton is the lowest form of career politician. Always willing to sell out America for funding.
We know your position on Netanyahu, you took a million dollars from him.
I’m sure you’re ecstatic to hear Netanyahu’s claims. All of the stars are lined up for you with Pompeo, Bolton at the helm to take us in to war against Iran. This is remindful of the intelligence of WMDs that brought us wrongly into Iraq. I definitely do not like your politics.
You know netanyahoo is a notorious liar who also lied us in to the Iraq war, don't you?
We will never forget you are a liar Tom..
..it is about your propesnity to want to "shoot" and ask questions later...it seems as if after having been witness to war, you should know better....and oh BTW, your friend @netanyahu just got Israel closer towards Fascism..as @haaretzcom debunked his BS:
unfortunately, #FakeNews that has been widely debunked...but not much to expect from someone who was the force behind the embarrassing letter that was also debunked.....before you get excited...it was never about the fascists running Iran today ( 1 of 2)
Sorry Tom I agree with some of your thoughts and views, stick with the senate leave the Governor position for @JanMorgan_
Afternoon Ass Kisser
Let me guess. Tom "Nuke"em" Cotton 100% behind Bibi.
Your statement on #nanoterrorism? Where can I find that?
Is it really That Congress believed the Iran not having nuclear program?
We th ed people didnt.
#MAGA
I'd rather send my Arkie sons to our southern border to fight the current US invasion.  No more wars for Israel.
Watch and learn.

You need to shut up and resign everyday you stay you embarrass Arkansas. Try to remember Israel lied to us about Iraq’s weapons program and look at the mess that created.
If you divorce will your ex wife get half your pay??  No, a local judge would determine alimony.  If your ex wife remarries, alimony stops.  So under 10 USC 1408 why does retired military pay garnishment CONTINUES when ex spouse remarries. Stop this discrimination against vets.
I knew I could count on you to be all for getting us into another war based on crap Intel. You never disappoint.
Net and Yahoo tried to warn us but Corker helped Obama
We know you are all in...and then in a few years you will say you were against it... bla bla bla
Oh boy!  Tom will humiliate himself!
It was a pr stunt designed to fuel Trump. We knew Iran was lying which is why the deal was done.
I bet you were jumping for joy only it didn’t cause the thrill you wanted. You’ll have to wait for another war.

War mongers!  #maketheguillotinegreatagain
