Trump’s camp. chair, son & son-in-law met with Russians for dirt on Hillary. 
For pol adviser knew about Russ. hack months in advance. 
Dep camp. chair spoke person-to-person with Russ. spies. 
Trump publicly asked Russia to hack Hillary on 7/27/16. They did.…
I’m really wondering what happened to you. I didn’t always agree with what you had to say, but you were always a patriot. Faced with evidence that a presidential campaign encouraged a foreign country to interfere in our elections, all you can muster is semantics.
I want to know: regardless of legality (I’m no lawyer, but I can’t imagine it was), if Trump’s campaign encouraged Russian meddling, do you believe that it was right or that it was wrong? Would you feel differently if Obama had conspired with Iran? Why or why not?
18 US Code 371 Conspiracy to defraud the United States
Your best argument Hugh is “where’s the statute?”.  Yup. That’ll work out greeeaattttt.... 
Hey Hugh, what is maddening is how you avoid discussing the facts of this issue. Instead you deflect by kicking up dust over a side issue like whether Trump shld sit with Mueller. What is your conclusion to be drawn from the extensive contacts the trump campaign had with Russia?
Trump should meet with the SC because he should be concerned about the rule of law and standing up for it, participating in it, and not covering his own A@@. If he's innocent, no problem. What does it mean for the office of the presidency that we are even debating this issue?
That is not the corrupt Trump we know!
the government calls it something other than collusion, true.  The government calls it Conspiracy. And by Trump's own spoken standard, if he has nothing to hide, he has nothing to fear.
Paul Begala is a ClintonObama stooge...why do people ask psychophants what thy think about anything???
We're way beyond collusion Hugh. "Conspiracy" is the name of this game...try to keep up!
I wouldn't impeach Trump. Beat him is the best punishment Trump can ever get
He’s not called Spanky for nothing! 
There was collaboration between the Russians and the Trump team, if it’s found to be illegal is the question
What you said is there is no evidence of collusion and there clearly is.  Or cooperation, or partnering, or what ever you want to call it .
No collusion there. Plenty on your side though
After the raid on Cohen’s office and the leak of these ridiculous questions, there is absolutely no way a lawyer with any real experience would advise a client to walk into that trap. Let Mueller subpoena him, fight the subpoena and if it is upheld take the 5th. They got zero.
Were I Trump's attorney, I would advise him to refuse to interview with the Special Council's office, and to invoke his 5th Amendment rights when subsequently subpoenaed. Because frankly, both his actions and his demeanor have been that of a guilty man. Time to circle the wagons.
1/I am emphatically not a lawyer, nor can I cite the fed code, but I do know that Ethel & Julius Rosenberg were executed--put to death, a capital crime--for "conspiracy" to commit espionage. Not for espionage or treason, but for CONSPIRACY. And Ethel was innocent, played no role.
2/ Nor am I suggesting anyone committed a capital crime, but there appears to be compelling evidence--or #MuellerInvestigation, it would appear--has evidence (or reason to believe) that crimes of conspiracy were committed. Guess we'll all just have to wait and see...
3/ As to whether @potus should testify before the #MuellerInvestigation, I think non-lawyer @robreiner got it exactly right==>
Mr. President, if you refuse to answer Mueller’s questions, you’re fucked. If you agree to answer his questions, you’re fucked. Have a nice evening.
Even IF they talked with Russians to find dirt.... why is that unusual, especially given the fact that Clinton's team did the same and call it opposition research.  Hell... they even invented the evidence--why isn't their more backlash against Clinton instead of focusing on Trump
Bless you, my old pal. You will try to minister to even lost causes like Begala, a twisted wreck if there ever was one.
Hugh Hewitt shut up you nit wit
So your against impeachment it Rosenstein ?
Imagine Hillary taking the 5th?   Your heads would explode.
Your argument was that there wasn’t any collusion. #flipflop
Agreed any meeting would be for political purposes. If there was nothing to hide, and the witness could coherently convey that message, then it might help to meet with prosecution.
what does that say about the POTUS?
Any Senator who attempts to stop his removal from office should realise they themselves will be removed from office
Hugh Hewitt!! 
"I am saying I am unaware of any defense counsel who would advise @realDonaldTrump to meet w/ SC."
"I am saying I am unaware of any defense counsel who would advise @realDonaldTrump to meet w/ SC."
"I am saying I am unaware of any defense counsel who would...
Defense Counsel, no. Political advisor? The answer should be a definite yes. But with you and your ilk willing to give him a pass for anything, he won't pay a price for not upholding his duty to the country by giving the SC/Americans answers.
Where’d those goalposts go?
Yes to HH
They were looking for Hillary’s 30k emails. They would have been stupid not to.
