iran needs to be punished hardly
This time is serious ,I see a regime change is coming ,I,m ready more that ever to pick up my AK-47 and and defend my people
one thing is for sure bram. We will not let them damage us anymore. But dont forget our biggest weapon is our mind. When its time to fight it is time to fight. Until then we develop eachother further for a better future generation. Dont forget that. Her Biji Kurd u Kurdistan.
Couldn't agree more , Biji Kurd u Kurdistan.
           Her Biji  !
i still remember all the evidence he had on Iraq's WMD program, that only cost us 5000 lives and 50,000 casualties and 1 Trillion dollars .. Bibi is going to be under indictment for corruption  - he needs a distraction
I remember the slam dunk in Iraq.nope.dont believe à word Bibi said
Israel’s #WMDclaim?  Back to Colin Powell at the UN (2003) or sequel to Barry Levinson’s #WagTheDog (1997)?
183 CD’s weigh half a ton? Is there a different gravitational field involved?
How would they Authenticate it?? And could it possibly be the plans before they reached a the Nuclear deal??
Obtained is the new term for hacking, evidently.
...why didn't they use DVDs? A flash drive???
Why am I getting a visual of five guys running to a building, opening up the doors and safes and saying "oh crap"...
DVD's would be more efficient and consume less space.  #FYI
Math is not my strongest asset but I am pretty sure that is not a half ton of material
Interesting timing on this announcement.  If it were someone other than Bibi it may be less suspect.
So they found paper evidence of a nuclear weapons program? That’d be pretty strange...
Netanyahu was right all along-he knows the Iranians mind set. I tend to trust his instincts especially in the face of existential threats publicly broadcast by Iran. They are big time liars and cheats and I feel sorry for the 80 million people under the thumb of the ayatollah
They found it by change outside nuclear facilities lying on the road
That would be 88 959 Floppy Disks.
Neat.
Remembering Colin Powell today, for some reason.
At some point he sold his soul and became a politician - up for sale to the highest bidder.
Is obtained the new word for stole or fabricated?
Apparently yes. Look at the vocabulary that is used. Half of a ton. We all know that this is a lie
Yeah, but it’s really half a ton of bullshit. Of course Iran had a nuke program. That’s why #IranDeal

Here we go again with zionist propaganda for a new war.
Thanks @BarackObama @JohnKerry!!!!
This Net guy is the worst Monty Hall ever. I'm not taking door number 3.
