Cervivorsister
I think that means you are a survivor. I wanted to say congratulations. You are amazing

Congratulations Heather! I've been cancer free for 26 years and counting. God bless her and you Rick for your own journey of survival from cancer!
Congratulations Nancy
God bless this beautiful girl and keep her safe.
~ CONGRATULATIONS!!! ~ from one survivor to another!!!!!  
That's awesome! Blessings sent her way!
My daughter is battling stage 3 breast cancer...and she is my hero too!!
My Prayers are with her.  Tell her to stay strong and to surround herself with positive people.
Wonderful news!!!  God Bless
Inspiring!
God Bless 
Praise God!!
Congratulations beautiful Heather!!! 
Go Girl! *fistbump* #cancersurvivor
Congratulations Heather! You are beautiful.
Actual footage of Heather 
May God Bless you and continue to heal you each and every day.,,Amen
Outstanding Heather, “Go Hard Never Quit”!!
Beautiful young woman. God bless her always.
She looks great after that brutal fight! I wish her well, Richard.
What a strong & beautiful inspiration.  God bless!
That’s great! Stay strong Heather! My younger sister Peggy is battling stage 3 breast cancer & just had her 2nd chemo treatment. She just shaved her head a couple of days ago. I adore her, her strength & her beauty! #WayTooYoungForThisFight
 for her (and you still). You both obviously from good stock. Fighting hard and winning. Continued success.
God bless

#WayTooYoungForThisFight
God bless and be with your niece ALWAYS... In Jesus Name... AMEN and AMEN 
Such a beautiful fighting spirit & smile...glad y’all get to see it around for many moons to come 
Tell you mom to stay strong, thanks for your part supporting your husband too. Woman hold family together. Thank you.
And I thank you for recognizing. 
Bravo.
Prayers for this beautiful, courageous, special soul! 
Awesome!
God is good ALL THE TIME!
10 year survivor! Congrats to your extremely brave and strong niece 
Congratulations to you also.
Why type of cervical cancer? I’m 31 and beat it a year ago too. Would love to connect with her!
Wonderful news!!!
Heather, You are absolutely beautiful! I myself am a breast cancer survivor. Stay strong pretty lady. 
Awesome!
The only thing better than hearing someone  beat cancer would be to hear there's a complete cure. Awesome news!
Praise the Lord!  Proud of your family!
God Bless her and keep her healthy. What a beautiful smile.
Wonderful news!! 
That's outstanding. And Congratulations.. 
For out lasting the Lenthiest Job Interview 
Ever recorded in History! 
Prayers for her, brother.
Wow.  You are awesome. Sending you hugs and love.  There is so much life in your eyes!
Prayers for her 
I lost my bf to this same cancer
God be praised
God bless her, being so strong, staying so strong..amazing...pretty face, nice dimples Heather....
God Bless you!! Stay strong this photo inspired me today!!
Man check out those dimples!! Good for her. Just buried a 30+ yr friend who lost his fight with Pancreatic Cancer. Cancer sucks.
She's my hero too!!
Heather is beautiful!! Tell her I have dimples too!! Praying for her healing!
Great for her!!!! Praise God for the healing!
god bless her Richard  why not I use electric clippers on my head I had to on my late ill wife
You are a warrior, Heather! You live life with strength and purpose. Many blessing!
What great news!! So happy for her! She looks beautiful and is an inspiration to others battling cancer.

MY PRAYERS are with her
Congrats @RichardGrenell  and Heather!!!!!!
 wonderful news!!
God bless you Heather!

A warrior's heart.
I don’t even know you and I’m happy for you all. Awesome.
Congrats to your niece Heather! U go girl! Praise the Lord, Praise the Lord, let the earth hear His voice. (Let the world know that U defeated cancer)
Amazingly awesome. Strength in numbersAll the best for a healthy and happy future. Also, Congrats @RichardGrenell on your new position.
Heather!  You rock!  God can help!  Praying he will heal you.  You are beautiful!
God Bless
God bless. Never give up.
Praise the Lord!
AWESOME  GOD BLESS YOU
Wow, amazing! I'm so happy for her, cancer has touched my family with unhappy endings, the people affected by this disease are warriors, no doubt!
Sending prayers. That is a tough battle. Very tough. I worked with women going through this and others. God bless her.
God bless her. What a champ. Prayers for her.
Congratulations to her and the whole family, Many blessings
Praise the Lord.
Heather! Your an awesome inspiration for all of us to never give up the fight 4 Health! Blessings always!!!
Beautiful!
Richard, I’ll ride for her too. @bikeVeloSano 
http://ccf.convio.net/site/TR/VeloSano/General?px=3164629&pg=personal&fr_id=1722 …
She is beautiful! @POTUS We need the CURES #WeThePeopleAreSovereign #ReleaseCures @realDonaldTrump #KillBigPharma #WWG1WGA  #GreatAwakening #QAnon
Prayers for her. God bless her and her fight this disease.
Blessings are on the way!

Bless her!
God Bless her!! 
May God continue to bless this lovely, strong young woman!
Ours too, and so are you, your Excellency.

I've visited chemo centers. I've seen a room of couches filled with shaved headed people, IVs in their arms, fighting for their lives. That is when I became a regular platelet donor. If you are healthy, not on heavy meds, your platelets are desperately needed by these fighters.
God speed

Blessings on you, Heather!!! #kickcancersbutt!!! 
Way to go! Great news! Best wishes!
You and your Niece are amazing Cancer Warriors!  

Congratulations!  #smile
Way to go Heather! God bless you all.
Good news Heather. I wish you many decades of health and happiness.
Human spirit and fight cant be beat. All respect to your niece Heather. Warrior spirit.
So awesome ...great news!!
Dear @RichardGrenell please give my best wishes to this great young warrior. God bless her #WayTooYoungForThisFight
Proud to retweet HER and all courageous Fighters against cancer
NYTIMESREPORTINGMUELLERHASQUESTIONSFORTRUMP?????WOWWEAREECSTATICSOHAPPYTRAPTIMEIMPEACHMENTTIMECANTWAIT...........
God Bless Her 
You're a good man Richard...
Congrats Heather!  I have one round of chemo left then surgery. I fo understand.   Keep fighting!
So proud of you, Heather!  Congrats on staying in, and winning, the fight. We need those beautiful dimples in the world.
May she be blessed in her recovery!!!
Way to go Heather!
Godspeed Heather
God Bless
Wow.. Bless her...
Tough Road she traveled and made it through.                                                What a beautiful smile.
God Bless!
God Bless!!!
Thank you for everything you do for our country. #MAGA
she is indeed a Hero. 

Rick that is just wonderful news!!
God Bless her and you as you begin your journey as our new Ambassador to Germany 
Congratulations Heather! Enjoy your ‘new’ life knowing you can tackle anything now. In the big picture, most challenges or problems you face will look small compared to what you’ve been through.  
Signed, 
A Stage 4 cancer survivor. 
PS: Bald is beautiful!
Amazing!!!!!   Way to go Heather!!!!!!!   
I lost my dad in 2009 to cancer. Went to the doctor in July. Found stage 4. December, passed away. I hate cancer.
 So happy to hear this! This has been a great week so far in the Grenell family!
You and your niece are BOTH fighters!  #stayfierce
Congratulations to her and your entire family
My niece just beat stage 4 breast cancer, had to have a total hysterectomy at only 35, but shes alive and cancer free 1yr
God bless her and keep her safe!
I went through that battle in '96.  Glad she will join us survivors Richard. God Blessed you both.
It is great news to celebrate, Ima!
Good for her and keep fighting...
Congratulations
Great news
May God bless you
Tell her she's beautiful.
And she has beautiful eyes.....You go girl!!! I will keep her in my prayers
God bless her
God bless her. She is a strong woman! By his grace I pray for her full recovery.
She’s beautiful..God bless her and keep her healthy. 
My prayers are with you

Awesome.
Awesome, praise God!
Blessing to you.
I’m glad she is fighting and is better.  It is shameful that we were unable to develop an HPV vaccine 40 years ago.
Way to go girl......#RockOn #GodBless

May the Lord continue to bless you, Heather
Praise Jesus!
Congratulations!
Parabéns Guerreira  
Heather your still BEAUTIFUL
Stay strong Heather!!
God bless you Heather. Stay strong. 
Gute Besserung!
I hope she remaIns cancer free. It's a tough battle within the mind and takes courage, strength and a good support system. Glad she beat it.
A fellow cancer survivor. I love it! 
Most powerful thing a human being can do  #FuckCancer
Keep fighting Heather
Beautiful lady! Congrats! 
God Bless her...
God bless.
God bless
Congratulations! Cancer who? Cameron the fuck what?
God bless your heart you are a fighter.
WOW-Congratulations keep going
Bless her heart.  Stay brave and strong.
Praise the Lord!
Congrats Heather. That’s a tough cancer. Prayers for you.
Best of luck.  All prayers and best thoughts.
Amen and God bless you

Congratulations! Eat healthy and avoid stress. May you live a long life!

As a fellow cervical cancer survivor I know exactly what she's been through. I couldn't be happier for her. She still has a long road ahead but I have no doubt she'll do great!
Thank you Lord for your loving grace, in the highest!
Praying for your continued improvement!! Congratulations Heather!!
From one survivor to another congratulations. #powerofawoman
Way to go Heather! Happy for you and admire your courage and bravery. Take this day that was given to you and share your strength with others.
Congratulations!
PRAYERS YOUR WAY MY FRIEND! ;) <3
God is a healer
God bless her!
Best news of today. Amen! 
Good for her! What a powerhouse of a woman!! Giving cancer the 
Amen Richard!
God bless her.

#WayTooYoungForThisFight
Praise God!!
I hope you make it.  I don't think chemo is the way.  I believe chemo does the body worse.
Good!

WARRIOR!
God bless her...always...
WOW!
Brilliant. Well done her. Victory.
OUTSTANDING!!
What an amazing woman!
I feel this is often the ignored cancer. Treated too slowly by many Drs. They assume all CC are slow growing.   We need better education!
Fellow survivor. She is not alone. Hystersister.
Congratulations!!
Get on CBD's and she'll be cured in months...
What wonders God gives us, when we add our own fight and determination. Bless her. 
God has bless you keep up the good work bless you let  find a cure
