Great news, and best of luck in your new role as US ambassador!
Thanks, my friend
Congratulations on your appointment!
Wishing you well as you undertake your service as our ambassador to Germany!
My wife (32) who finished treatment at the end of January for Stage-4 NCP had her first scan results today... #cancerfree Step by step, kicking it in the ass !!
She's a warrior!  Great news.
Best news ever!!!!

Awesome news! A clean bill of health for your new gig. Congrats again!!
Yes !! I’m happy for you !! 
I’m 6 years cancer free so I know what you go through. May God continue to bless you
Mazal tov. The ones I liked hearing from the oncologist were "Don't take this the wrong way way, but I don't want to see you here again" delivered with a smile.
 Best news ever. Send us pics from your travels please. We have been not so patiently waiting for you to get up and revving!!
Very happy for you. My hubs has had 2 scans showing cancer free. May your blessings continue.
3 years free from cancer...I loved being told my Oncologist didn't need to see me for 6 months because my blood work was boring too!
Richard I got my three month today as well. I’m clean and clear!!!!!
Awesome
Or, as Joe Biden would say, "The 3 greatest words a cancer survivor could hear."

Great news, Rick!
I just had my full body bone scan n blood work also . 18 years c free for me . Congrats to you
As a 14-year cancer survivor, who was told "Stage 4: You most likely won't survive this experimental treatment" ( then did!), this news makes me smile for you. Also #cancerfree
Congratulations! We like our Ambassadors boring!!!!
Outstanding News, God is good
I'm seven days away from my 3 year post chemo milestone. My blood work also continues to be boring. This kind of news just keeps getting better and better. Best of luck to you!
So much to be thankful for at this time! Looking forward to seeing your work in Berlin. Godspeed, Mr Ambassador Designate!
Good for you, Richard. God bless!
Congratulations on life!!!!
Congrats.  Unfortunately, I’m a member of this club as well.  I wish you continued good health!
God Bless you both and I pray that you continue to get that awesome news for many many years to come. Just lost 2 people Brother/ ex who was a vet to cancer DX to late both passed with in a month of finding it. God has plans for you both.
I’m sorry for your loss.  Thank you for the kind words.  God bless you and your family.
congrats!  Day 204 post bone marrow transplant and my blood check at the hospital today was squeaky clean too
God Bless You, Jason!
thank you!
Hallelujah Mr. Ambassador!
Waiting for mine understand..battling for 17 years!!! Congrats
I agree and congratulations.  I just had my 2nd 3-month after prostate cancer surgery and got the "undetectable" result that is such a relief.
Join the club of cancer survivors.
Excellent!  Way to knock it down Ambassador
Boring is good.  Very good.  Blessings to you and your family.
Good week for you.  First confirmation, now this.
Best words ever! I got bumped to six months because I’m “the healthiest cancer patient “ my doctor treats...ha!  I’ll take it. Wishing you well!!
 God bless, Mr. Ambassador!
Glad to hear that!
Fantastic! Congratulations on your good news and your restored health.
Congrats, I’m 2 years cancer free and start my 6 month scans.
Excellent, happy for you too. Every success against cancer is a win for all.
Thank you 
Thank God!! I pray that you only ever hear this news from now on 

#chemowave
10 years out and I still get nervous when getting blood checked
Yup without a doubt...completed chemo in 09 & every damn time I get blood work I get sick to my stomach
So pleased for you Richard (Mr Ambassador) and much health and success always!!!! #cancerfree 
I will definitely second that!!!
Congratulations! It can be scary. I just got a similar result.
This is THE best news I’ve heard all month! Even ahead of hearing you have Finally been confirmed as our Ambassador to Germany.  
God bless you!
“Boring”must be music to your ears right now 
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Yippee.... I know exactly how you feel.....
I rejoice with you on being...boring. 
Brilliant! Thank you, God! 
To our PRESIDENT and his great administration! Proverbs 11:14
 Richard!! God is GREAT!
Wonderful News Richard #cancerfree 

Praise God!  I’m praying for your continued good health and new endeavors as our voice in Germany.  God speed Ambassador Grenell! #MAGA
PTL!
Great News!
Woohoo, Be Blessed Sir and congrats again! 

#GodisGood
Wish you well my friend!!
That's great news! My son is a childhood survivor and i agree, the best eords EVER!
Congrats! I just finished treatment last week. I can so appreciate this for you. Stay #cancerfree
If you take #mms you'll never hear those words
Congratulations, Richard! This is the best news ever! God Bless you! 
Great news. And God Bless You.
Prayers for your on going fight! God bless you and congratulations Ambassador! #cancersurvivor
Like my cancer remission ---- I'm thankful for Obamacare (because of ACA, my cancer was detected), I'm thankful for modern medical expertise, I'm thankful for the very skilled and expert doctors, nurses, and other hospital staff.
God Bless!!
Blessings  Best Thoughts & Health Wishes & Congratulations To You @RichardGrenell & Thank You For Not Giving Up On Waiting For German Ambassador Confirmation!
You Are An Exemplary Patriot 
Boring is awesome Mr. Ambassador. Praise God!
I hope you continue in remission. I know well the “ scanxiety”.
Congrats on the great news
#PraiseGod Awesome news! Congratulations!
Great news!
Great news!
Hang in there - many of us have endured the same dread and the same relief. Great to see you looking so good tonight with Laura.
Congratulations!
#ourgodisanawesomegod
So happy to hear this wonderful news!
Congrats, from one cancer survivor to another!
Thank God! Much love, HEALTH and happiness to you
That’s great news... before you know it you’ll be celebrating a year without cancer, then 2,3 and so on. You’ll never forget the date you were told you had cancer and you’ll learn to love when that date passes each year. Here’s to being Cancer Free! 
Congratulations! That’s wonderful news! May God continue to bless you with good health!
Praise our Mighty Savior
Now off to Berlin.
Congratulations on your boring blood and the not so boring triumph!
Awesome news!
Glad to hear.
Congrats!!!!!!!! THAT IS AWESOME!
Wonderful news!  Congratulations
That's great. But so is: 'Your girlfriend is not pregnant." And, "we have medicine for that strain of gonorrhea."
God bless you, Ambassador!
Well, congrats on the great report!
God Bless!
Praise the Lord!
Great news Richard keep healthy keep your check up with DR
to be on the safe side
we love you stay strong
Good to hear. Best wishes for continued good reports.
Great news!!!
Been there done that Congrats...C always picks tuff ppl to mess with. #CancerSucks
Prayers answered
Amen
Very glad to hear.  My husband is a Dr.  He LOVES to give good news.
Boring is good I love boring. Congratulations Mr. Ambassador.
Good for you, keep fighting the good fight!
God Bless you Richard!
That is amazing news.  So happy for you
I know that feeling and I celebrate with you.  Best of luck in your future endeavors.  Stay strong
Great to hear and congratulations on your Ambassadorship 
Kudos & Best Wishes for continued great blood work!!!!
Praise God!!
Congratulations  Celebrating with you Richard!!
We are very #HAPPY and #PROUD of you!
Good vibes Ambassador Grenell!
Congrats!  Been there.  Boring is the best news ever.
Best news ever!!!
And so are we #thankingGod for you. Blessings in your new post.
God is good. He’s got your back
I'm so happy for you. Looking forward to great things in Germany!
Congratulations.
Congrats go celebrate!
Great news! 
Praying for your continued good health!
God Bless you and thank you for your service

Stay strong & continue to stand strong for #US and our allies, secure in the knowledge that you, your family & your Embassy staff remain in our prayers & go always with our best wishes.
#Salute, #SemperFidelis & #GoodHunting
to Ambassador @RichardGrenell.
Today was the dreaded 3 month cancer check-up...and there are no better words in the English language to hear than when your doctor says: “your blood work is boring”. #cancerfree #thankingGod
Congrats!!!!
Congrats Ambassador
God bless 


Got my pet scan coming up on the 5/7 always nervous time
That’s great! Prayers for continued good health 
Awesome! Congrats
God bless you
Wonderful! All the best, Ambassador.
Congratulations Ambassador Grenell! God bless!
Wonderful news. Praise the Lord!
Thats great news. I just had my esophageal lesions biopsy and it came back all clear. Its like a weight being lifted of of you each time.
Great news!
Best news. Ever.
I do my 3 month tomorrow, hope I get a boring answer too! Congratulations, I know you will do an amazing job and thank you for your patience waiting to be confirmed.  Godspeed Patriot!
Would be nice. I’ve had cancer 4 times and I’m only 42. Twice I was given 4-6 month to live. I’ve been in remission (again) 3 years 5 months and 30 days 
THANK GOD !!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations on the great news!  #thankingGod along with you.
Me too, Amb Grenell.. and many more for us both.
I’m so happy for you
Awesome News Rick
Prayers really work  blessings 
GREAT NEWS!!!
Woo.  Congratulations, I know how you feel, cancer 3x and a stem cell transplant.
Congrats! 
Awesome!!!
Of course! America needs you! You've got things to do! 
Congratulations! There's a reason you're still here! Dedicate your life to it
good for you sir !
And continued health to you Mr. Ambassador!
Excellent!  My guy given 3 months on 3/1/16 gets scans every 3 months. His have been boring! My wish is boring blood test and scans forever for everyone!  I’m happy for you!
Excellent news, Ambassador!  Thank you for your patriotism.
Wait a minute Richard Grenell is openly gay and @realDonaldTrump makes him an ambassador. Question: I thought @realDonaldTrump was homophobic, Racist, xenophobic and every other phobic you can think up. That doesn’t make sense.  #TrumpTrain2020 , #trumpNobelPeacePrize
Congratulations!!! My husband is waiting for results of his biopsy. He has been fighting bladder cancer for the past 5 years so I know how relieved you must be.
A YUGE fan!
So great to hear!
Thank God! Continued good health!
I hear you. I’ve graduated to 4 months.
Congratulations!
"Cancer? Get outta here!" ~ George Costanza
Thank God. So pleased for you Ric! Now back to work, Mr. Ambassador!
I've been there. Three years and counting for me. I thank God every day I'm still here with my family. I'm blessed 
Great news for you
I get this. Congratulations. You can breathe now.
God is good. The Grace of God is sufficient
Best News Ever!
God Bless You!
Congratulations.

Yes. It is a fear for all of us. 

Cheers to having boring blood.
 God bless
Absolutely great news. You are Blessed
Congrats Richard.  God bless!
congrats! That’s about the only thing that’s boring about you!
are answered
I know the feeling.
Six treatments of Chemo To go, half of completed with lots of side effects delaying others, look forward to ringing the bell at its completion and no more Cancer in my system! Lord help me get through w/this I've got a little more living to do before I move to another place!
So glad to hear. You have a lot of work to do in Germany. 
Cogratulations!
awesome news!
Know the feeling!! yeah!!
Richard, please search William Li, MD and his articles/YouTube videos on “Eat to Beat Cancer”. Stay healthy!
mazel tov
God is awesome. May your good health be permanent in Jesus name.
good luck mate
#please #help or #share
Congrats. Savour every day. Tomorrow is promised to nobody
Check it out! ariful_hassan will speed up website optimize wordpress websit... for $5 on #Fiverr #IfSlaveryWasAChoice #ArianaOnFallon #Steph #Draymond #The_Pelicans #KendrickPerkins
Great news, just had my 1 yrs scans..

Congratulations that's wonderful!
Excellent!
