Average supporter's IQ sinks below room temperature...
and is still a record low for any president
Literally not, but, ok.

I didn't see the 49 questions from Mueller to Hillary. Do you have them? LOL.
Those were all covered during the 13 Benghazi investigationsthat turned up nothing.

Just wait until he gets the Nobel Peace prize.
I'd rather wait until he's impeached
:(
Bro read her twitter bio lmfaoooo what a clown
That’s a triple whammy bro. Cringe worthy
bro
Why? He didn’t do anything.
Ask North Korea.
Sad that people approve of a adulterer and liar....
Shame on you America.
Wow 43% Congratulation!
Wake me when the poll average shows him outside the band of 37-43. Forget the outliers, he's been stuck in that range the whole time. Of course it won't change until November. If GOP gets crushed, his numbers will fall because he won't be seen as useful by Republicans anymore.
You are obsessed with Polls.Get over it you liberal are one dimensional ,no . discernment.  Remember the pundit predicting DT dismiss in the primaries and general elections ,people fake moral was exposed

SmokyEyeAsh Poll?
American people are awakening!
Should read:  Romney praises himself after Trumps first year in office
Polling more knuckle draggers again?
Yes, more "military knuckle draggers."
How much money did Trump shell out to get this percentage?
My family is getting an extra $515 next year due to TCJA, so that’s your answer, I suppose.
Almost a whole $10 a week for a family.  Wow!
It’s better than nothing and certainly better than a tax hike, which is likely what would happen with the opposition in power!
So where do we get the money to pay off the deficit?
You don’t need to pay off the national debt. Government budgets don’t work quite like household budgets, as central banks provide a large amount of discretion.
So you believe our current trend is good for the US?
It’s neither good nor bad. The large threat is increasing social welfare spending as the population ages, which directly threatens structural growth, but the sole debt figure is not the big issue.
Who's doing the polling and who are they asking? Are they ignoring the majority of people who are embarrassed that Trump is President?
More like 65% but ok
See, truth. Doesn't it feel good!?
At 42%
Almost as popular as waiting at the DMV, just edging out colonoscopy exams.
You help nothing with hyperboles like that.
sure.. rolling my eyes
We really need better education
Trump’s approval rating has not even reached his minority popular vote percent (46%).  Two SAD totals.
If they legalize weed in IL, so will I.

All this means is that Republicans have more reason to ignore his corruption and ineptitude.
Devastating news for Democrats
Add ~9%
I don't know where in the hell they take these polls there has got to be a sewer posing as a swamp somewhere.
Fake news. Hes over 50% and rising.  2020 winner easy.
7 more years.
Get over it.
The stock market continues to tank, salaries have none stepped up and everyone knows they got screwed on the tax scam.  These are mystery ratings.

We got a happy  here folks.
Of course and still 10 points low.

I weep for this country.

Thinking I know the answer to this question of which poll.  The poll taken in the House and Senate combined.  See, poll issue solved.
Lol. People are pretty lame to look past the corruption and lies of the weakest of presidents.
"Won't someone rid Me of these  Lying, Leaking, Crooked, Troublesome Lawyers at the DOJ." Billy Shakeaspear.
Still failing. And worse pres of ALL TIME. #IdiotInChief #MoronInChief #Spanky #StormyDaniels #PeePeeTape
It’ll rise as wagons circle with the noose tightening. Many r abandoning reason & doubling down because they’re feeling donor pressure from upper levels of Conservative K-Street respond 2 an “all hands on deck” with Mueller inching in. Case in point; recent sharp U-turns by Hugh
In what polls?
So does the debt.

Say goodnight Dems.
Stock market booming, unemployment at lowest number in history, N. Korea man-handled to the bargaining table, Black and Hispanic unemployment lowest on record, a president FIANLLY taking the Illegal alien invasion seriously, etc. etc. etc.
America is becoming great again !
In Russia.
What's still more popular? Herpes.
Whoopee! Who gives a flying f**k!
I don’t know anybody who’s ever participated in surveys like that. Do you?
Approval 42% Disapproval 58% still disapproved if by more than half even I can see that and I have Dyscalculia
42%, still a failing grade in any school.
Except apparently the school of life.  Interesting...

How can so many people approve of his performance? It’s shocking and beyond belief.
This is another lie.
Most recent weekly average
42% approve? Gallup polls web site lmao!
Apr 23-29, 2018
Hats off to 58% of respondents!
“@thehill: Poll: Trump approval rating hits 11-month high http://hill.cm/D68qdi6  ”
@realDonaldTrump 
KEEP FIGHTING
Because... well, yeah
Breaking News: You have a little something on the side of your lip.

Stop sucking off Trump, these are not good numbers
I thought his approval was at like 2% thats what the left wong media have ypunthinking brainwashed as always
Did you have a stroke?

did you make up your own polls you bunch of liars lmao!
What the hell is wrong with people?!
42% still sucks. That should be the headline.
42% on a highly liberal network! That's pretty good, cupcake
Trump's approval actually bounces around 40% This '11 month high' is well withing the margin of error.

As some people have been known to say: "this story is fake news."
Hahahahahaha
Pretty soon he will be more popular than dog s**t
Breaking: The Hill hates democracy by refusing to attend future #WHCD .
42% is bigly huge and amazing... just amazing...  in fact, it’s the largest and biggliest most fantastic approval rating of any President ever...
@POTUS Gitty up!
Im not sure what that is, it is frightening
Just shows you , you can raise your approval by doing nothing . Guess the citizen are gullible to all his lies !
A whopping 42%.
Note how they did not include the 3 words that mattered most in what should have been this headline:

"...of 42 percent"
In other news, Trump's approval directly correlated with the rise in stupidity and racism.
The more Michelle Wolf talks....
Really?!
Yay, Propecia!!
and not a word on the lies IT told yesterday ?
Who ARE these people? What’s wrong with them?
Me. Nothing is wrong.
1) Clearly there is. 2) It was rhetorical. 3) Nothing more to add. Conversation completed. Have a good afternoon.
What is it? 32%?
Wrong !
