No but Saudi Arabia sure is
To divert attention from pending indictments?  He and #AgolfTwitler could kill 2 investigations with 1 war.
The Russia investigation is a farce. Don't be a sheep
The "russia investigation is a farce" is a farce. Don't be a sheep.
Lol. Chill buddy. Jokes are ok.
You seem to have triggered something.
TRUMP SEND YOUR SUPPORTERS TO WAR
Lool
Prime Minister facing criminal charges? Start a war to distract people
Stop this rhetoric, not all current diplomatic relations are to 'distract' from politicians' dirty laundry. Israel has been at war with the surrounding Arabic states since it's inception, this isn't new.
Sorry, but it most definitely is a strategy that many people feel Trump would pursue. Sorry if I disparaged Israel, but Donald's got me thinking of worst-case possibilities.
Apologize again for criticizing Israël lie down like a shit  and don't forget to lend your wife and daughter
Wise preparations in view of Iran's hostility to Israel
#Restart_Opposition #Seyed_Mohammad_Hosseini #Telegram
#Occupied_Iran
This is bs... "Preparing" for war??? Don't be silly. Israel has long been prepared!
@alexgibneyfilm @SangerNYT @GenMhayden isn’t this precisely why we got Stuxnet? Israel wanted a shooting war, knew they couldn’t prevail and would count on US to finish the fighting. We convinced them to go the Cyber route instead
That is what happened before.
Pretty sure Israel is ALWAYS preparing for war with Iran.
They kinda can't let their guard down. Not with plenty in the region who always want them exterminated. It'd be stupid for them to not be prepared, especially if Iran is geared up.
The US invasion of Syria is absolutely not about fighting ISIS.
Of course that’s why they came out with the Nuclear weapons video.
Israel is preparing for us to go to war on their behalf, just like in Iraq. Remember how that worked out?
Sure do!!  retwtd.
Is #Israel #Netanyahu preparing #Trump #America , for war with #Iran ?

IS THE END OF LIFE ON EARTH HERE ? NUCLEAR WAR " WILL DESTROY THE PERFECT PLANET " ! WHICH MORON WILL DESTROY EARTH " MY NUCLEAR WEAPONS WILL KICK YOURS THEY BRAG " ! TO SAVE EARTH & OUR LIVES " WE MUST BAN NUCLEAR WEAPONS PERIOD " ! YOU CHOOSE LIVE OR DIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope Iran bombs them to Kingdom Come
Did your headline writer read the article? "In the past two weeks Iran has increased military cargo flights to Syria, stocked with additional weapons and supplies like ... surface-to-air missiles that two U.S. officials believe are meant ... to strike at Israel."
How can you strike at a country with a surface to AIR missile? Did Israel start flying and nobody told me? I cant wait to visit if that's true!
Iran’s Hezbollah proxies in Lebanon r reported to have 150,000 rockets or more. Iran proxy Hamas fomenting Gaza uprising . Qassem Soleimani stood near Golan Heights w/ binos to demonstrate Iran’s closeness to Israel . IF ISRAEL ISN’T PREPARED FOR WAR, WHAT R THEY WAITING FOR ?
Eh, Hamas is still mainly Sunni isn't it? They get support from Iran but not in the main way.
Iran is pledged (and has said so many times) to Israel's destruction. Your headline implies Israel should just sit and wait until they're attacked.
It doesn't imply anything.
Israel been keeping the world at war for over fifty years. Got America into endless war's in the Middle East resulted in millions of deaths from middle east to America. Have they seen enough blood yet.
Israel's the Burt Gummer of the Middle East, they're always prepared for a war, the question is if they're preparing for an OFFENSIVE.
Or IS that or WAS that .... for war with IraQ or IraN ? 

Please double and treble check your data.
This is something that could be either true or totally false or something in between.
As Iran doesnot have direct operable nuclear weaponry, they are always at the lee shore. And it will come to that in case of a serious conflict. But, Americans are Americans. Never believe one.
Seriously? What world are you living in? Israel has been preparing and ready for "war" with Iran or any other muslim nation since 1940s. Wake up!
Pretty much egged on by Orange Julius, who people pretend deserves the Nobel Prize.
Amazing  how many idiots on here support  Iran wanting to destroy the U.S. and Israel.
Shows you how many people will openly display their hate for America.
Better to display it right? That way you know who your enemy is. I hate America. Now you know who one of your enemy is.
Fantastic
There is only 1 true solution to the Syr problem & that will occur when it is incorporated into the West Bank
this is the most dangerous times we are living as we have two desperately and embattled leader in bibi and trump trying to be men
Wow
This has been going on for years, and you are just now reporting on it?
We are still in Afghanistan by the way
Israel is ALWAYS preparing for war with Iran. It’s the only way to guarantee its survival. #israel #idf
what a pile of crap, Israel is not preparing for war, Netanyahu's entire presentation was plagiarized from Dick Cheney's book of deceptive international tactics, and more egregiously then that, is the fact that America lives and treasure would be the cost of any Iranian conflict
Not a surprise.  The itch for war is evident everywhere.
fajn  konečně  někdo israhell  židovský  nacistický  stát  rozbombarduje
Considering the massive technology advantage Israel has, should be fairly short.
iran said they were coming...
Iran would be no match for Israel
Why?
To prepare doesn't necessarily mean to wage.
Any excuse to go to war.
good, let them take out Iran it will save us the trouble
Um, that's not what your article says   so click bait #fakenews
This will destroy Israel.
Yeah they're always screaming death to Iran, they want to wipe Iran from the map... Oh wait....
Lol
Here we go again like back in 2002
Both Netanyahu and Trump are plagued by scandal and corruption, wouldn't put it past either of them to start a war to save their own asses.
They always are. Everyone in the media can’t use common sense.
Is American leaders not happy unless their is a war?
You don't want to mess with isreal, it's like throwing a rock at a bees nest. Good luck with that iran
We need to stay out of it.
Nothing wrong with being ready.
I hope this doesn't hurt Trump's chances of winning the Nobel Peace prize
Another move to draw the US in.  We cannot be the police force for the world, because of our crushing debt load. The last four presidents combined made sure of that.  We should be making hard choices on everything right now.
He’s been planning this for months with Trump, Pompeo, McMaster and now Bolton.
Agreed
Si vis pacem para bellum
They have to
Bibi had an emergency meeting with his cabinet.  Hours earlier, the Knesset gave the PM the power declare war, with only a single vote/approval by the defense minister - Lieberman who is a far right wing war hawk.  Israel is imminently going to war with Iran.
Bibi’s “presentation” was done in English, not Hebrew. His audience was not Israel. It was #Trump.  The presentation is old Intel, and is being used as a False Flag, a casus  belli to declare war against Iran. Bibi is waiting for green light, a nod of approval to start the war.
good, save us the trouble and let Israel do it.
Russia & Iran are working together to prop up Assad’s Syrian regime. Russia is using air bases in Iran.  If you think this won’t spark a wider war & confrontation...
Then let me explain this will lead to Israel’s invasion. 
Sunnis may despise the Shi’a, but they hate the Israelis
no israel
Idiots, Israel is prepping the world for the time it has to take action because no other nation would. They have given you all the facts on Iran for years but have been ignored.
I wonder who Obama wants to win !
Amazing!! Actually it’s Iran that has prepared to go with Israel for decades !!!
Netanyahu probably is since he feel he has the backing of @realDonaldTrump. Isreal may get surprised and blown off the face of the map, taking the rest of us with them trying to be cute. Flim and flam better watch themselves. Netty is acting like an opportunistic bish.
And by default so is the US since Israel is the defacto 51st state
& this is why we can't trust Net.  He is motivated by self interest & wants us to back him up.Israel starts war & we're suppose to help?  We've created a monster.
Really? Thanks for the info. A little late though. The day Obama made the deal was the day war with Iran was guaranteed.
Well if you are goi g down like trump n netanjahu are...u may as well take a few 100k spuls with you...
So far Israel has fought all its wars without any outside help. All the actions Israel took & was admonished for, turned out to benefit the world like blowing up the Iraqi reactor. And finally, Israel & the us benefit from each other on a regular basis so do your research first.
Obama gave Iran permission to build the nukes and gave them billions of dollars.
Great !
Keep us out of it, you start a fight then you finish it instead of asking big brother to help you. We are tired of fighting wars for others to reap the benefits
The U.S. govt. And Israel are joined at the hip or share joint bank accounts on Wall St. War is about money and resources (oil).
Saudi Arabia shares the link to violence in the middle East.
fixed: "Israel preparing to drag U.S. into war with Iran"
I love Isuzu vehicles
I loved their commercials
Ya think this is why he was showing Donnie all those "fake" pics and files ? He's wanting him to stand with him in this war !!
Yes.

The Hebrutal Hebrews are absolutely bent on war.
Well, they can fight alone.
That's what the Natenyahu press conference on Iran & it's nukes was all about,
Remember the same garbage being said about Saddam Hussien's NON-EXISTANT nukes being used by the GOP to go back to Irag for a second time.
Sort of the old saying 'Everything is fair in LOVE AND WAR'
ik ben op aarde gekomen en geboren om in liefde recht te zetten niet in harde hand. ik ben john dekker me sofi nummer 177018227 ik ben geboren omdat ik medeleiden had en heb met deze wereld , ik ben christus ook lieve mensen, ik was christus zowiezo tot 2014 tot me hart werd open
Conspiring with Russia, braking Iran deal, talking with North Korea... This can't be coincidence, that this is all happening at the same time. What's the message?
What was Israel doing till now rather apart from war what do these middle East countries do ?
liars
Hope US stays out of it
Fine.  Keeps us out of it.
Probably, they are the 2nd terrorist nation in the world.
Wonder who will win that one, two guesses, first one won’t count.
Israel seems to be preparing the US for war
Mockingbird Media, Military Industrial Complex and the Worlds Rich Globalist Love War! Lot's of profits!
Iran is a tyrannical and oppressive nation, yet you won't see libs talking about that.
now we see who the destabilizing force is in this situation.  First convince people to kill the deal, then start a war
Maybe..but if they do go to war it will be with Saudi Arabia and other Arab nations!! Oh and that little ole Country USA! I think Iran better listen to Trump!
why do u think Netty came out and said what he said yesterday? he wants the U.S. in it to support him.
Israel can protect themselves. No more faux wmd wars for us! We can't afford it, troop wise or money wise.
You didn't see the wmds in iraq?
This is like when your best friend starts a fight at the bar. You know he is wrong, but you got to have his back anyway.
Israel didn't start the fight though.
LET THEM. LEAVE USA OUT
@NourOusama
ااه ااااه اااااااه
Always
And are we willing to send our troops to die for Israel?
Obama’s and Kerry’s “deal” with Iran seems to be more about optics and legacy than common sense and substance
The former president got snookered.  He also gave them billions to commit acts of terrorism around the world.  Was he clueless, or supporting them?
What acts of terrorism around the world are you talking about ?
And Cain knew we want the same things and I don't mind if Obama is king of Israel I just don't want to have to do all the work
But no Cain has been fighting for Zion since the beginning and that will never change
They also wanted the war in Iraq and got it.
”If you take out Saddam, Saddam’s regime, I guarantee you that it will have enormous positive reverberations on the region,” Mr. Netanyahu said....
Yes , definitely
War will solve nothing!
hhhhh, no never.
No more wars in the Middle East.
Hope so.....
