Walk away @NancyPelosi. We need a fresh start
Speak for yourself. “We” need a bulldog who is effective, and there’s no one who can herd cats better than Rep Pelosi.
If she steps away maybe we can get some more votes from some moderates and gain more seats.  That’s the bottom line.
What are I talking about? What moderates are going to vote on policy differently based on who the Speaker is? That’s nonsense.
Pelosi rocked as Speaker! Kept members together and pushed through the very important ACA!
Awesome! She's who we need to push back on the horrors the wh subjects us to on a daily basis and start holding he and his corrupt admin accountable.
Come on @NancyPelosi it’s time to hand over the gavel to someone new so we can finish the work you started. You’ve done your job; it’s time to cheer from the sidelines. #ItIsTime
She continues to be very effective. She can stay.
She has been absolutely effective and a core part of who we are as a party but she also has to step aside for those she paved the way for. It’s right and it’s time. We pass the mantle. It’s what we do.
Good! As far as I'm concerned, this is good news. Why did you use such an unflattering pic?
I think it’s a flattering pic of a woman getting it done! (But you are entitled to your subjective opinion)
It's not bad but it could certainly be better. Just not a big fan of open mouth pics
Yep. I get it. But she’s running for Speaker, so open mouth is IMO apropos.
Good! She doesn't f*ck around!
Well, There goes at least 10 Democratic seats this November.
How much longer are you going to continue. You have accomplished much. Retire gracefully. It is now time for a change.
At some point she must realize that other Dems with eyes on the WH need to be in the Speakers seat. Her ego is getting in the way of the Dems succeeding.
I appreciate @NancyPelosi’s leadership, but we need someone new!
Good.
The influx of new Dems in the 2018 midterms are not going to progressive ones.  They're most likely going to be conservative Blue Dogs who are not fond of Pelosi's and the rest of the party leadership.  Hell, Conor Lamb successfully campaigned against Pelosi.
I agree...dems need to represent their constituency...and in middle America they're going to have to be somewhat conservative...same thing for the presidency...we have to flip some red states...I know progressive Dems don't want to hear this...but it's the truth..
Omg.  Why would she say this NOW?
“We will put out a huge rake. I will step on it.”
Here we go again.  House is within reach, outside shot at the senate and Dems will find a way to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.
Nancy Pelosi needs to visit the heartland of America so she can get a clue.
More fuel for the GOP fire.
Please walk away. Give someone else a chance.
"I disagree, I think Nancy Pelosi always looks like that, she always has that bitter look on her face, I think she should smile more, maybe the country would be better off for it."

-Sarah Huckabee Sanders

Where's the outrage? Where's Nancy Pelosi's apology?
Don’t walk away mad Nancy, just walk away.
GET LOST!!!!

It’s time for this coming Democrat house to vote in a speaker NOT from the house.
Michelle Obama 
Joe Biden or even 
Barack Obama.
or Hillary Clinton . . .
Honestly let’s look at things with rose colored eyes.
This new congress will be forced to address the crimes in the coming mueller investigation.
If Hillary or Nancy are the face of the House  then they will be the story not trump and his crime families crimes.
True. But I balance that against the benefits of watching Trump’s total apoplexy every time Speaker of the House Clinton spoke.

I have no issue with her. I do have an issue with her inviting and accepting Big Money in the campaign process. We must end the influence of Big Money and lobbyists in Congress & get Campaign Finance Reform. To the extent she obstructs that, or clings to Big Money, I reject her.

Nancy & Hillary act like they don’t know the lights are off,it’s pass 2:00 and the party is over. It’s time for them to go.
Has Pelosi done enough?  Been seen by Americans enough?  Been heard enough since Trump took office?  Has she provided visible viable opposition and alternate ideas and solutions to the Trump train wreck?  I find too much of the senior leadership of the Democrats to be too silent.
man she needs to retire, fresh blood please and im from the San Franscisco area
I support her, but can we have someone under 60? Under 50? Mentor new leaders and then step aside.
Ugh!
Let's see what she does to get people to vote Democrat around the country. That will show us how badly she wants her chair back.
Nor should she.
Oh no. That will be a problem. Don't count on a big Dem victory with her leadership.
I have the feeling she may be ousted if enough young turks are elected
In every profession you worry at what age  you will be forced into retirement.  Why is govt a place for people 55+??  At a certain point you aren't physically and mentally the same when you were in your prime.  There is a reason why God created retirement!!
First, there's no God.  Second, don't know how old you are, but that is among the dumbest things I have ever heard anyone say, and that includes all of Trump's nonsense.  Also incredibly ageist.  Please don't project your mental deficiencies onto other people, no matter the age.
Old person with no clue or plan. Need new leadership. The Dems dropped working people as their core for illegal imigrants and LGBTQ.
And therein lies the problem. As much as many of us respect Speaker Pelosi, she is like HRC in that she energizes Republican voters. She needs to step aside...swallow her pride and help dems sweep house and senate in 2018.
Good luck Nancy.
OMG.  I shutter.  ObamaCare.  

#ObamaGate
@NancyPelosi is a narcisist too. She thinks only she can lead. She cannot see that the common American does not want her in leadership. She will drive away votes from the Democrats.
Very scary, it will looked like Halloween everyday!
No reason to. Nancy gave us Obamacare. We will win and she will continue winning.
Time for new blood
Just what the young, progressives of the party want: an octogenarian House Speaker! That’s our reward for the blood, sweat, tears and money the midterms will require? Another old white pol who will get carried out of Congress? RIP Robert Byrd!
So sad
Power grab ?
Kiss of death.
You need to be put out to pasture.
NANCY needs to step aside (from a dem)
You r very selfish!!
Get out! If u truly love your country, you want resign! We need fresh blood!
Hubris. @NancyPelosi Disaster for the Democrats.  She is barely coherent on topics now.  They WILL find a way to lose the midterms.
Ugh.
Well, we are in deep doodoo and the blue wave might recede.
Smh

Ha. The gift that keeps on giving...
Pelosi is part of the problem, not the solution #termlimits
Yay 
I. JUST. CAN’T
I'm just not convinced.
This is GREAT! Nancy will be just what we need as we try and put the country back together from Trump's attempts to rip it apart.
She can  barely walk. Meep meep the transport bus to the ole folks home is out run ready to take all the octogenarians back to the home for the night.
Tough as a jockey’s bollix.
Please, she's just clinging to power, it's tragic. She should have stepped aside as Dem leader after losing the house in 2010. The "five white guys" thing is just cover. She talks a big game about diversity, but where are the non-white-guys she's been mentoring to take her place?
That's enough of an incentive to vote Republican. Thanks Nancy!
Please ma’am return to San Francisco. Let your party build a new generation of leaders. New ideas and a new Dynamic
Send Nancy back to her Little Italy home in Baltimore where the food is scrumptious.  A little pasta does wonders for ones complexion.
It's time for an upper age in Congress 75 then you have to retire.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, whatever #Pelosi believes. Is she delusional? Seriously, #NancyPelosi should have retired years ago. It is time for her to sip on ice tea, play the slot machines with her "Golden Girls" and live out her Golden Years away from DC.
See in #Election2018 @NancyPelosi will play @HillaryClinton in #Election2016 and after they lose, she's go on tour saying "But I won the popular vote in drugged out California had 'em all on soylent green! WHAT went wrong???"
Let's get the house first.... Stop the day dreaming. There's tons of work to do.
and this is why @4aPeoplesParty #DemExit #ItsOverDems
Should be featured in every single 2018 GOP ad.
Retire already, Old lady. Stale voice, no one wants to hear.  Lightning rod for opposition.
She is toxic
She Hasn’t Learned The Meaning Of Shared Power... iCall #BallHog... 
They need to not fuck with @NancyPelosi She means business. If you were going after me after I'd been that effective raising $$$$$$$$$ for the DNC, I'd swat you like a fly. Do NOT age discriminate the queen. GO Nancy!
Power corrupts both sexes.

