Nope. Netanyahu is lying.
Nobody pay attention to a criminal like Netanyahu. #Netanyahu ordered the killings of hundreds of children and journalists and demonstrators, all unarmed. Some were shot in the back.
Indeed a bigger criminal n killer
well, you had lied all along from beginning.
What a show. I assume you chose this format so that the moron in the Oval Office could follow it?
I guess it was supposed to be shock and awe when he jerk those black bedroom sheets off
How about yourself?is it okay for you to have nuclear weapons and scare and bullying the neighbors?
Yes

People want our stuff and threaten our allies

Read our history before you question our motives
History is written mostly to justify your own actions, it's called nationalism and that's the very basis to create hatred for others
Our older history is far more accurate then anything published in the last 20 years

Our history is being rewritten these days like everything else

Contrary to some views, we really don’t care for war

Greedy people in power do

Luckily our president can’t be bought
Don't we all say/claim the same type of statements
The civilized among us realized. That we’re far more alike then first thought. We all arrive for the same things

The USA and Vietnam are trading partners these days

Things do change don’t they?
Yes of course, quantum leap in Materials but on civil social moral front it's  snail pace as might is right no matter what n economic exploitation
When did Netanyahu ever tell the truth?
Who on Earth made Netanyahu or Trump the World's Despots and Facists Police?
show and tell again.
Hey @Reuters, when are you going to push a story regarding what Netanyahu lied about?
Netanyahu: Iran lied about not pursuing nuclear weapons https://reut.rs/2KrGWaw 

Yet Israel refuses to confirm their own nuclear arms stockpile
Um. Netanyahu lied. His “proof” is old news. Iran has abided by the agreement since signed in 2015.
Only fools believed otherwise or wanted Iran to acquire nuclear bomb to neutralize Israel
Hello, all media relay this information, it's proof that it's a lie...
Lol. A liar calling someone else a liar. Who to believe.
@realDonaldTrump So did Obama & John Kerry!
Dems hate Israel but love Iran..Go figure
The question is: why didn't Israel share with the other parties in the agreement?
Don’t know the answer but if you want defend Iran who kept our embassy staff hostage for 444 days over Israel who’s are biggest ally in the Middle East that’s something a Democrat would do.
Because unilaterally pulling out of an agreement for no real reason makes the US look bad. Not to mention the damage to our positioning in any future agreements.
Doing the right thing or caring about what other people think it’s two different things I’m on the side of doing the right thing.
The "right" thing would be holding to an agreement.
So trust Iran who have been known to be one of the worlds biggest sponsors of terror and ignore Israel information regarding their nuclear program. Anything to save Obama‘s legacy even know this was one of the worst deals ever made for country. Dems will always lose.
Waiting for the European leaders response to this political theatre, trying to do Trump bidding more reason to withdraw US from Nuclear Deal, but who in the hell believe this guy? He bout to go to jail for bribery and corruption.
So they found some evidence?

Oh right 20k sealed warrants

Let’s see who’s charged first.....
Sorry but I trust nothing from Bibi
Can Netwityahoo be fully trusted.

BS just desperate and utter BS.
Kinda Ironic Netanyahu calling out Iran for lying.

Mushroom cloud over Tel Aviv in 54321 Boom

 Even those of low foreign policy  IQ like myself are aware  that the instant Iran finishes a bomb it’s heading over to Tel Aviv 

Sanctions be dammed
terrorist israel is big lier everytime.
@RealNetanyahu Israel is above law and the only country to speak truth and the rest of the world are liars! How about hundreds of Palestinians you are murdering! And the world watching with their eyes closed!
What about your own weapons?

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mordechai_Vanunu …
Given that Netanyahu is so credible 
If nukes about are a bad thing, why is it Israel has them. Israel is just erratic as Iran.
@netanyahu Lies Exposed
Netanyahu lies when he opens his mouth. Stop the wars enough is enough
@netanyahu praised his soldiers for murdering unarmed Palestinian protestors. He’s a f**king war criminal, just like @realDonaldTrump.
And you lie about having them.. sooo yeah go back to murdering civilians.
So they even went all out and made a PowerPoint.. I'm impressed. this time what they are saying must be true. Not!
Hitler is talking now
So did Israel. They have had them since 1965, have they admitted it yet?
Israel has nuclear weapons and is a threat to world peace.  What is the remedy?
Not the only country in region that hides having nuclear weapons....

Totally, 100% fake quote.
Another Obummer failure  What a clusterfck
Yeah you're not exactly Rabbi Candour yourself mate
Netanyahu is an idiot criminal
Indeed
Israel, US have never lied about anything ever before!!!???? They're simply being honest now for a change about Iran!!!!
NO MORE WARS FOR ISRAEL.
Well he’s come a long way in his multimedia since this:
Sooo, all of this in in English? Yeah, because US media was there. And Bibi was really only talking to one very orange person. Truth.
Maybe, maybe not. 
The #CIA hasn't vetted this evidence yet. 
Why didn't the Isrealis share this evidence with France and Germany?
We already know that Netanyahu doesn't want the agreement.
Is he playing to @POTUS worst instincts?
Is Putin sitting back and laughing?
You betcha!
Let the war begin
Does Israel have nukes?
Duh!
I am confused. What about Israel's WMD? Middle East should be nuclear free for the sake of the whole world.
A habitual liar claiming Iran lied when the inspectors have confirmed Iran has not broken the deal... ok then 
Israel kills babies
In spite of what @netanyahu thinks, establishing a false predicate for war won't save his political butt.
Netanyahu lies like tRumpf

Why even report this? He doesn't have access the inspectors don't. It's irresponsible fear mongering.
And I lied about my age on tinder. So what? Get over it..
Israel, give up your nukes first before asking iran too.
What is this a fucking TED talk? What the hell is he doing?
He is giving the finger to every idiot involved in the iran deal

Intel Sources: #Iran still running a #secret #nuclear #weapons programme. 
What am i ushering in?
