Congratulations!!!
How many wars are you going to get us in?
Well you did see the photo of him and Netanyahu. Support for the next #FalseFlag. And he is only a few days in office. Sad choice

Oh man you guys really need some education. This is about Iran not NK
Because NK isn't working out to well for you is it?
You mean the job SK did? Please focus on the subject here it's not about NK, it's about Iran. I'm worried for a next Iraq2. And yes I love the outcome of NK. Let's hope BIBI doesn't start another war.
That F’ing hilarious!!!  SK has been trying for 60 years, multiple Presidents have failed.  Trump does it in one year and your praising SK... the same leader that says Trump EARNED the Nobel Peace Prize!?!??   Priceless!!!
Thank you for all that you do Mr. Pompeo.
Lol. You think his for everything he does. 
What he has done - nothing to help the American people

Snap!
Yes. Pompeo did meet with Kim Jong Un. The thing is that he didn't bring any White House or state department officials only intelligence officials. How is he helping the American people there?
Meeting with Kim goes long way to make sure that the Americans that are being held there wont come back in the same shape Otto did.
We can't give his or anyone else credit for this unless it is the leaders of the Koreas. They are the only ones who met for the peace. Plus, how are we even going to talk to the Koreas if we don't have our eyes or ears on the ground. We don't have our ambassador to South Korea.
CIA has been having back channel communications with NK for a while now. I agree it is a good idea to have more diplomats visit there and SK as soon as they are able to. NK will probably need quite a bit of humanitarian help also.
I'm betting you last longer than a Sean Spicer but less than a Tillerson.
So like a dozen Scaramuccis?

Pompeo already did more than Hillary Clinton/John Kerry EVER done, COMBINED!!
 
F O R   A M E R I C A

before he was

E V E R   S W O R N   I N ! !

It's called getting NoKo Kim Jung Un to the negotiation table. Maybe get our citizens back WALKING THIS TIME!! Unlike Kerry/Obama!!
If you call invasion the negotiating table. And has called for the invasion of both Iran AND North Korea so, lace up your boots.
Who called for an INVASION??

In Iran??

In North Korea??

Unless it's BREAKING NEWS that Trump has ORDERED AN INVASION INTO NoKo or Iran in the last several hours, I have a few questions for you, S.O.S.!!

1) What are your source??

2) What are you smoking??
Pot??
Meth??
Hash??
The world's finest diplomatic corps was decimated by your predecessor.  

As SoS you have an obligation to represent *all* American people, not just trump supporters.

Please remember that, and the fact that trump will inevitably fire and humiliate you.
He at least he won’t be out to make others “pay to play”, like previous SoS. *cough, *cough, *clinton.
Right now any foreign or domestic individual can purchase personal access to the president of the United States* by purchasing a membership to a golf resort.  

HRC's charity accepted donations and used them to do good.

#NoThereThere
lmao used them to do good....ask people in Haiti what good she did them
You're moving the goalposts.  

And a more sober assessment of the Clinton Foundation in Haiti discovers no wrongdoing, even though the Haiti recovery effort was by all measures a failure.
Of course they write good things about her. You think they want to die?
This radical view of the Clintons and the United States that you have is not helping anyone.

It's also a little nutty.

We get it, you love trump.  Knock yourself out.  But leave the crazy conspiracy theories out of it

Welcome to twitter! So happy to have you on the Trump team! 
He was on Twitter as a Congressman pushing conspiracy theories... but whatever
#LiberalLogic traitors #QArmy #Qanon awake

Anyone who promotes #QAnon instant block... they're mentally unstable and should not be allowed out in public
Yet you will ignore all of the Muslim countries because all you care about is the white rich male, like our president. You don't care about our citizens but only yourself. You don't represent us correctly. You don't have any experience with being a foreign diplomat!
So the visit to NK was what a vacation cody? apparently it is you who has no experience in say, anything.. dolt
North Korea is not a Muslim nation.
NK threatening to nuke us takes priority. Iran is next. Muslim countries will be safer because of Pompeo and Trump. Trust KANSAS! #QAnon
What is kansas?
Pompeo's nickname. His home state.
How do these folks not know about Kansas? How do they not know where the leaders of their country are from? It is astounding to me
It's called indoctrination & dumbing down our education system. Propaganda through fake news. Zero desire for truth or critical thinking. Zero desire for learning anything outside the echo chamber. Sad!
Welcome 2 Twitter @SecPompeo We are here to support @realDonaldTrump, you & every loyal member of the Trump Admin. 

I am confident that you will be able to fix Obamas Iran deal disaster, North Korea's disarmament & improve diplomatic ties with our allies.
Quit it with the “we”. You’re an individual, you should use “I”.
I can only speak for myself. I’m not part of any party, I don’t need a group hug 24/7.
2 Timothy 2:21
Therefore if anyone cleanses himself from the latter, he will be a #vessel for #honor, sanctified and useful for the Master, prepared for every good #work.
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusSaves  #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 8:15-16
By me #kings reign, And #rulers #decree #justice. By me #princes rule, and #nobles, All the #judges of the #earth.
Woot woot! #WeThePeople are glad to have you representing our interests!
God bless!
hooray! #wearethepeople   are truly lucky to have you around 
Matthew 10:22
And you will be hated by all for My name’s #sake. But he who #endures to the #end will be saved.
#Jesus our #Christ #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 24:21
My #son, #fear the #Lord and the #king; Do not associate with those given to #change;
Welcome!
Welcome Aboard the #TrumpTrain ~ here's to being Deplorable!! Congrats!! #LoveMyPresident #LoveMyCountry #MAGA
So refreshing to have someone competent in this position!!
Absolutely...
The people in this country & so many people around the world are so looking forward to Sec Pompeo's leadership...
No #Benghazi/s or farcical nuclear deals under this Sec of State!!
AMEN!!!!!!!
Congrats!! Well deserved Mr Pompeo, well deserved!! 
I see that you already have met your boss, unfortunately @RandPaul was right in the beginning:
“We do believe the Israelis have the right to defend themselves, and we’re fully supportive of that”  #MikePompeo  #StateDepartment…
Excellent question that’s being kept out of the media!!
Finally somebody who doesn't distract from the real question. Thanks
You're being played and fooled by Iran and NK. They both have fully functional missiles and nukes, loaded deep under mountains. Many secret sites. Sponsored by Russia and China. #NukeTagTeam #ThermonuclearBlackmail
You're being played by the Israeli Secret Intelligence Service (ISIS)
You mean mossad
Yes I believe he is talking about the most deadly army on the planet! #IsrealisGodsname
No I mean what I type here. You didn't get the clue I think. God's name is not Israel and there are false prophets. People who shoot without hesitation betray a commandment, like Israel does at the Palestinian border. Since when do we shoot without an arrest?
Welcome aboard!
We are so glad to have you!
Says Bailey with 8 random digits 
Block it.
Welcome Mike Pompeo to serve as American 70th Secretary of State...
Congratulations!!! So much work to be done!
#TrustKansas #MAGA 
Thank you Mr. Secretary. As a fellow retired veteran, thanks for all that you do!
Congrat so happy for you and We The People 
I am so happy you are our Secretary of State. You have already done an amazing job!  Thank you for taking this on.
Welcome Sir!
congratulations!
Thank you for your service to our country.
#MAGA
#WeThePeople
#GreatAwakening
As you go around the world please gather evidence to #LockHerUp

Trump America vs Obama legacy
Following you, thank you for doing a great job!
Welcome aboard sir. Do us all proud.
Welcome Sir!
We are thrilled to have you, Sir.   #MAGA
Welcome to #twitter
Great to have you aboard. You will do a super job, I'm sure. 
Congratulations Mike!!
Thank you for your service!  We look forward to your work and policy that always reflects #AmericaFirst and we #TrustKansas ! 
Congratulations on your new position and your return to Twitter. Will one of your priorities be to fill the dozens of open slots in the ambassadorial corps, including critical slots like Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Egypt, Turkey, and others?
Thank you sir for your selfless service to our great country!
Congratulations & thank you for your service @SecPompeo
Thank you for agreeing to serve the American Citizens along side @POTUS & the rest of his Cabinet! #MAGA
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!?!? 
The only way that is true is if you leave out the:

-Muslims
-Mexicans
-Females 
-Poor
-Blacks
-LGBT community 

He only represents the rich, white, Christian Male.
Deep corruption ---> Mike Pompeo’s wife is not an employee but yet uses staff resources at the CIA & has office space.

What’s her role there?

@CREWcrew have sent a FOIA request for her communications at the CIA.

https://www.citizensforethics.org/foia/foia-request-central-intelligence-agency-pompeo-communications/ … …
Mike Pompeo received more money from the Koch brothers than any other federal politician. The 11 Senators on the foreign relations committee who voted to confirm Pompeo as Secretary of State received a combined $705,415 from Koch Industries. 
https://www.opensecrets.org/news/2018/04/pompeo-confirmed/ … …
Glad to have you as our Secretary of State. 
Donald draining the Swamp of his OWN Cabinet Members- up next #Pompeo - you are so INCOMPETENT @realDonaldTrump
Triggered much?
The Honor is ours. Thank you for your commitment to put #AmericaFirst!
Congrats on your new position I, and many other conservatives, are so glad you’re there
hodor
Sir you’re a great patriot and are already doing amazing work. 

Your diplomatic mission to NK was stealth, legendary & will etch your name in history. 

Thank you for your service and for being someone we can count on to have our great President’s back! 

@realDonaldTrump
Just remember you represent all Americans
Sec. Pompeo DO NOT LET US DOWN!  We The PEOPLE who want our Republic Restored are depending on "Peace Thru Strength"  Be tough be strong be Patriotic and be true to your Oath to the U.S. Constitution and our @POTUS
Great news for Americans 
Your subordinateds are lucky to have you... listening to your speech to them today, it's very clear that you are the type of leader that people love to have as a boss!   And the country is lucky to have you as our SoS!  God Speed!
Congratulations Mr. Pompeo. Very happy to have you as our Secretary of State!
Thank you Mr Secretary.
The right man in the right position at the right time.
The world is changing, where his knowledge and experience will enrich the entire Western world.
All the best and good luck for the upcoming challenges.
Nice to have you live and center with #MAGA @SecPompeo 
Sadly, from what we saw at your Congressional confirmation hearing, you will be nothing but a puppet to the madman that is @realDonaldTrump.

You could be so much more.

But you won’t.

And for that, you are doing a tremendous disservice to our great country.

We are proud to have you as our SOS
Welcome. Now let's #MAGA
Pompeo has a long record of personal and professional anti-choice votes regarding reproductive rights issues. He cosponsored “personhood” legislation which would ban almost all forms of common contraception, stem-cell research, and in-vitro fertilization.
Oh shut up.
On behalf of pro-Israel Jewish Americans across this country, I want to personally THANK YOU for being such a great friend of Israel. PLEASE RIP UP THE IRAN DEAL and REIMPOSE THE SANCTIONS!! 
Netanyahu does not represent Israel. He represents the Israeli Secret Intelligence Service (ISIS)
Welcome & Congratulations Secretary of State Pompeo!!!
Thank you for taking your whirlwind trip the day you took the job.
We appreciate your work to bring Peace & Security to our nation 
& her allies.
Congratulations Mr.Pompeo on being called up for America's new Secretary of State. And welcome to twitter..Good luck with both adventures
 #MAGA
We love you Mike! Thank you for all you have already done and I know our future is bright with you as our Secretary of State!
If we can help you Mr. Pompeo, please let us know!!

Always American.
Welcome aboard!
Thank you for your service to our Country
God bless you in all you do for us. #GreatSecretaryOfState
do the world a favor - resign, you are part of a loathsome corrupt administration and ill-prepared for this task
How long is this guy going to last?

Hey my friend., I know, when the crap gets you down, get on a camel!
ارجو الترجمه انا لااعلم الا الخط العربي
Yup, unfortunately that is correct, I don’t know the Arabic yet. I stopped l arming it when I got behind in Diplomacy, now I need to start it up again.

I love your pictures and hope this time when I learn Arabic it sticks. My memory is working better now.

The sunset is pretty! I’ll play on the swing set with you!
Looking forward to all the good things Mr. Pompeo!
Just be normal, OK? Not a Trumpanzee, not a war hawk, not a peacenik. Just normal; intelligent, deliberative, willing to listen to all sides with an open mind, creativ......ahh, just kidding, we know you're in Trump's pocket and don't really care about the Americans you work for.

And you are the only person I can think of who can do it!  Thank you Sir!
This will end badly!

Lie, Cheat and Steal and you'll do just fine

Do us proud Sec. Pompeo!!! Go Kansas!
Restart is the only way to save the Iranian people.
Glad you talked with @HillaryClinton  to get her thoughts, most beneficial.
Don’t you dare think it is your calling to bring about Armageddon. You are NOT being called by God to destroy this world. You are not chosen by anyone besides a man intent on trying to make himself look good.
We’re grateful to have you. Thank you for all you do and for your service. God bless.
Congratulations on becoming the USA Secretary of State!! Really appreciate your service!
Better decorate the office quick, buddy. Might be over before you know it.
Welcome aboard...
Congratulations!!! You are awesome!
The honor is all yours
Congrats Sir... We trust "KANSAS" .......Keep up the great work!
Welcome!! Thank you for taking this position. 
I wish you much success in such a key position in the Administration.
Thank God for America First at the State Department.

It's about damn time!

Thanks for reminding me that everybody that supports law and order within the immigration system is a racist. I almost forgot.

How's troll pay nowadays?
Not sure QBot, you tell me. And it was more a reminder that this admin exists on a steady diet of jingoistic BS.
@SecPompeo is the smartest and most qualified Secretary of State in my lifetime. Please don’t sell out to the Globalists Secretary Pompeo! #AmericaFirst
Your gonna do great! Don’t let the snowflakes get to you
Like the s that ran away from a comedian telling jokes? Like those s???
Did he ask you for loyalty? Was there blood involved? Did it seem like something out of a movie? Because I remember somebody saying recently that it's almost like a ritual to all be together for the United States. Crazy right? Not the question the guy who must have said it #MAGA
Loyalty is paramount! Loyalty to God, Country, We The People, and #POTUS45 in that order! Nothing else matters. Congress is not included!
No war on Iran. We're not Israel's lapdogs.
But I heard you are a crook. Please resign!
The last one said the same thing and then pillaged State. Is that going to be your continued method of operation??  You’ve got a big job to keep us safe and regain respect worldwide while this buffoon Trump is in office. Good luck and don’t Schlapp this up!  @mschlapp @SenateGOP
Congratulations Mr Secretary Pompeo!
We SHALL SEE . I really Don't like You  . Keep In Mind  I Won't Allow You To Gaslight Us . BTW The War With Iran Thing ?  You Clowns  haven't stopped people in tents in 16yrs Let alone engaging a real military With ACTUAL Forces . Think Deep
Put on your Twitter armor because it can get rough from Resist lol
Ignore them. We’ve got your back
Welcome to TwitterWorld. It gets rough in here. Holler if you need help. #MAGA
的

then in the interest of the American people, get us the hell out of the middle east.  we know we're not there for humanitarian reasons but for the corporations.
Resign.
We are glad to have you on board Mr. Secretary!
So long as you keep the promises that you made to @RandPaul and not be a war hawk...I got you back sir
Trust Kansas
So grateful for your service and sacrifice!!! Thank you!!!
Delighted to see you on Twitter, look forward to your tweets!

#KeepAmericaGreat 
Thank you, Sir!!! 
ThanQ!
Thank you sir for your service to our country! You’re a great patriot!
#MAGA = no more unjust, illegal, immoral  military adventures and an end to @CIA hooliganism.

Peace and prosperity for the whole .
So happy you are here!  Thank you!
Please clean house as these clinton-nites just want to distroy President Trump at all costs. Support the President and the People. Expose the facts as The department has been corrupted for many years. We need more conservative values in the department.
Oh man, I'm so happy you are in this role. I trust you to do the right thing for Americans, and the World, to enable stability and world peace. Well done on Korea, you're a legend!
"I'm committed to putting the interests of the American people first"

So you're going to help us #ImpeachTrump? Awesome.
#NotMyPresident

So happy to finally have you in @POTUS Administration
There's a lot of work to be done!

Make sure you foba good job!
I'm thinking that means do a good job, right
Absolutely! X
Thank Q. How's Kansas? Drain that swamp!
Our Faith is in you!!  God Bless you and stay safe!!!
Welcome! #MAGA
Congratulations @SecPompeo !! We’re all rooting for you
Just remember, lot of "deep state" people in the DOS.   Best of luck to you Mr. Pompeo.
Welcome to Twitter, good luck now  hire some staff.
I've got your back #SecretaryPompeo Sir. #GoArmy !

Thank you for your service.
Thank You Sir !!  Lets Do This !
The swamp is deep in @StateDept , DRAIN THE SWAMP and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
We really appreciate Secretary Pompeo and believe you will be the best one!
Trust Kansas.
We're almost there, Dorothy ♡
#qanon 
#WitchHunt 
#MAGA2018 
Hugs from Austria, we witness!
Godspeed patriots.
Welcome to Twitter!  #WWG1WGA #QAnon #MAGA
Congrats, I hope that you will bring a positive change. Now it is time to develop good policies and strategies against the authoritarian regimes. It is unacceptable that sanguinary regimes in Cuba, Venezuela and Nicaragua remain in power
Welcome aboard in your new role Mr. Secretary.  We've got your back.
Tired of DEMOCRATS?
Lets vote them OUT
RETWEET if you had ENOUGH
Thank you for everything you’re doing to help our country and the world! @realDonaldTrump #QAnon
Congratulations Secretary Pompeo. Very happy you're our new Secretary of State. Expecting a beneficial working relationship with President Trump and good things for the USA.
You're off to one hell of a good start with the North/ South Korea treaty!! Keep up the great work and MAGA!!! KAG!!!
We do hope that you are keen to help remove the deep state and those who put the lives of Americans at risk. 

#obamagate 
#Comey 
#McCabe 
#McCain 
#ClintonCrimeFamily 
#Clapper 
#Brennan 
#wassermanschulz 
#awanbros 
#irandeal 
#Hezbollah
You lied about your survive in the Gulf War. #StolenValor.
Welcome Secretary Pompeo  #MASA
As we see our world is changing rapidly and it is wise to stay on the move so as to monitor closely such changing ..The world is ahead of you !! More power to your elbows .. Congratulations on your appointment as US 70th Secretary of State .. 
We're also grateful to @POTUS for bringing you on board the #TrumpTrain Thank you for your commitment and congratulations.  Now, let's get back our swagger!
#FreeAssange !!!!!!!!!! THIS is what the BASE wants!!!! @wikileaks @JulianAssange
Thank you Mr. Pompeo. America is proud to have you serve our needs.
#Winning!
Thank you! The #TrumpTrain is behind you! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !!!
Thank you for your service, sir
Thank you for your continued service to our great country
You lied on your very first tweet.
If you can 'clean up' State, retiring and reducing the tenured bureaucrats, that will be sufficient, everything else will be a bonus.
We're lucky to have you.  Good Luck
You are a horrible choice for this position and were nominated by a Traitor. #TrumpTowerTreason
Welcome to the Twitterverse! Thank you for your service to the USA!
Thank you for your service!
Congratulations on your appointment! Best of luck with your endeavors. Godspeed!
Congrats!
Welcome to Twitter, enjoy the good, the bad & the ugly!!!!! 
Thank you for your service to our country.  We have faith that you will do your job with honesty, integrity and loyalty to the American people.  

#QAnons
You going to rebuild the @StateDept?
Welcome to Twitter ,


Secretary Pompeo you have 62,000,000 Trump Supporters who have your back. We know the Washington DC swamp dwellers have adder you to their 24/7 attack list. Wear it like a Badge of Courage as a member of President's Trump Make America Great Again Leadership Team.
Thank you.
Finally a Secretary of State who has America’s  and the Presidents interest and agenda at heart!
Yes let’s hope it stays that way!
Go take care of your infant
Congratulations on your swearing-in, @SecPompeo!
Lying SOS! 
SOS = Sack of sh*t.
Without even reading the comments I can bet there's a lot of hate from the communist left.
Believe me, there is. To love to hate on a daily basis must be exhausting. They’re miserable people. Sad.

You are and will be proven to be complicit. #TrumpRussia
You will merely be * in history.
#maga Latinos Support President Trump...keep America Safe 

Iran needs Restart.
Thank you for your service to our great country. #MAGA
Congrats!!!!!
The true American Patriots are with you and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  #MAGA  #moab  #WeThePeople #Greatawakening #qanon #WWG1WGA #roseanne
Hope you’ll have time to clean house and straighten out the State Dept.  Thank you! All the best!
Congratulations, sir! I'm so proud that you are now the Secretary of State!
Conservatives are behind you 100 %   Secretary Pompeo. We’re looking forward to America taking its rightful place as a World Leader.   No more Apologizing for America
God-Speed Mike! MAGA!
