By reminding everyone of the well-known pre-Iran Deal history, Netanyahu inadvertently made the case for why the Iran Deal needs to stay in place. Without it, all the restrictions on Iran's program and the inspections regime that verify compliance go away. https://twitter.com/ArmsControlWonk/status/991108490356649984 …
He showed their;"intent".
The information is not new. Nor did he prove anything. It is for the UN to determine the evidence. The State of Israel has certainly proven the point that it should be forced to also be a signatory to the Nuclear non-proliferation Treaty.
But if he is so concerned send the IDF into Iran to duke it out...I doubt anyone else would object
You guys sound like a collection of Israeli tools.  Why would an American want Israel to be the predominant power in the Middle East? @CIA @FBI
What this is all about is that Bibi wants another 2 trillion dollar war at someone elses expensive and 4 or 5 thousand of another countries troops to die rather than Israeli...
And it's more likely to be 10 to 20 times that number...Iran has never been invaded in all recorded...
history. Geography makes it a walled fortress...Two terrible salt deserts, the Dasht i Kevir and Dasht i Lut can only be crossed on foot..Both deserts are a thin crust of salt covering salt marshes like quicksand.. a vehicle would crack through and sink 500 feet before it hit..
bottom...impassable marshes on the south west..Saddam learned what trying to cross them was like
...Steep mountains on the north and northwest...Not even Alexander the Great invaded...Most of the world does not believe Netanyahu...because the exact same documents are stored in..
a library in Tehran...these documents are antiques more valuable in a thrift store than a nuclear program...
The IAEA saw all these documents in 2011...I saw diagrams like the ones Netanyahu showed in the World Book Encyclopedia when I was a kid...in the early 1960s
Mr. Rhodes should stick to teaching 8th grade social studies.
Ride the narrative to the end even if you been proved so wrong so often but good try don't you have a failed t.v. scrip to write
No. Netanyahu's presentation proved nothing. All that was known by the IAEA. Netanyahu is lying when he claims the #IranDeal was premised on these things not being known. They already were known by the #IAEA as @ArmsControlWonk explains:
Let's go through Netanyahu's dog-and-pony show.  As you will see, everything he said was already known to the IAEA and published in IAEA GOV/2015/68 (2015). There is literally nothing new here and nothing that changes…
Um no rehashing old news like it’s a revelation is propaganda.  Dishonest. Wrong
Is this @netanyahu character the same one undergoing a number of corruption cases against him?
He didn't personally carry out the mission. The idea of it is stupid.
How can you have a ‘deal’ about anything with someone who lies to you??  Answer- you can not. It’s really that simple.
As important- #Iran lied repeatedly about their intentions- the entire deal was founded on lies, as was #Obama’s promotion of it- as #BenRhodes pointed out
It’s unreal how Rhodes etc might as well be on another planet.
Nice try...Yet no one addressed @ArmsControlWonk
EXACTLY @Gna2511. Netanyahu's presentation proved nothing. All that was known by the IAEA. Netanyahu is lying when he claims the #IranDeal was premised on these things not being known. They already were known by the #IAEA as @ArmsControlWonk explains:
Let's go through Netanyahu's dog-and-pony show.  As you will see, everything he said was already known to the IAEA and published in IAEA GOV/2015/68 (2015). There is literally nothing new here and nothing that changes…
What the Israeli info shows is how much more the US could've and should've pushed for a stronger and better deal.
Netanyahu made the case that the deal should have never been made and more sanctions should have been imposed instead of a deal.
The IAEA can’t even inspect military sites. How can they possibly do their jobs. This is a real charade and everyone, especially the Iranians know it.
Solid Gold Iran Deal, verified by the Iranians: the most honest, open  and trustworthy dictatorship in the world (with the possible exception  of North Korea).
Good to know Ben will go down with the ship- even if it’s the Titanic.
Amazing the land @brhodes lives in. Still delusional. Must think @BarackObama still president. (Small “p”)
Pipsqueak Ben Rhodes. Supporting the #Swamp #deepstate.
