Oh, he already dead. As is his entire family line.
Funny how Israel was able to find 100k pages of Iranian documents on #Iran’s nuclear program, but the FBI wasn’t able to find all of Hillary’s emails. 

I guess it comes down to how hard you are willing to work to find something in the name of justice. 
Remember Southwest's "Wanna Get Away?" ads?
There gonna be extra weight charge for those checked bags... Paper weights a lot..
I guess we know where the guy fired as head of DNC security landed a job

"I think I saw Sally with them. Damn, she occupied the photocopier the whole day."
They walked out with that much and nobody noticed? I've seen playgrounds with better security
Yeah, but back in 1999 bro. He left it on a desk in 1999

#OldNews
How do you say “d’oh” in Persian?

More likely, “How did those documents get out of here...and on what I am sure is an unrelated note when does Bob get back from that international vacation he just suddenly took?”
"Why do you ask Reza?  Hey, I'm headed out for falafel.....see you all later."
I think that guy is on a beach somewhere with millions in a Swiss account.
I think Netanyahu got them from Weiner's laptop.
Or: "Who was the last guy out of the secret warehouse?"
Negative, he is feigning outrage
and having his subordinate whipped.
The Mossad’s theft of all these docs out of Iran should have the Mullahs sleeping w/one eye open & looking under their beds before nighty night!
Hz so dead stoned
Iran needs some new document management systems, but they’re probably blocked by sanctions
Probably the same guy who brought the "facts" about the mass destruction weapons of Iraq to the US congress years ago.
Gee, wasn't Mike Morrell, darling of the Left, & current Intelligence Consultant for one of the USA's DNC televised daily propaganda program the same guy who 'sold us' on the WMDs in Iraq at that time?  I think it was. Morrell does make excellent Bologna, though.

Droll, so very droll...
*Thursday afternoon.
Bibi has zero credibility.
None so blind...
Haha
LOL!!
If they exist, how do we know they’re not a decade old?
Ben Rhodes
