Be there May 7th 6-8pmET! Go to http://BensonandHarf.com  for more info. and to listen live! 
Nope, we’ll be all over TV too, 
Sorry just can’t stand her.  Open to hearing alternative views, but she is arrogant and dismissive.
Oh no...I like Benson...enough said...
if I can't something nice about. Harf will
not say anything..
Won't be watching.... Can't stand the Obama barfer. #harfthebarf
Sorry Guy.  Annot watch or listen to anything barf is on
Really needs a new name. Sounds like mix between a buddy cops from Orlando and what my cat does.
You mean Henson and Barf?
No.....just no.

And I like and respect you tremendously...but ain't. gonna. happen.
This will down quicker than the Titanic.
I am a Fox fan. I'll check your show out .
Guy, you’re great but Harf is nothing but an Obamacare shill.
Barf for Harf.
Why is this new show not on TV?  Would be better than Hannity and Colmes.
Harf...the chick that said job creation in the Middle East will reduce terrorism.

Hard is Dimwitted!!
Wow!  LOVE this guy!
Haff im gonna puke
No... It would have been better with someone like Jessica Tarlov.
Even I can see that the left is going to abbreviate this "Barf."  You really should have named it something else.
Maybe when you team up with your next wife.
Show won't last just like the one with that skinny woman with too big of glasses
No to Marie
Nope. She is insufferable.
Oh boy! A couple of Trump haters that will bore you to tears. 
Won’t watch Harf.
Nope not interested
Guy why oh why?  Nope can’t take Harf.
Thus, in 2 weeks, it will be cancelled & forgotten.  Who can listen to barf Harf for more than one minute?  So many personalities, so many channels, so little time for crap Harf
I would but not with Marie!  Sorry I won’t tune in!
How does anyone obstruct justice over a crime that never happened???
Seriously, did you lose a bet 

Barf is unwatchable, no thank you.
What???
Why is @FoxNews trying to make Harf happen? This is going to flop. Benson is awesome, but this is a terrible move. #StopTryingToMakeHarfHappen
Guy is going to rue the day that he took the gig with that dolt.
I’ll give it a try. But, on a very short leash.  Harf is a completely biased partisan hack. It’s not clear how she has become a TV worthy spokes person for Fox, given her only experience is reading what someone else has written.
Would’ve liked too but I can’t endure Harf. Fox needs to re think her on air appearances.
Looking forward to your program.
Harf's DeepState...no good!!
Sorry Guy.  I’m not buying this garbage.  Anything with Harf can’t be worth a sh@#.
No thanks!  If it’s just you for half of it, I’ll watch, but #MarieHarf makes me ill!
Good luck, Guy, just have a Plan B.
No thanks, only fox would push a liberal like harf on their base. Msnbc would never do this.
Barf
You go Guy!!!!
Guy bensons ok Marie can’t stand her
I would listen to Guy's show.....I wouldn't waste my time listening Harf......Harf is a worthless Dem/Lib....AWFUL!!!!!
Ugh, no... just thinking of it, I could harf....
Guy I am disappointed that you would give legitimacy to that Trump hater and know-it-all liar!
Love you Guy, but I do not watch or listen to Marie "let's give ISIS jobs" Harf.
You guys gonna put that liar on the radio????? Maybe you could get John Kirby to join them and call it a comedy show
until @guypbenson marries Marie Hart 
Change the logo!  All I see is "BARF"
Get a total of 5 people listening with her she’s with the resistance  Marie barf
You, yes. Her, no.
Harf is a liar.  It's been proven now.  Why is she even still on Fox?
She is still there because she doesn’t mind getting run over by the steamroller of truth
harf how you liking that iran deal you brag about now ?? you should be ashamed and hide under a desk.  you've been exposed. admit it you had no idea what you were doing. all those billions wasted, that could have helped americans.
Nope!
Sorry Guy, this is one show I will never ever listen to as long as you have that Partisan Lying Hack Harf on.  No thanks, You and Lisa Boothe or Katie Pavlich, now that I would listen to.
Barf maybe
Yep, that’s how long you’ll last with Harf.

I turn the channel on Shep with no problem (@FoxNews) so not tuning in to Harf will be a piece of cake. Looks like I’m not the only one either. Please take note @foxnewsradio

I fit your demo but you missed my mark on this one.
Thank you, no. I have had enough of the Obama tripe!
Really Benson I’d love to see you but I can’t stand Harf, and my DVR won’t record just your commentary.
Gross.  no thank you.
When will you be on the @tomshillueshow?  
Gotta get on your lead in show soon & get @tomshillue to spread the word!

Harf barf.
Good luck with the new show. We all should be more open to listening to others POVs. Sad to see so much negativity in the comments re: Marie Harf
She’s on FOX all the time. We hear her.
simply commenting on all the negativity...IMO its a bit much
Would love to watch u Ben but I don’t think I can hang for long w/Harp
Do you really think people want to watch Barf... she is a hired bully and has zero fresh ideas, her time was 10 years ago... another failure.
Should be Bongino
You're gonna need a fire extinguisher to put out fire as this stinker goes down in flames. LOL Barf is toxic.
No thanks, love ya Guy, can’t stand Marie Harf.
Oh good maybe you’ll have Luke R. On to cover the Awan Brothers & Family Espionage trial .
Sorry, everytime i see her face i am reminded of all the obama lies!
Might be my loss but just can’t stomach harf .
Big mistake, Guy. Think you are underestimating how disliked Harf is.
Sorry, No Harf for me!
I will not be watching, Fox you are losing I find myself tuning in to OANN every time you put these liberal liars on. It Is bad enough when she is on outnumbered now her own show TOO MUCH Guy you are to hood to b on with this person
Nope.
Sorry, but I can’t watch Harf.  If I wanted liberal preaching I’d watch CNN and I don’t.
Should be called Benson and Barf, as all you can get out of Harf are DNC talking points. Liberals are in lockstep.
Definitely NOT a show I’ll watch!  Marie Harf is disgusting and rude. I watch every @FoxNews programming except for when she’s on!  She’s disgusting and I’m very disappointed in Fox for giving her any type of platform!
Sorry, no can do. Evidently Fox doesn’t pay attention to its viewers.
Guy, I think Fox News is trying to end your career by pairing you with this leftist nut. Can’t bring myself to watch.
That would be a big NO, HELL NO.
I can tolerate hearing from both sides but, Harf?!  She not only has an annoying voice but that smart a$$ grin she wears whenever a conservative speaks shows just how classless and intolerant she is. Not watching....
Please ask Marie to say one good thing about Trump's policies, and one bad about Obama's.
Enjoy Guy however can’t listen to Marie spew her liberal talking points. Congratulations and good luck with the new gig.
Congrats to you and Harf!!!
Nice.
Good luck!
Guy you are one of the best out there put won’t be able to watch till guest host on for your partner
With so many other libs with a least half a brain, why giggles Harf?
Harf....Barf....
Love Benson. Hate Harf. She is a vile lying Obama swamp creature. Hope this job will keep her off other fox shows so I can quit changing channels.
Please tell (B)/(H)arf to keep regular appts with her hair dresser. The dark roots remind me of the “100$’s in a trailer park will get you”
Harf??sorry won’t be tuning in
I would watch you every day......but Harf?  Her inane comments are more than I can take.
I am hoping the studio is not draped in @NorthwesternU purple, but have a great run up week.
Harf seems like a fine person. She is liberal so I don’t agree with much of what she says but I’ll check out the show.
Absolutely NO to Marie.  I change the channel whenever she comes on.
She was not a good pic.  I won't be watching.
You are great....listening to her is like hearing nails on a chalkboard...
Can’t wait!
Or as they are affectionately called #barf. I kid...im excited to hear the show
Wow. You might as well call it “Harlem Globetrotters / Washington Generals”.
that show wont end well.  shame as ur a talent....shes a hack....cant succeed.
Giving an Obama-era leftist hack her own show is FNC's latest effort to move further left.
Guy you have your hands full-brush up on liberal talking points
The only person worse than Harf that you could team up with is Juan Williams but doesn't fit your age demographic. Good luck, the Dem shill will be like a heavy fog on any hope you have of success. You helped kill the Specialist so, though I like you, I am not hopeful of success.
Isn’t Harf the one who thinks ISIS only cuts people’s heads off because they can’t get jobs?
I thought it was because of environmental change...
Ah, no thanks.  However, if you ever get your own show, or a different co-host, let me know.
No thank you! Not a Harf fan!
Hard is a dem that’s biased and unable to see the truth. Never watch her show!
Sorry! Can’t watch Harf.
Congratulations!  I’ll definitely check it out.
Too bad you didn’t find a better partner. Not many people could turn us away from you, Harf is one of two.
I love you and I hate that I love Marie 
Sorry Benson is great Harf? I’ll pass
Good luck! No doubt it will be a success.
Seems like most here have stated what I wanted to say....  “ love you, Guy!  But Marie... NOPE!”  Horrific.  I wish you much success, Guy.  But this project of yours I will not be consuming/participating in.
What does Fox see in Marie Harf? Sorry Guy, no can do.
Would watch “fair and balanced” Mr Benson, but won’t waste my time watching delusional DNC mouthpiece Ms Harf!
Nope
Although you see a never Trumper you are a straight shooter your new side kick isn't honest or fair. All she does is make excuses for Obama. Good luck with new show.
Why? Start planning for next gig right now.
Ummmm, that’s a no.
MUCH better for us than Benson & Hedges!
I like ya both so this is a win.
Benson and Barf?  Lol.  I'm snarking.  Low threshold for her opinions.
p.s. Wish you well, nonetheless.
Nope. Never. Hateful, arrogant, Smug Democratic operative Marie Harf is a non-starter for me. Marie Harf can go carry the liberal Dems' water someplace else other than my radio or laptop. I will NOT listen in. She pound sand as far as I'm concerned.
She still hasn't left her previous job.... shilling for the Obama administration
Also known as Democrat & RINO.
Marie Harf is one smart cookie. So I have to ask how hard she worked to keep from retching while she spewed Hillary's lies from the State Department podium. If she wasn't sickened by the utter EVIL that permeated Clinton's reign, was she complicit?

Inquiring minds want to know.
never will give Harf even a quick look. Her voice is groce and her politics worse.
I’d watch you, but her?? No thanks!
Love LOVE you ..but no to #Harf ..sorry
You are kidding. Can’t watch Harf!!!
Ugh Marie Harf. Can't listen to her she's so annoying and continues to lie about the Obama administration.
Might want to look at the word placement/font - my eyes see BARF immediately when I look at it (not snarking, I’m trying to help)
Love Guy but can’t watch Marie.  Not against hearing the other side but Marie is too difficult to stomach.
Agree - same with 'vocal fry' JessicaTarlov.  I might use it to practice 'tolerance and patience'.  :)
I like Jessica Tarlov, I just don’t agree with her.  I don’t like Marie Harf and I don’t agree with her.  Marie Harf lies and lets her feelings get in front of facts.
I see. I've listened to Tarlov on TomShillueShow enough to dislike her dishonesty and feeling-driven notions. 
Funny how all this works. I *try* to use conflict as a challenge/growing experience for me.  Also sharpens critical thinking skills. :)
Yea, I got it.  Facts matter. Something missing from liberals.  They are so frustrating to have a dialogue with.
Yep. The Left quickly devolves into personal attacks and thoroughly enjoys using skewed studies and revisionist history/facts in order to appear 'rational'.  Oye.
What’s the perfect wine while listening?
Wine?  RexGoliath CabSav
Whine?  "OMG, Harf again??"
Be sure to cover that stellar Iran deal.
