In the old days he would have been told to be considerate because others are playing...and "it's not all about you." #ActLikeYouHaveBeenThere
Yeah, we see what kind of pickle the old days left us in. How about you just enjoy a 3 year old giving us a good laugh? #DontActLikeYourGenerationWasntFuckedUp
He’s probably auditioning for a role in “Chariots of Fire”
Lol. Now the song is stuck in my head
I love children. They are magic on two legs to me. 
I can no longer say I’m bored watching baseball because it‘s too slow moving; it took a 3-year-old to show me that it just wasn’t slow enough.
Naw bish, I’m trynna do it like they do in the movies  LET ME HAVE MY MOMENT AND STEP OFF dad.
That kid has seen way too many slow-mo instant replays.
Everybody was rooting for Lennox, but cmon let's give a hand
for #4 for being PATIENT.
This kid is going places!
...very slowly... but going nonetheless!
When someone tells me to hurry up.
He's showing up the opposing team. If I had been the opposing coach, I'd have the pitcher bean him next time he comes up. Play the game the right way. Never too early to learn. 

** I'm just kidding. That's adorable. He's doing his own slo-mo. 
He's 3 haha so many people are saying this isn't funny and he needs to be taught a lesson.  Guy said coaching fail....I tired to explain he's just a child. No idea he was 3.  This makes them seem even more ridiculous.....
I coached my son's 4 year old baseball team. They were all ridiculous, cute, frustrating and completely clueless. They have no idea what's going on at that age. It's all cosplay before age 6 or so. Lighten up, people.
Yeah this guy was trying to say that because this kid got away with it now he will remember and it will cause problems down the road haha ....I mean how can air escape from your ass when it's sewn completely shut...?

Bench the kid! Joke he’s 3! What do you expect. That’s awfully little to play organized sports.
Too funny!!  :D  He’ll be an actor when he grows up!!
Priceless 
Three year olds playing baseball. 'Nuff said
This kid is going to be so much fun when he starts school...whoever his teacher is, she needs “combat” pay.
She’s not making enough....
Haha! The slo-mo kid 
Okay...replacement Daily Chuckle.. 
No better time to act like a three year old than when you’re three years old!
I was just going to tweet this to you as Today’s Chuckle:)))
You won by two seconds,Josh...almost a tie:)) 
@Paul_Biasco
Professional slow motion
Hahaha adorable
Hysterical!!! What a monumental slow-mo “Chariots of Fire” moment! Genius child!!!
@fsanabria78 @East_L_Ace @JustinUrbas
I'm sorry, I don't get it

This just made my morning 
Flash would be so jealous....
This is just to cute! So glad that they all let him do his thing and just enjoy!!
Slo-mo :)

I remember “The six million dollar Man” the TV serie.
Kids got style
LOL he was SAAAFE!
This made my morning!! 
 he wanted his own slow-mo instant replay 
Kids are AWESOME..!!!   a good woman will change a man, & he will never be the same after children.  Reading the news never used to nearly bring me to tears.  Cherish your kids..!!!  Too many today don’t.!!!
Walk to the beat of your own drum kid
I didn't see this comin. I thought he was literally going to run home
This is one of the cutest things I have ever seen!!!! Would love to watch him in person.
Might need to set aside a few hours if you do
Oh snap
RUN HOME: 3-year-old Lennox Salcedo was told to “run home as fast as he can” during a baseball game. He delivered the performance of a lifetime. https://abcn.ws/2JF6Oyd  
The reason it’s too young to give a kid a uniform. #getoffmylawn Cute but he’d be out!  
Yeah...but he had soooo much fun.
Where I come from, that’s show boating and the next batter would have gotten a fast ball high and tight!  @EdwardGillett @marmarmay
And then he “slid” after all that!There’s no throw at the plate baby-you good!
I love how he brushes off the adult “Fuck outta here old man!” 
Nice knowing you kid by not listening your coach you be riding the bench
I, as a full grown man, would aim for the head the next time that kids up to bat.
Wtf?
Its the unwritten rules of baseball.
what are you serious? Hes a child. How but after the game(since there is nothing really to gain or lose ) someone sits him down and teaches him about respecting others, instead of potentially severely injuring him.
He’s a troll.

Slow-motion at its best.
He didn't like the coach rushing his moment along
We have to think like a 3 year old.
So wonderful. He did it his way
So funny. I like his reaction to the coach trying to help him move faster. It's like he's saying, "please let me enjoy this one moment in time."
Savor the moment... By turning it into several moments.
This is exactly how children should behave when playing a game. They are children and should PLAY. Rules and scores should come much much later
The ham is strong in this one. I foresee a future on stage! 
Filed under: too precious
Hilarious!!
An All Star in the making,lol.Thank you for sharing this.
But that’s how fast you can run on the moon
Thanks for the laugh!
Thank you. That was to funny
Such drama!
This is so cute.
He just summed up the game in a minute lol
I love it 
Cute
It’s all in the technic..
Great Form.
Lol.
That’s his 15 minutes of fame!
Too cute !!!!! Absolutely adorable
Too cute!!!!!!
The Six Million Dollar Kid. He runs so fast the video has to be slowed down so us normal people can see him.
How cute is that
He is very cute!!

Nailed it!!
This is the tenth time ive liked this vid. I will continue to like it everytime.
Cute, but also a little brattiness to it, no?
yeah the kid should go to jail
 I'm dying!
Say it ain't so, Grandma!
That's if this presidency doesn't't kill me first
This kid will have a Hollywood Star.

@jackiemelbs
He must be a fan of Six Million Dollar Man.
So cute
Too Cute!!!
When i say I HOLLERED!!!!  LOL!!!!  He was doing the home run in Sloooooooooooooooooooow moooooooooooooooootiooooooooon.  He did his thang!  I'm celebrating with you sweetie!!
@redturn2 do you think you can get away with this ??? Lol after hitting a grandslam ? Lol
 He was running in slow motion!

He probably saw a game on t v in slow motion

Being of defiance syndrome. Told to run as fast as he can, does the exact oposite, and knows it.
Precious
I want to look him up in about 20 years and see how he turned out.
Love this
, the slow motion run and the epic slide, priceless.
Jajajajajajaj
This is way too cute
@KayleeNicole44
 @Frankglynn4 totally Harry 
Precious
Hahaha! Someone knows how highlight reels and instant replay works!
It sure put him in the news. Tell me that ain't genius.
Hilarious .. I recall my son playing at that age and once he got a hit he ran fast to first base and kept straight like he was running out the park and forgot to round the bases . Just kids being kids .
Hilarious!
Just had a belly laugh in the bathroom behind closed doors! Best clip ever!
How sweet
So darn adorable! Kid teach us to stay magically in the moment!
I woulda beat his ass if that was my kid.!! Wasting all that time

RUN HOME: 3-year-old Lennox Salcedo was told to “run home as fast as he can” during a baseball game. He delivered the performance of a lifetime. https://abcn.ws/2JF6Oyd  
Am crying here! This is the best thing I have watched in quite a while. Look out world he is going to run it all someday. high fives little man!
@leighvargo this is what I was talking about last night 
Lol good game
Working on his form
Inspired by The Flash from Justice League movie. Running in slow motion with fast looking background.
This is great,what a personality! I almost hurt myself laughing! Thank you for sharing!
Don't Tell Me To Run Fast.Because I Hit A http://GrandSlam.So  I Running In Slow Motion. Good Sir.And Don't You Put Your Hands On Me.Because I'll Get There When I Do.
It was opposite day.
@sarah7anthony
@AFeagle2
@KateHemmings4
Can Yall say "HAM"!!
@elTroy316 
My just got a lot better
Just retweeted! This is the best tweet I’ve seen today.
Sooo Cute!!!
Funny!
And that’s how you stretch out your 15 minutes of fame.
Tears from lol so hard. A precision robot stroll to home plate. 
When my mum was a teacher another teacher had a heart attack. He told one of the kids to run and get an ambulance. So he did, to the hospital, about 4kms away. Sorry, 2 or so miles.
How I imagine Trump brain is working
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. He is a good. He did what he knew best  did it well. What a show indeed!!!!
He's out
I wonder what the little guy standing at home plate is thinking. (Feel free to fill in the blanks). So funny
That's too Cute 
Hilarious.
Queue the "Six Million Dollar Man" SloMo music/sound effect!
too fast to reach his home
Don’t touch me! Love it, you go Lennox.
I thought the video was being played in slow motion, then I turned the sound on... I like this kid
太可爱了，同手同脚
Too funny, must be entered in a home video contest!
Moonwalker keep up the good work
To cute
Reminds me of this 
really so lovely
Slow down man your legs wont be ABLE to keep up
I just love this video!!

Until the ahole adult ruins it. WTG kid!
 that kid is awesome
Too cute!
Totally throw at him next trip to the plate. A little head high heat should speed the little bastard up.

So cute 

Great lesson... #enjoythejourney
Slo mo!
Never too soon to crush a showboat. Imagine the speed of his tantrum if he was called out
Trained crisis actor
I can't get over the fact that a 3 year was playing baseball, wearing a uniform, with coaches. When did that start?
3 MILLION DOLLAR MAN

This is just adorable.
I've been showing people this all day. He's so adorable especially how he went for home plate 
He was running so fast, everything around him slowed down.


@MandiWright12  
@morbidthought4u I'm laughing so hard
Its was shown on the news tii
That so cute
You be you Lennox!! 
Hahhahahhaha !!!

He's still faster than I am.
Too funny!
I like how the guy comes over to try and move him along and the little devil pushes him away! He's saying "Butt out... I'm doing this MY WAY!"
Let kids be kids.  LOL
Only cute to parents....
He's adorable! He's only three years old, so relax with the disciplining. He's got plenty of time to learn stuff. Meanwhile, we could learn about being patient & giving others the benefit of the doubt. Maybe he just wanted to cheer everyone up by making them laugh!
@BarwhsB So young yet knows drama, remarkable. He knew all about slow motion. I just love this video. I hope dad makes more.
OMG the cutest! 
This is too cute!
BOO! THAT! KID!
Way too cute
Now this is the type of news that is healthy! Thanks.


Is it me or toddlers just assholes?
Just do yr thing!
...MSM is grooming, coddling, and enabling American children to become narcissistic @instagram snowflakes 

...it’s no wonder Russian bots won our election

 #RIPjournalism
Very Sweet Indeed !!!!!!
This is soooooooo cute! I am dying of laughter!
 Priceless....
This baby warms my heart
His nick name is Slow Moe
The ending! 
Cuteness!!!!!
