So soon there will be US, French and German leaks on this tranche of intel, too. https://twitter.com/thegoodisis/status/991053576876126208 …
Not to discredit the amazing intelligence operation by Israel (truly remarkable) but even as a Trump supporter I am not shocked that Iran had a nuclear weapons program. I doubt President Trump is either. Am I missing something?
Nobody is. Point is that for PR purposes, Obama admin, with help of Ben Rhodes & MSM, shoved what the world knew was a bogus Deal down everyone's throat such that leaders refused to criticise brutal Iran even despite their recent antics! This exposes Obama more than it does Iran.
Ah I see, so it's more about telling the ex Obama officials to shut up and showing them the proof that they are liars than it is about Iran? I get it now. I quit listening to anything they said about foreign policy awhile ago lol. Thanks!
Yes but it's bigger. It exposes the entire Obama machine. Like the media which is hypercritical of Trump to this day continues to crusade for this Deal that anyone with 2 brain cells can tell is a sham. Even to the point of being silent during the recent Iran uprisings.
AND almost all of Europe does the same thing! Meanwhile regular folk are asking "How are they not seeing it?!"  Ben Rhodes bragged about bullying people into compliance on this. Jake Tapper blocked me for pointing it out (see the tweet in my header)...
This sham deal was known to EVERYONE to be such but everyone was supposed to smile and not point it out. Those who did were destroyed. Point is there is a globalist agenda being advanced and Obama was especially bold in silencing those who tried to thwart it. Utterly Orwellian...
It is SHOCKING that the media and the whole world went along with what all could see was a sham. That is the salient point here. Netanyahu, on the surface, was exposing the Iranians, but really he was indicting the Leftist-Orwellian agenda that's has been taking over the world...
Netanyahu made it so that the Deal can NO LONGER BE DEFENDED. Yet, just pay attention in the coming days to who continues to do so. Start with John Harwood's ridiculous tweet...Also pay particular attention to Obama admin members' comments or more likely their deafening silence
Or maybe Bush Admin officials. The report is from 2003. You are a stooge.
My question is when you became a hack? My guess is around June 2016.
You're assuming the Obama folks cared at all what Iran did, had, or anything. The push to pass the Iran deal was about legacy, not facts.

Willful blindness has kept them in the dark. They will try to dismiss but eventually fail.
Isn’t Netanyahu under investigation himself?  Should we be taking his word for anything?
The Obama officials I've seen have said that the information that Israel's Prime Minister shared today was already known and had been known for some time.
...but they signed the deal anyway.
This is the response from Evelyn Farkas, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia/Ukraine/Eurasia under President Obama. I'm curious what you would have done to stop their nuclear program.
Yes, he told us what we already knew.  Iran was running a nuclear program before we got them to freeze it in 2016.  @NBCNews @NBCNightlyNews @Morning_Joe @morningmika @JoeNBC @JesseRodriguez @HardballChris https://twitter.com/djrothkopf/status/991102204370194433 …
Deal proponents think that the world didnt exist pre-JCPOA. It’s as if this deal didn’t get put in place just 2 years ago. I would have maintained the sanctions regime that had been carefully built since the mid-90s and force Iran to make a proper deal lest their economy collapse
I can't speak to Evelyn's views or any proponent of the JCPOA. And thank you for your opinion on this! 1/
One issue all of us needs to deal with is, if the JCPOA was so bad, why did DNI Coats testify under oath in February 2018 that Iran was currently complying with nuclear deal and why did Director Pompeo also say that at his confirmation hearing for Secretary of State? end/
That’s precisely it: The reason that Iran is complying is BECAUSE IT’S A TERRIBLE DEAL. All Iran needs to do to maintain its nuclear capabilities is stick to the deal’s provisions. They literally kept a warehouse full of research available for when the deal sunsets.
If, as you say, Iran is "complying [with the deal] ... BECAUSE IT'S A TERRIBLE DEAL," then why is the White House Press Secretary, on behalf of the President of the United States, announcing, in effect, that they are NOT complying with the deal?
Obama officials are not in the dark about anything! They are criminal seditionists! 
Fins the bogeyman!! Say it. Say it. HIllary
All of the above
Why not denuclearize the Middle Eastern & South Asian nations of Israel, Iran, Pakistan, & India?
If Obama officials are or do any of those things, that only serves to reveal how out of touch with reality they were at the time and remain to this very day. The Iran Deal, Obama's signature foreign policy accomplishment, was a bad joke to begin with.
Too bad they won't be telling us much until Trump is out of office and Congress is cleansed, because *other* countries like to keep secrets secret.
I'm sure Obama didn't know anything about it until he saw it on TV, just like everything during his Presidency.
Really Hugh, do you not know where Obama’s people are going with this revelation.
Has Kim flipped on the Iranian nuclear program?
Surprise! Somebody caught you!
So far seems to be option C.
Obama wanted to check box, whether Cuba or Iran.
You can’t possibly be serious?
There are two issues. That Iran had a nuke program was known, that’s why the deal was struck. That Iran carefully achieved their research and laid out plans to fill missing pieces should be much more worrisome.
Or perhaps this information can be verified as actually new?
Its s very big deal.
Always deflecting Hugh
All of the above and that's the truth
sure would be nice if the main stream media asked those questions (they wont)
