Bet you Pruitt sent it to himself
He is the suspicious package.
Is it an ethics book by chance?
Probably a box of strongly enforced regulations with our planet's future in mind.

Can't have those around.
Controlled demolition in order.
The package is science.
Oh someone better jump in that soundproof phone booth
Bet it contains a Waterford Crystal pencil holder for Pruitt’s office
Is it a tree?
It's Pruitt's new paper shredder.
Hazmat? At the EPA? I thought nothing was hazardous now.
Is it tap water front Flint, MI?
Pretty sure it's not clean air.
Is it a package of science?  Is that why they’re suspicious?
The sender's label just says Prott Scuitt from Terroristan
It's interesting how suddenly they are concerned about hazardous materials exposure
Oh god, now he's going to have to make his sound proof booth bomb proof.
Dr Ronny, please put him on meds! He's costing the country too much  with his paranoia
Is today the due date for Pruitt's justification for his massive security detail, perhaps?
A box of tolerance from the left?
Nah it's probably 1 litre sample bottles from that river they destroyed off of that ol' silver mine or whatever
Old debts, I guess.
It must be a scientific report on man made global warming.
It's just a box with books in it called "Why Climate Change is Real and Caused by Humans"

It's only "suspicious" if you're the head of the EPA or a political appointee at the agency.
It's probably a coach ticket with Pruitt's name on it.
With all that extra security, special biometric locks, bulletproof weapons and vests and a soundproof phone booth, someone managed to leave a "suspicious package" in @EPAScottPruitt headquarters?  Please. give. me. a. break.!  
A plant to justify all the taxpayer $$ he spends
Is it from Amazon?
Acid rain in a water bottle?
Just toss it in the soundproof room with all of the other suspicious activity at the EPA.
Better double up private security.
This is like the definition of irony.
Its a suspicious looking Encyclopedia
Guaranteed a terrorist leftist perp, probably another "progressive" Bernie Bro. As proven by the comments here, the rest of these scum approve of killing political rivals.
@EPAScottPruitt will need a special booth installed for that!
Pruitt will use this excuse to relocate the agency to Tulsa, OK.
It’s a data set.
A bundle of Cash
@yashar 
Let me guess:  @EPAScottPruitt sent it to himself.
Scott Pruitt mailed it to himself to prove he's getting threats.
Can you confirm which building? Four buildings make up the HQ
ALL of this distraction.
It’s a set up to support Pruitt’s paranoia and false need for current and additional security.
Pruitt is now going to suggest a new White House be built to protect him.
Amazon delivery?  Pruitts soul?
He has no soul, so it can’t be that.
I wonder if that drama by Pruitt to show that there’s indeed danger enough to justify his 1st class travel.
*thats
Is it one of those @Cologuard turd boxes?
Corruption leads to paranoia
It's probably a scientific study. They don't see much of those anymore.
The irony
Pruitt must have taken a crap
Is he hiding in his phone booth?
For Pruitt, do not open till Xmas
It’s just a little drinking water from Flint. They should be just fine.
Maybe #ScottPruitt got a new siren. 
#PayTheSwamp
Is it Scott Pruitt wrapped in brown paper?
Probably another $45k soundproof booth that no one wants to fess up to ordering.
Pruitt probably staged this to justify his paranoia spending.
Is it full of clean soil and uncontaminated water? Because they seem greatly threatened by those things these days. #EPA
Pruitt ordered an AR-15 from Amazon. For his protection.
This thread has me rolling,  you guys are awesome 
Hope Pruitt is safe in first class
Im sure it’s $10,000 door knobs or something similar to that
Umm, hmm. CHAOS. EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.
Not the Horse Poop guy again....
Aha! Justification for all that high (priced) security...did anyone check for a return address? 
Probably scientific evidence of climate change. Spooky!!
The violent Left.
The pathetic bot
Is this to prove he needs a safe hiding spot behind the bulletproof desks?
It’s probably Pruitt’s lunch
Just another unhinged liberal lunatic show us once again that “love trumps hate” and that trump is the dangerous one
Wow. Incredible that you already know who to blame it in. Seems suspicious that you are sure about this.
Let Pruitt open it. He doesn't mind poisonous gas.
Pruitt farted while trapped in his secure room, panicked & can’t get out
It is probably organic produce.
A science book?
Maybe it's coal ash soaked with Round-Up.
It is just Pruitts spine
It's probably just a box of climate change data waiting to be shredded for Trump's military parade confetti.
Just coke and money
Is it an outline of checks and balances? Because I’d assume that’s pretty suspicious around the EPA!
Turns out it was just the bag full of cash dropped off for Scott Pruitt.
Goddamn, settle down Pruitt
Is it shit? It’s usually shit in a box.
Pruitt trying to justify his security detail
Do not tell Pruitt...
Is it a middle school Science textbook?
The tolerant ones strike again. 
Don't worry folks... Just a misplaced UberEATS  delivery...
It’s probably coal slurry from the repealing of all of those clear water reg reversals.
I hope it's a bottle of water from Flint.
Maybe it’s a box of work. That would be suspicious for this EPA since they don’t.
@EPAScottPruitt Is it an extra plug for the swamp drain - you know just in case?
A box of clean air?
How many people can Pruitt squeeze into his phone booth?
Is it a cost-benefit analysis?
lol remember the office episode when todd packer pooped in michael’s office
It is a living plant? @EPA @EPAScottPruitt will have it destroyed right away.
its time to clean up the agency - Pruitt must have some papers there he doesn't want anyone to see
Is it water filters?
Because leftist environmentalists are the most insane
It's probably a box of science, ethics, and morality.  They just don't recognize it.
It's probably a solid gold phone for Pruitt to use in his sound proof phone booth
Somebody tell Pruitt to knock it off.
But wait, with restrictions lifted does that mean it’s fake hazardous?
And #Pruitt is in the soundproof booth! #EPA
Jesus christ its probably just a box shit for pruitt
I suspect it's a case of wine being delivered to Pruitt
@klunney
Gosh. Pruitt will use this as justification to fly private jets now 
It’s probably just an accessory to the phone booth.
It's just a box of cash and a thank you note from his friends at the Deregulation PAC.
Is Pruitt locked in his phone booth?ok where IS the evil SOB?
Get to the Secret Phone booth!!
so Pruitt's storm trooper security force is justified then??
It’s probably just harmless stuff like arsenic and coal ash.
Holy crap ! Now Pruitt would want the whole building bulletproof.
That just proved how important the EPA head needs of so much security details around the clock, rush thru traffic and private jets... Just one of the " best people" we could get in Feds!
Wait! They have lock downs for science book deliveries now?
Hymie is on it, Chief!
Well if Pruitt is in their .. maybe his sound proof booth also works in another capacity
Put it in the phone booth
It’s a box of catalytic Converters
Pruitt leaving unclaimed bags of cash lying around again? 
That’s just Scott Pruitt without the skin bag
It's the phone booth he ordered DUH!!
So...what happened to this?
@EPAScottPruitt 
Called in a fake threat to justify his "security"
Maybe it was some of the water from the river obama turned orange
Probably documents proving science that pruitt wants destroyed.
Maybe they have Scott Pruitt tied up inside the box?
Did Pruitt send it to himself to prove he needs extra security?
An envelope with economy-class airline tickets for #ScottPruitt were deemed suspicious. #notsomethinghewouldorder
A new phone booth?
special delivery for Pruitt? better scan it for illicit cash b4 they blow it up.
regardless, we should NEVER WISH harm on ANYONE (May 1, 2018; 11:31 EDT) #HUMANITY #HUMANS
"@AXIOS & @REALDONALDTRUMP MADE FOR EACH OTHER": THE NEW REPUBLIC (May 1, 2018; 11:31 EDT) #SCOTTPRUITT #EPA
reporting: @JONATHANVSWAN (@AXIOS) (May 1, 2018; 11:31 EDT) #SCOTTPRUITT #EPA
Hopefully it’s a steaming pile of  for @ScottPruittOK
And you still wanna whine that Pruitt wants safer upgrades lmao
Is it close to the sound proof booth
A wonderful Mother's Day gift for Scottie? After all, he is the mother of all earth killing policies. Oooh, how exciting!
And..........
Any updates.
Probably just Pruitt’s cash bribe from Icahn.
How much is Scott Pruitt spending to make the building bombproof?
It was a box of science books.
Quick, everybody into the soundproof room! 
Quick, I know there is no time, call Donald he will run in and defuse that package and save everyone.
Pruitt is hiding behind his bullet proof couch. (2 soon?)
And to whom is it addressed?
It's just a bag of FoxNews bulls***.
It's probably the million-dollar toilet seat Pruitt ordered.

#EPA
Just a box of science books...
put it in the phone booth!
Quick everyone into the phone booth!!
Suspicious cause it doesn’t have death threats scrawled on it ?
“This package isn’t from an oil lobbyist! What is it doing here?!”
Can Pruitt hide in the SCIF?
Kickback from Ichan?
Hope there is a secure phone both available to make calls!
Stop spending all that money on security.
Probably water from Flint Michigan
Just when there were no credible threats, one happens along. Amazing how this suddenly just happens. Scott Pruitt's office is an impregnable nuclear bunker. Thank God!
If only it could affect Pruitt alone. The guy deserves some respiratory difficulty in light of how little he cares about the rest of us and the air we breath and water we drink. He’s already a paranoid idiot. This will really send him over the edge.
...#Trump's medical records??????????
It’s just Pruitt’s new golf shoes.
I would bet money Pruitt orchestrated that package to be sent to himself
Probably just something for the 40K sound booth......headphones!?
It's another overpriced toy for Scott Pruitt purchased with the American people's money.
I thought Pruitt was the Suspicious Package??? Now he will have more security then POTUS...Just fo his safety he should resign let alone the blatant corruption
Is it Scott Pruitt’s tell tale heart?
Pruitt probably sent it to himself to justify his need for first class and bullet proof vehicles.
Pruitt planted it there.
Ha! Probably a back pack full of regulations protecting our air and water.
Science books?
Probably a little taste of the hazards he spreads across many states in America.
Well some of the comments   it's pretty scary.  . I hope all is well at the EPA and no one is injured @EPA @EPAScottPruitt @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
Put the package in the "not really a SKIF, SKIF".
Some chlorpyrifos for Pruitt?
Probably should have gone with a bomb proof phone booth instead of sound proof!
Prophetic....CO2 perhaps? Coal slurry water?
Probably has Pandora stenciled on it.
No doubt Pruitt sent it.  No. Doubt.
False flag? Pruitt trying to justify his security detail?
It’s definitely just a box of Exxon gift cards, right?
Suggest they put it in @EPAScottPruitt 40,000 dollar secure phone booth.
Put it in the phone booth!
...and very suspect that an EPA official is telling the media this
pffff  - i swear this guy is so crooked, i wouldn't put it past him to have set this up to justify his excessive spending, first class seats, security detail, etc
Something that benefits mankind, is about the only thing I could see Pruitt's EPA going into lockdown over.
Crazy liberals ..
Amazon prime?
Hope they didn’t eliminate those positions because toxic chemicals are over regulated.
If someone intends to bomb & destroy the EPA, don't bother.  They are destroying themselves all on their own.
Not a fan of the EPA and I think it should be shut down but God I hope everyone is okay. Less bombs, less murder please.
Must be a FOIA request.
Every time they see "Scholastic Store" on the label they freak out.
#EPA
#Trump Denies #ClimateChangeIsReal as #trump #Golfs for #Cancer at #trumpgolfcourses
#NonContradictions violation
Probably a box of cash from a lobbyist.
Security threats should never be taken lightly but COME FUCKING ON!
Fresh romaine
