Good stuff. Source?
My keyboard.
If someone knows the history of so called moderate part of barbaric Islamic regime in Iran, he would never call them moderate. Rouhani was one of person who was calling for public execution of any one not happy with Islamic regime.
https://youtu.be/eKpBeGrwMKQ 
During presidency of Rafsanjani (spiritual father of so called reformists). Opposition leaders been mascared in Europe
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mykonos_restaurant_assassinations …

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shapour_Bakhtiar …
Claiming Iran is split between moderates and hard-liners brings to mind what a cop told a suspect on a Law and Order episode: "You've got a choice between going away for a long time and going away for a very long time."
Obama pulled the US out of Iraq prematurely in order to give Iran a free hand there so that they would make a deal with him. Same thing for Syria and the evaporating redline. All kissing Iran’s ring
Didn't you argue Iran would never allow the IAEA in? They have. That they'd never decommission Arak? They have. That they'd never destroy centrifuges? They have. That they'd never divest their hi-rich uranium? They have...
When you look back on the ObamaKerry MalleyKerry lies about the Nuke deal, you wanna shout LOCK THEM UP FOR TREASON
What's this? Are they really this stood to believe these nonsense?
Pallets of dollars will moderate Iranian regime?
Supreme leaders fatwa is accountable?

Lying is a religious act in shita. Called "Taqia".
Muruna 
The temporary suspension of sharia law in order that Muslims appear to be moderate
You are one of us. You are doomed
Did Obama “collude” on these issues with Iran?
It has been 3 years since the Iran deal was put in place to keep Iran from having a nuclear weapon. Iran still doesn't have that weapon. How many years must Iran not have a nuke before RW'ers have to say it worked?
How to be Barack Obama in 7 simple steps:

1) Lie!
2) Leak!
3) Lie More!
4) Play Ignorant!
5) Lie With a straight face!
6) Play Angry!
7) Accuse others of Lying!...
