@husainhaqqani @megangarber It’s a dinner. Who cares? What r we doing obsessing on ourselves?
Indeed!
It’s because White House correspondents have completely failed at one of the most important roles in a democracy, being a free press. Yesterday proved that.
What sanctimonious nonsense.
not fast enough!
As long as Pres. Spank continues to say, "Grab em by the pu---, or mock handicapped ppl. or insult gold star families, or have sex with a porn star while his wife was home with a baby I think the WHCD is safe.
That is not the only thing.
If journalists were capable of understanding the damage done to their profession at last night's WHCD, they would have straightened up and flown right years ago. Alas, they either don't get it or don't care. In fact, watch for them to double down next year.
Good. Should have been dead years ago. Why do we have a diner where journalists who are supposed to be covering public figures without bias dine with those same figures? Why not have a Drug Kingpin dinner too?
Oh, for Heaven's sake, do  you people really not understand the nature of "roast"?
White House correspondents are a tepid breed of flacks. They need not be celebrated.
So is truth in journalism. Pity.
The free press is dying.
Bc the real snowflakes are cons/the right.  Fair weather ‘free speech’ defenders.
Forget the insults and profanity. What you don't see is this did nothing to shed the appearance of a biased media. The act pretty much cemented the opinions of a large swath of the viewing public.
You must’ve missed her jokes about the media.
I didn't miss anything. Her jokes about the media were lame and weak as well as about Democrats. You're totally missing the point through your biased glasses.
You think it’s biased to call Sanders out for half-truths and lies?
And let me guess, your bias has you enamored with a guy who says the most awful things about women...right?
Either the point goes over your head or you're choosing to ignore it. You can't claim to be unbiased in the face of criticism and then put on a show that annihilates one side.
Anyone claiming to be 100% unbiased is biased against bias.
What is the purpose of the WHCD? To give awards to the journalists who made up the best stories throughout the year?
It is the shadow of the death of actual journalism in America.
It should never have existed.  True journalisms and the search for the Truth should be honored.
It's been dying for a LONG, LONG time. but will it ever really die?
It's dying because once @wikileaks unveiled the direct link between the Establishment Media and @TheDemocrats, that made middle America highly skeptical of our mass media in general. 
Trust in institutions of all kinds--religion, elected legislatures, political parties, the press, academia, even medicine--has been falling for decades. One of the most remarkable things about it is that most ppl in them don't seem to care, or want to do anything to reverse it.
And Trump will take credit for it.
The White House Correspondents need to do their job each day and call BULL SHIT on @PressSec 

Her defense of and adulation of the false god is sickening.

The reign of the #TrumpCrimeFamily must end and the press needs to step up and do their part & deliver TRUTH to America.
Because journalism has become about placating giant egos rather than holding them accountable?
The article never said it was dying?
Cover real news. There’s a lot of it. Do better.
It’s not a dinner it’s a comedic shit show.
How dare you tell @Deray he learns  from Access Driven #maggienyt she reports NOTHING worthy EVER...jyst a bunch #WhiteWash Mess. #HaveSeveralSeats #CorruptMSM #WHCD #MorningJoe #JMartNYT
Not unless @whca gives in to Trump.
Jeffrey, let’s take it back to our roots.  Next year, I plan on hosting a potluck at the Lincoln Memorial sand volleyball courts.  The rule of thumb is to keep people active! To much back slapping, comedic truth, irony, and self aggrandizement can make for a convoluted evening.
The face of mainstream journalism in America.  Not surprised.
Good. Although they’ll still believe they have special rights.
What, exactly, did she say that was so awful? Please be specific.
Trump should have authorized a DEA raid at the Hilton Ballroom on Saturday Night....The event would have ended early....as the "journalists" would have scattered like rats
Liberals ruin everything.
Israel strikes Iranian targets. Afghan suicide bombing kills 25. Enough with the soap opera of WHCD already. The feigned indignation and theatrical hyperbole never ends.
The media is dead. I mean people are being fired for being conservative, right Jeffrey?
@POTUS is right again!
Good riddance
Let it die then. Conservatives are just using it to play victim card with their base.
Really????Because Trump has shunned the event?????
Think if all the money spent on WHCA dinner was donated to some worthy cause, rather than a black mark on US and media relations.
Newsrooms are dying.
Print newspapers are dying.
Op-ed pages are dying.
Investigative journalism is dying.
WHCD is dying.

Ever considered that may be the journalists looking for access and shortcuts are the root of these problems??
@theatlantic is dying. And @JeffreyGoldberg is why. Hire a conservative, immediately fire the conservative because the conservative is a real conservative
If this is the only institution Trump manages to kill, America will have gotten off easy.
Sleepy Eyes or Smokey Eyes?
