Absence of evidence? You’re kidding. There’s one email from Trump Jr. practically begging for help. Wow.
This shell game you’re playing will come crashing down soon enough.
Oh boy, this ratio...
Might as well throw this out there too: implying a constitutional challenge to the argument of collusion is absurd. The entire crime happened pre-presidency, meaning tons of election fraud/conspiracy charges & nothing to do with POTUS powers of foreign policy once in office.

I love this GIF. Thanks :)
The President owes us all the answers to these questions. Not by Tweet, but under oath.
LOL.  He lies under oath all the time!
Fine.  Run up the prison sentence.
He’ll be dead before he’s released even with “good” behavior.  Oh wait...DT doesn’t know how to be good!
Why do you so quickly assume no evidence of collusion? Have you reviewed the Special Counsel’s case?
He must watch Fox News instead of reality
What is so bad, he has a show on MSNBC! They are supposed to be better than that.
That must mean he isn’t watching his own channel
@MSNBC why do you pay for this nonsense?? Why?
Ditto @washingtonpost.  This guy belongs on Breitbart.
He belongs in a straight jacket in a padded cell.
He is in denial.  Poor thing.
Keep dreaming Hugh .  Mueller ALREADY knows the answer to ALL of these questions.  He had Flynn on surveillance before and AFTER he flipped. He also has info from gates.
He’s got manafort’s phones, and all his data...
this one makes me giddy like a kid in a candy store..
Not to mention the Cohen treasure trove.
"absence of any evidence of collusion"
LOL. A third of the questions are about collusion. And these are likely just starting questions. There will be followup questions, too.
These are question the mueller team knows the answers to...
BINGO
I don't know who you are, but you aren't very bright.
I DO know who he is, and you’re right.
He should be fired for that reason alone.
Are you the kid that doesn't like broccoli because you've never tasted it?

Marinade in that thought.  

Maybe it'll seep in. 
You seem smarter than this. I guess you are fully indoctrinated now
Robert Mueller knows more than you do.
There’s an endless supply of evidence of OBSTRUCTION of justice. You should watch other channels than @fox and read more than the #NationalEnquirer.
Manafort reaching out to Russia for help during election
Don Jr. meeting with Russians in Trump Tower
Kushner backchannel at Russian embassy
Stone with a Guccifer 2, a GRU officer
Stone & Papadopoulos knew about hacks before they were public 
Prince meeting in Seychelles
Trump has a very easy decision to make. If he can answer all the questions honestly, without confessing to a crime , he will agree to an interview. If he can't answer them all honestly, without confessing to a crime, he will refuse to be interviewed. Which is why he can't answer.
Which cavity did you pull "No collusion = end of inquiry" from? The word "collusion" is not mentioned once in the order setting up the Special Counsel and his scope.
If Trump fired Comey with corrupt intent and that's OK with the Constitution then we should look at that in a little more detail.
The Framers did not get it wrong. Mr Hewitt gets it wrong. If Pres Trump fired Comey to impeded the investig'n, that is grounds for impeachment and doesn't even need to meet criminal law standard of "corrupt intent".
If only he had told someone.
The constitution puts the obligation on congress that they must impeach a criminal president. If they don’t they’re a traitor to American ideals and the “great experiment” dies.
Congress has demonstrated their commitment to the constitution for the last 15 months. I'm not impressed.
Hugh you're only for the rule of law when it means going after Democrats and not when it's used for Republicans conspiring with Russians in order to undermine the sovereignty of the United States.
Hugh Hewitt and all them should be made to live in Russia, under Putin’s despotic rule, then see how they feel about turning our Democracy over to Putin by way of Trump.
That’s one hell of a point! Nice.
And you all should be made to live in Venezuela.  The country the #FailedLibetalPolicies
What's "Libetal"?
Hugh Hewitt worked for Nixon, and Nixon got impeached. This guy knows nothing of what's going on. The problem with Nixon's lawyers, people like Hugh Hewitt, is they think that they're always right and prosecutors should think like them.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Hewitt …
In 1990, Hewitt sparked controversy by proposing screening of researchers wishing to use Nixon library resources. He suggested refusing admission to researchers deemed "unfriendly" – specifically Bob Woodward, whom he characterized as "not a responsible journalist."
John Taylor, spokesman for Nixon, overturned Hewitt's decision after 2 days. It became the subject of editorial rebuke in The New York Times. Even after Nixon's Impeachment he blamed Woodward & NOT Nixon! Only in the Era of Trump this Right Wing Nut job has a license to be Wacko!
And/or dishonest AF
There’s a lot more to the inquiry than the firing of Comey, but a corrupt intent in firing Comey (or related to any number of the areas of inquiry) can make an otherwise authorized act criminal. Suspect you know this.
My frequent reminder that Constitution, for good reason, doesn't require a criminal case as basis to impeach. Constitutional obstruction of justice ≠criminal obstruction of justice
Lol. 

#Adorable.



He’d have to be able to hire one to know...and don’t say “Rudy” to me or I’ll explode laughing...
A number of the questions deal directly with specific instances of collusion. I think Mueller might have more of an idea where this is going than you, Hugh.
Why wouldn’t he want to cooperate with Mueller? Something to hide? How do you know there is an absence of collusion?
You are always so wrong about everything. Sometimes I think you do it on purpose just to mislead people. 

If lawyer knows for a fact client will lie, then the lawyer cannot let the client testify. If client insists, then lawyer must withdraw from representation. You know this.
This is why Dowd resigned. He knew DJT intends to lie.
Do they still employ your complicit carcass at msnbc? Or did they cancel your terrible show yet? You’re pretty much an imbecile, liar or both if you think there isn’t any evidence of collusion.
I remember a time when I thought @hughhewitt was an intelligent man, with some integrity.
Just because it isn't public, it doesn't mean there isn't evidence. You really think Mueller is going to show all his cards now?!?!
This.
How many frigging times must it be repeated???
This constitutional abomination started based on lies and is continuing based purely on elite malice.

Tell Mueller to go pound sand and that he has until July 1 to put out whatever report he wants and after that he's fired.

This is a coup to undo the election.
I’ll never understand how this argument isn’t somehow a desire to surrender our young federal system based on the rule of law to another ideology steeped in something closer to authoritarianism. The elite malice? Koch and friends.

Two bad I can’t like this one twice 
Trump asked Russia to hack Hillary Clinton's email and our own intelligence community believes they did so and then released it piecemeal to the public via their dissemination front Wikileaks, all while keeping Trump's inner circle abreast of the operation.
What a fabrication. Hillary had 35,000 missing e-mails. Trump jokingly said, Russia if you have those e-mail send them to the US. That is not asking Russia to hack anyone. Russia was not the Wikileaks source, that was Seth Rich.
You are an unhinged idiot. Seth rich? Laughably idiotic! You are a complete waste of time and oxygen! You are on par with a flat earther! FUCK CLEAN OFF!! BYE BYE!!
Sorry for your CNN brainwashing. Kimdotcom can prove that Seth Rich is the Wikileaks source.
You would totally be saying this if a Dem were president and under the exact same investigation.

Not.
I believe 90% of Dems would want to make sure the right thing was done whether the prez was Dem or Repub.

That’s completely false.
And Spew Spewitt, as reliable a hack as ever, reveals exactly why the WH leaked these questions.

(Hint: Mueller already knows most of the answers that aren't about state of mind.)
@nytmike @lonepatrick @snickerfritz04 @evilzoraklives It's as if trump's anus is stuffed with Botox & U need it
Hughie has staked his whole existence on his precious orange fat lump. He'll be devastated if anything happens to his Lord.
Hugh, you’re smart enough to know that Mueller has evidence that is not in the public domain. He’s a respected GOP prosecutor, and he wouldn’t ask questions about intent unless he felt strongly that obstruction occurred. An innocent man would answer his questions.
Apparently he is not smart enough.
Why you are in Radio and not law...
Good one! No collusion? LOL LOL LOL 
Better question is "would any defense attorney allow his client to dress like this for mr muellers inquiry?" This gig is up, since may 2016 when don jr met torshin at the NRA put them together.
2.  Geez torshin is allegedly russian mob and a money laundering, and deputy of russias central bank and definitively kremlin/NRA kinked.  Mr kushner did not give the email to Congress about torshin wanting a backdoor for putin/trump to talk.
3. Oh kushner said this and that about denying torshin, that he was fake kremlin linked , but don jr somehow responded to this NRA/torshin/kremlin request and met torshin. "I'll advised. Lol."
4. As is par for #trumprussia trump couldn't physically make the meeting with the kremlin affiliated Russians (he was to busy running for president) but his beloved son don jr made the meetings.
5.  Actions always speak louder then words, including yours Hugh.
6. And yah, this russian intelligence guy kiliminick was linked to manafort and gates during the president's campaign, and yes manafort talked to him about the dnc hack and yes this russia intelligence guy is in 2 of muellers indictments.
7.
8.  We are not going your direction Hugh's.
“in the absence of any evidence of collusion” 
Notice the Trump defenders use "collusion" instead of the actual crime... CONSPIRING with a foreign government to influence an election. Trump admitted at his rally in Michigan that the Trump Tower meeting was set up to conspire with a Russian spy. Bizarrely, he blamed Hillary.
Conspiracy.

Trump CONSPIRED.
Trump OBSTRUCTED. 

So collusion is a made up term because people were being kind.
Meaning of collusion:secret understanding,often with intent to defraud.Sounds about right to me. No?Don’t like that word,how about these:

Conspiracy 
Complicity 
Cahoot
Scheme
Plot

Pretty sure Mueller can prove any of the above and add obstruction
Fasten your seatbelts. This is gonna get rough.
Collusion isn't a crime, in case you haven't been listening to the other #sycophants.  However, obstruction of justice, money laundering and conspiracy against the United States ARE crimes.  #TrumpRussia  #MuellerIsComing
wait you no longer consider obstruction an impeachable offense? It's not a purely political endeavor?
In the absence of any evidence of integrity, why do you continue to speak with what you think is authority, @hughhewitt ?
A rigged, kangaroo court made the declaration that there is “no collusion”, yet its irrelevant; at least 65% of USA knows it. FBI must continue the investigation to the end of the road; to protest the process means you are complicit in the coverup. Take a cold shower, wake up!
RUSSIA IF YOU'RE LISTENING.... 

Hugh Hewitt is a partisan hack whose son has a cushy job in the corrupt EPA.
Pretty sure that Mueller has what he needs. Trump meeting or not meeting will greatly influence public perception. Doesn’t effect investigation at all.
I agree with this. Mueller knows there’s no way he’s getting a meeting unless Trump insists so much that every White House lawyer is forced to resign in exasperation and Trump does it on his own. Which could happen with this circus clown...
Your conclusion presumes you are confident there isn’t evidence of collusion. The public knowledge is already walking a razor thin line from direct quid pro quo.
Imagine what investigators have.
It’s panic! They read the questions and went “oh shit”
Hence the weekend ranting. As always.
Hugh has sold his soul. If he ever had one. History will judge.
Hugh, aren't your arms and shoulders getting tired? I mean those buckets of water you carry around for Trump get heavier and heavier.
Are you kidding me, man? I called my Congressman in a rage while looking at the email from Don Jr to the Russians arranging to get dirt on Hillary--- because he's guilty and I want him out!

And it's not collusion-- it's conspiracy against the United States. AKA. #Treason
Oh and PS my Congressman is the first one to file Articles of Impeachment against the orange menace- Obstruction of Justice, based on the Comey firing- they were already filed when that email came out. My Congressman actually has our country's best interests at heart.
If there was no wrongdoing, the president has nothing to worry about!

He is president of the United States?  This is a legal investigation in the united states.   He should absolutely comply with a legal investigation conducted under the auspices of the US Department of Justice.
You don’t know what evidence he does or doesn’t have Hugh.
Hugh....you are better than this.
You understand how investigations work right? Same like audits. Would u expect an audit report before it’s wrapped up? Irrefuckingsponsible!
You sound panicky.
When you were a little boy, growing up in the 1860s, was it your dream to run interference for the #TrumpCrimeFamily under the guise of "journalism"?
Now that's an insult to fuck..they're so busy ducking and practicing "strategery" they can't see what's ahead. Hewitt pontificating his bs points shows he's drinking the koolaid that Mueller is finished = deeza .. And/or there's something Hewitt doesn't want exposed 
Blech.
hahahahahahaha... damn I needed that laugh.. TY!
Lolz. I love Danno! Oh... OMG and McGarrett! I remember the originals on TV when I was a wee child!
shit I lived off that and Magnum PI..
Dying over here! 
Me too now where is my fucking red cheesy ferrari so I can slide on over the roof and hop on it.. says Hewitt after we're done digging in on him..
Jesus Lord above Hugh- what the hell will it take for you to see the obvious truth that the tRUmp campaign was working with Russian stooges like a serf does his Lord's bidding? What the hell up man. You are losing all cred
Hewitt had cred?  When?
You sound a little desperate.
Give it up, Hugh. The president always has been, and continues to be, a criminal.
If he’s so innocent then why can’t he answer these questions?
How do you figure there's no evidence of collusion? You been chatting with Mr Mueller? You certainly can't be relying on the recently released congressional report from Nunes and the tainted house committee!
From the man that awake every morning wanting any kinda investigation into Hillary or the Clinton Foundation Wow!!!
Particularly offensive - and incorrect - legal analysis coming from someone with a law degree.
Thank you for your response to this offensive comment by Hewitt, and thank you for your great work on that timeline!
“absence of any evidence of collusion”

Good god, man, if you’re not going to pay any attention you *really* ought to just shut up.

Wishing will not make this go away.

@realDonaldTrump is a traitor against the United States of America.

Period. Full stop.
I have tried to like you , I really have. But you’re not very bright these days.
Wouldn't it be great if tv commentators were held to some standard of truth-telling and capacity for sound reasoning?
He fired James Comey to try to stop Comey from investigating him. That’s not allowed, my dude.
Because there isn't an absence of evidence of collusion. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Idiot son #1 literally released an email admitting to it Hugh. Did you forget about that?
Well if he’s not guilty, this should be easy to fill out then wouldn’t it?
I think most Americans would like to know the answers to these questions. There doesn’t appear to be many innocent answers... also, why won’t he release his taxes? Why does he hire so many foreign agents? Why all the Russia lies?
And why no sanctions....why the fawning over Putin...as if Putin owns him. Why does he attack Americans repeatedly while constantly fellating autocrats?
Those who aren’t interested in the answers are surely complicit and involved in a cover up!
1. There is already ample evidence of conspiracy/collusion. Every week brings more. 2. The main reason a good defense defense attorney would not allow an interview is if it is almost certain that the witness would lie in the interview. That seems to be the consensus here. Right?
No lawyer would advise Trump to talk to SC, but that's because it's clear that Mueller has tons of evidence of collusion.
Just when we think hugh couldn't get any dumber, he goes and tweets this disaster of a question.
Dream on Lurch
Conspiracy, Hugh. With a foreign power. Against US interests.

Because he’s the president of the United States and he should cooperate with a lawful investigation, just as every federal employee is expected to do. Really not complicated. https://twitter.com/hughhewitt/status/991122194217472000 …
Trump's lopsided, GOP slanted congressional committee refusing to interview witnesses in no way established an, "absence of evidence".

 Also, 'collusion' is not a charge, but merely an element of other charges, such as conspiracy.
517-5 is ample evidence of collusion to limit sanctions, the NRA very well may have laundered RU money into the campaign, we have no idea how much Trump owes RU linked banks, 70 contacts by 22 ppl, most lied about...and now RU agent known to have met at tower meeting.
Good God you’re stupid. You are now fourth rate. #HughisDumbAF
Oh I am sure a guilty man's lawyer will make sure he steers far away from answer Mueller's question. You have no clue what Mueller has, Hugh. The questions are meant to put it on the record. Stop being so desperate to be Trump's greatest cheerleader. We can smell the desperation.
Hugh, Hugh, Hugh- is ignorance really bliss?
Right Hugh.  No credible person takes the position that POTUS cannot obstruct or that POTUS gets to decide the issues under investigation. White House leaked these questions for you and others to get base torqued.
If you have nothing to hide, you would meet with him, happy to answer questions to end this nightmare for his family, colleagues and most of all this Country!
Except the thesis of your statement is wrong, and there is broad evidence, publicly known, that a conspiracy with Russia was and is in existence.
If he’s so innocent, why be afraid of questions?
"Why would an investigator, looking for evidence of collusion, want to question the person at the head of the suspect campaign?" - Hugh Hewitt, alleged Serious Intellectual Person
Trump: *sky-writes "I COLLUDED" over the White House*

Hewitt: This brilliant satire could only have been performed by an innocent man.
Why are you all so afraid to have Trump talk to Mueller? If he's innocent, it would clear him. You should be helping move it forward.
That worked out so well for Martha Stewart and many others who have talked to prosecutors. Never talk to cops. Tell them to put up or shut up but use your right to remain silent and not have your words twisted and misinterpreted so that they can charge you with a felony.
Martha Stewart wasn't innocent as you all say Trump is.
Then why should DT be hesitant to meet, go forth bold orange one who would run into a building with a live shooter to save people.  Go forth with your fierce dragon energy and face the Mueller.@realdonaldtrump
Hey, anyone else remember that two weeks that @hughhewitt was independent minded and critical of Trump? This has to be the stupidest, most sycophantic, tweet ever out of his fingertips.
The original scope of Trey Gowdy's investigation was how 4 Americans died in Benghazi.

After over 2 years, it ended up discovering Hillary's home-brew email server.

I didn't hear conservatives squawk about scope or duration then.

Partisanship is a helluva drug.
That's because Hillary lied and people died mr locke
People have been killed covering this up too - there is a long line of dead Russians Putin got rid of to try and make it harder to find the truth - but it will come out and everyone who is supporting Traitor Trump will be held accountable
Hewitt has really taken to his new specialty of weaponizing stupidity.
Conspiracy = impeachment
Hugh. You sound absolutely nuts. The house Intelligence committee was a farce. You know it. Take off your tRUmp cheerleader skirt. Get real.
It doesn't matter to Hugh. He got his judges.
Truth
Hugh, even Michael Cohen could run legal circles around you. There is no absence of evidence of collusion. Nor does the absence of a crime preclude obstruction. Did you sleep through all of your law classes?
Hugh, you are truly an idiot.
Isn't the "fu**ing" descriptor a required modifier with this crew?
Mostly agree. I would withdraw if DJT insisted on a meeting with Mueller. Firing Comey utilizing Art II power is not a crime (the President can’t constitutionally ‘recuse’ himself from such decisions). However, still don’t know if Mueller has other evidence of DJT crimes.
"In the absence of any evidence of collusion, why?"
1) uh... you don't know what evidence Mueller has. you and I have no idea what he has.
2) how about because he's the President and should cooperate in a federal investigation.
The evidence that Donald Trump and the Kremlin engaged in a Conspiracy to steal the 2016 Election is overwhelming. The ONLY people who cannot see it,Aren't Looking.
History will show that @hughhewitt went well past mere appeasement or collaboration and became an active apologist for the Trump Nationalist party.
Hewitt always asks about his guests a trivia question about Alger Hiss, and whether he was a communist spy.

In 50 years, AM radio hacks will grill their guests about Hugh Hewitt's failure to rise to his country's defense.

Or so it seems.
And when it comes to Alger Hiss, he refuses to pose his questions to someone who actually knows something about the case. A true bully.
Yes. "History bullying" describes this AM-radio practice.

Can we inoculate future guests by offering an ideal response?  My best effort: "That's often debated, Hugh, but unlike you Hiss was never an overt apologist for Kremlin efforts to undermine US democratic institutions."
and we can then talk about the thousands of lives Hiss helped save with the Agricultural Adjustment Administration (opposed by the CP) and the Marshall Plan (also opposed by the Russians) and ask Hewitt which of those he feels was subversive.
I have no historical expertise concerning Alger Hiss, but the following are unconditionally bad:
Communism, Putin-type kleptocracy, disloyalty to a free country, espionage on behalf of an evil foreign power, promoting dictators and would-be autocrats.
After spending a decent chunk of the last 40 years researching the case, i can say with certainty that Hiss would have agreed with your list.
No evidence of collusion? That is hilarious and you now have lost all credibility.
LOL in your dreams sunshine
The bank robber said he didn’t do it. So we should just dismiss the case.  Right?
Well, Trump has an excellent memory, he's told us that a million times. Should be as way as eating a beautiful big piece of chocolate cake for him.

Because he’s the president of the United States and he should cooperate with a lawful investigation, just as every federal employee is expected to do. Really not complicated. https://twitter.com/hughhewitt/status/991122194217472000 …
"Absence of any collusion"?

Sure about that, buddy?
Why is this so hard? 1/ we don't have all the evidence! Mueller does & he doesn't leak. 2/ the little we do know of is not nothing. Don Jr, Manafort, etc. met with a woman we now know answers to Putin. 3/ "collusion or bust" is an R talking point, an attempt to lower the bar
Ummm...this seems super obvious, but how do *you* know they do not have evidence of collusion?

What makes you think there is no evidence of collusion? At least 13 of the questions are about campaign coordination with Russia. https://twitter.com/hughhewitt/status/991122194217472000 …

Rule of law is the answer. Every POTUS prior has complied.
Flynn, guilty, foreign agent
Manafort, indicted, foreign agent
Gates, guilty, foreign agent
Papadopolus, guilty, flipped, targeted by Russia
Page, guilty, flipped, targeted by Russia
Cohen, about to be indicted
13 Russians, indicted 

Collusion was proved a while ago.
Since Kanye is one of your homies now......
Not just conspiracy, Hugh
Considering that pretty much no credible defense lawyer wants to represent him, that’s a really hard question to answer
That worked out well for Nixon, didn't it?
Nixon wasn't impeached
Try again. Here's a hint:
"There is a constitutional objection to the very idea of obstruction in the dismissal of Mr. Comey."
1) Because the alternative may be him being subpoenaed in front of a grand jury, where he can't even take his lawyer.  2) His son invited a Kremlin operative into a Trump Tower meeting to negotiate for stolen Clinton dirt.  There IS NO ABSENCE OF COLLUSION EVIDENCE.
3) Are you taking Dershowitz's approach?  The President's campaign was being investigated by Comey's FBI when he decided to fire him, and he boasted that he was out from under a cloud as a result.  4) In essence, you expect the FBI to make conclusions based on your ignorant POV.
Hugh Hewitt is a blinded Trump sycophants and apologists. He thinks Trump is a Christian.
This tweet is pathetic.
More propagandist nonsense. 

No wrongdoing... yet they kept investigating Benghazi, right? Their hypocrisy is hypocritical.
You don’t know what evidence Mueller has. That should frighten you.
Junior met with a Russian spy who offered dirt on HRC.
That Russian spy first met with Glenn Simpson of fusion gps, the group Hillary funded to get dirt on trump. A set up? Yup.
You little Trumpkins are the most giddily dupable rubes.  It's cute.
Why was Hillary funded fusion gps  Glenn Simpson meeting with a Russian spy before and after jr’s meeting? Please explain
Promise not to tell anybody?
Sorry Hugh..the simple fact that Trump is denying obfuscating resisting complaining and incessantlywhining means we all need to get to the bottom of this. I don't care who the president is we need to know.  Anyone who objects to that is just in denial of what needs to happen.
Hugh "Vichy" Hewitt.
Hugh,
It’s disingenuous to say “in the absence of any evidence of collusion” when you don’t know what Mueller has & when public sourcing looks a lot like conspiracy.  
Why are you guys engaging in such dishonesty? You know Trump is a pathological liar. Give him this
You wish, right Mr. Sycophant?
Not sure how you can come away with no collusion...
If the POTUS is innocent, why wouldn’t he want to get to the bottom of what Russia did to try to influence our election?
There is plenty of evidence you lying sycophant.  He can meet voluntarily & get it over with, or wait for a summons before the grand jury. If he's innocent it shouldn't matter. If he's guilty it definitely won't matter.
Just because you haven't seen evidence doesn't mean there isn't any. C'mon man. Don't be stupid. I know you're not stupid.
DAFFY DUCK TRUMP DID so much more then just fire comey. He met with Russians to get dirt on Hillary. He appt sessions as AG hoping he would protect him.  Asked Russia to find Clintons emails. Pd off stormy Daniels right before the election. All ILLEGAL
Trump is a Traitor who’s in bed with PUTIN&RUSSIA, Serial Liar, Sexual Predator And Narcissistic Psychopath who Bankrupts, Disrupts and  Dismantles our Country, A Clear and Present Danger to Democracy & Everything that’s Decent! 

Have you ever watched a police procedural? The police talk to suspects IN ORDER TO GET EVIDENCE to either corroborate or invalidate their theories. Trump said he fired Comey b/c the case against him was “phony.” 

That’s what criminals say; innocent men anticipate exoneration.
Hugh, Don, just forget trying to escape the conclusion we've all come to.  
You love each other.  Just get a ring already.
Well, if Trump has nothing to hide and has done no wrong, why shouldn’t he meet with Mueller? It would help wrap up this investigation. But, I think even his sycophants knows he constantly lies & has things to hide, so I get why they don’t want him to. #TrumpLies
Do you just pretend to be a simpleton, or is that actually how it is? How do you think reasoning people view your tweet? Do a service to the reasonable majority and stop tweeting.
Lawful Presidents leading nations with nothing to hide or lie about would sit for the interview as a matter of leadership.
Innocent people have nothing to hide. Right Hugh?!
Oh Hugh, how do you know there is an "absence of any evidence of collusion?" Do you have any loyalty to the rule of law over your blind partisan devotion? If he has nothing to hide, what makes POTUS above the law?
You can’t be this stupid!! You have no idea of what Mueller has...
Maybe you need to update your eyeglasses prescription and reread the list of questions.
Hacky Hugh afraid that your son is gonna lose his job?

Your are a very dishonest person, Hugh, that defends horrible corrupt people like Trump & Pruitt.
You are a coward. Clinton did, what are you and dt afraid of? Be a man and prove mueller wrong donald trump. You hold the key, you know the truth, meet the man, face to face and end the "witch hunt".
“No collusion “ you say?  Do you have some inside information on Mueller’s inquiry?  Or is your conclusion perhaps just based on the Nunes “findings?”
Americans deserve to know the rationale for its government’s and leaders actions. The President is no different.
Key weasel words: "in the absence of collusion" which is just your supposition, not a fact.
Have you played lawyer long?  What makes you think there is no evidence of collusion? At least 13 of  the questions are about campaign coordination with Russia.


What makes you think there is no evidence of collusion? At least 13 of the questions are about campaign coordination with Russia. https://twitter.com/hughhewitt/status/991122194217472000 …
Trump could certainly refuse to answer the questions using whatever procedural and constitutional options he has available. My guess is that Mueller already knows the answers to the questions, and any answer that Trump might find fit to provide will be disprovable with evidence.
Or to pull out that mythical n-dimensional chess game that Trump supporters liked to invoke when they tried to argue that Trump thought strategically... Mueller has Trump set up in check, and whatever moves Trump might respond with will be in check, too,
By alienating those capable of reason and holding fast to the gullible, the Right has become a bit *too* comfortable in assuming that the majority will buy what Trump and sycophants are peddling.
See also:
Who are you trying to convince Hugh?  Certainly not me, or other Americans who feel our president is not above the law, and should be accountable to the people he serves.  I abhor you btw.  You seem like such an unhappy person.
Mueller already knows the answer to each of these questions. He will subpoena Trump and Trump will either lie or admit to obstruction.
what the hell does this mouthful mean, "constitutional objection to the very idea of obstruction in the dismissal of Mr. Comey"?
Have you not been paying attention?
I’m old enough to remember when conservatives cried “If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.”
Hugh, you're being willfully obtuse. It's not a good look on you.
Go read up on the piles of bovine feces he's spewed about Pruitt.
Pruitt is as corrupt as the day is long.

Just stop it with this nonsense. The president is not above the law. You really should be ashamed.
Trump fucking Tower. Pappadapolous. Manafort. Kushner. Flynn. Gates. Prince. Should I keep going?
Yeah forget about all those FISA warrants, raids, indictments, and guilty pleas. Other than that there's no evidence at all! #MAGALogic #TrumpColluded
Were you born yesterday? Your obliviousness is flabbergasting.
Unless you are on the jury, no one owes you a look at the evidence, Hugh. I can't believe you don't know how this works.
Gee Hugh maybe they have tons of signal intercepts and testimony from flipped witnesses. Did that ever occur to you? 
Just how do YOU know there is no evidence of collusion?  Has Mueller released any evidence period?  Y'all had better stop stirring this shit.
Why do you keep using the word collusion?
Mindnumbing! 
The proper legal term is conspiracy & wether Trump’s campaign conspired with a foreign government to hack our election
DJTjr met with a Kremlin operative & Trump Sr composed Jrs lie about the content of meeting in Airforce1
You have this backwards - you don’t want your client to meet with the Special Counsel if there IS evidence of collusion.  

There is such evidence, and his lawyers are wisely desperate to prevent an interview.  

I suggest you stick to punditry and defending your son’s boss.
Hugh, you are a despicable man.   You distanced yourself after the Access Hollywood tape but came running back.  You got your tax cuts.    Find your honor and dignity again and stop aiding and abetting.
You would make a great mob lawyer
Hugh, it's still not too late to jump off the Titanic. Save yourself!
Sater boasted, “Buddy, our boy can become president of the U.S.A. and we can engineer it. I will get all of Putin’s team to buy in on this.” We still don’t know what Sater meant by this. Republicans have shown a staggering lack of interest in finding out.
How the HELL did you get a show? A five year old knows the prosecuting team doesn’t release every piece of evidence prior to the trial (or final report). Why would he let the press know the evidence before even interviewing Trump?
Under the 1 administration at a time rule, it doesn’t matter how conservatives try to spin it, meetings with Russians in attempt to back channel foreign policy they have no authority to do and get dirt on a political rival that they lie about is the collusion
How do you know there is no evidence of collusion. The investigation is ongoing and we do not trust the republican house or you.
that's funny. you LOOK old enough to remember whitewater...
Would you like to take a stab at answering those questions?
The alternative is going before a grand jury, without an attorney with him. I mean, *I* would prefer him under oath, and without an attorney with him in the room, but probably not the best plan from his perspective.
MSNBC should fire you, then you could flap your lips on Fox, which is where you belong.
I’m thinking that Manafort may have already flipped.
How would you know there is no evidence?
Mueller already knows the answers to these questions.
American Democracy is on the precipice and this is your hot take. Go away now.
You are a commentator, not an attorney, obviously partisan. This does not reflect well on your ability to analyze existing reality. Truth matters. You are taking liberties with known facts. Sad.
You have zero idea what evidence Mueller has Hewitt.  Stop carrying so much water.  You're gonna hurt your shoulders.
The great thing is, after he’s gone, you’ll have no credibility Hugh. Hope you’re carrying enough water for him that you don’t go thirsty.
You can bet your bottom dollar that Mueller has evidence on each of the questions, including collusion as to which a quarter of the questions pertain.
Trump deputy campaign manager, 2nd in command, present during the campaign, the transition, and even in the White House, pled guilty to:

CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE UNITED STATES

If you don't want to find out who he conspired with, then you're a traitor too.
@hughhewitt unless you have seen all the evidence Mueller has, you cannot correctly state there is no collusion. Mueller knows many things unknown to everyone outside his team.
why would any lawyer advise him not to? avoiding questions at this point just makes him look guilty.  On the contrary, not only does the constitution enshrine the idea that the president obstructs justice, it calls for his removal if he commits it.
"There is a constitutional objection to the very idea of obstruction in the dismissal of Mr. Comey."
(Gibberish)
You don't know there's no evidence of collusion....you do not know what Mueller has.

Also, um ..... obstruction of justice?? 

Or are you so biased that you think Trump is above the law??
It’s not like Trump has a say in the matter. Grand juries will subpoena him to testify, like it or not. Trump is not above the law - and the @GOP needs to be held accountable for trying to protect him.
“The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.” - Winston Churchill | @GOP @DNC @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Easy to see why you don’t teach evidence.
Omg here we go again with the lying partisan @hughhewitt he might lie as much as trump! Can not not believe @MSNBC gives this traitor defender a show! No collusion? Tons of it!!!! #TrumpRussia #TrumpObstructed #TrumpTreason
