If this diatribe had been spewed towards Liberals, they would not rest until this person was fired from their job and never heard from again.
Did you see how she pointed fingers at ALL media, not just conservatives?
I watched this and yes, there was some broad brushstroke remarks made towards Dems. But nothing was said with the venom and personalized attack as Sarah Sanders had directed at her.
Venom? Calling out SHS for defending Trump when he attacks women is venom? Calling SHS for “burning facts to create a perfect smoky eye” is venom?
Spin all you want, attacking someone for their appearance is unacceptable, unless you are a Liberal Democrat saying it. Again, if this had been uttered towards a Dem, we would all be reading & hearing a lynch mob for this person.
How is "perfect smoky eye" an ATTACK on appearance? The joke was the "burning facts". You did not get that? That went over your head?
The Handmaiden’s Tale reference was, however.
I disagree. It was on the oppressive and destructive actions of a woman on fellow women. Trump attacks women on their appearance regularly "blood coming out of her wherever", "bleeding from a bad facelift", "sadly, she's no longer a 10", and SHS defended him.
I wish people held trump (AND Sarah) to a 1/3 of the standard you people are holding a stand up comedian. 1/5
Get real
This is why there are Bullying problem in school! This is why there is violence in America! This is why we see children do horrific acts of violence! They learn it from Media & Government! Why wouldnt they think it's ok? @CivilRights @whca @WhiteHouse @VP I have had it with this!
It starts with DJT.  He’s the biggest bully in this country with the biggest megaphone.  All of you are so hypocritical.
Trump never spoke the way that woman did! Ever! She's a disgrace! She wasnt funny! Diaper genie joke? my 14 yr old might sound funny with that one, the abortion comment was sick beyond belief!! but this was just plain ugly showing the left in full force! Pure Misogyny
Sh*thole countries comes to mind. Miss Piggy too. As do gop Broidy and (who is the PA senator?) caught paying for their mistress’ abortions. Not saying Wolf wasn’t brutal, but the outrage is so unbelievably hypocritical. Come on...  it’s not like she is running for potus!
Making fun of a handicapped person is about as low as you can go.  My son knew better and wouldn’t do that about the age of 6.
He didnt do that try looking at real news
Are you even serious?  There is video of him doing this. On National TV. While running for the highest office in the country.
It really is just disingenuous and hypocritical of you and conservatives to cry foul over a comedians words while excusing the words of this President. The fact is we said goodbye to decency and respectful discourse and the ride is only down from here.
You seem to have forgotten that the left has called Trump and his supporters:
Deplorables 
Mentally unfit
Nazis
White Supremacists
White women who vote based on their husbands preference
Etc.

And dozens of other insults each and every day. 

We don’t forget. 

2018 is coming.
Maybe you are new to social media?
I struggled to find anything humorous in her "performance"...  She is but one person, so I don't paint with a broad brush all journalists, but apparently the person/s who vet out the "talent" for this event need some direction....
I have no doubt there were a number of high ranking Dems who knew this “comedian” was going to destroy Ms Sanders, and that it was their intention.  Their hate for the President is that deep.
Fair and well said. I wish Saturday’s event took the opportunity to show the world that journalists and media are true unbiased professionals. Sadly they did not.
Sadly, your comment that journalists are true unbiased professionals is far from the truth.  Maybe they used to be, but not the current day journalists.  If you truly believe your words, I would bet every dollar to my name that you yourself are a liberal.
Far from it lol. Honestly saying it was my wish that they would somehow have an epiphany on their “Big Night Out” but indeed they did not. Status quo Biased MSM. Years ago WH had some solid relationships with a portion of the fair ones. The good old days I guess
This was a bully fest. Not a roast.

Love it. Given her nasty attack on the White House Press Secretary, a little payback is what is needed to see if she can take it as well as dish it out.
I agree the comedienne was offensive regarding Ms. Huckabee-Sanders but what I found more offensive were her comments on abortion.  This is a woman who needs prayer.  Very sad to be filled with such hate.
Still never heard of her. I figured they didn’t have enough money to hire s real comedian

Rush Limbaugh hired an investigator to find out why he was getting hundreds of threatening comments and messages. It was one guy with a big server. The left has many tactics to make conservatives feel they are wrong.
We know. The left is the enemy of America.
So who is she?
Don't worry about it, after this it's not going to matter who she was
#MichelleWolf #MAGA #WHCD
She was a train wreck.
The only "real surprise" was the #WHCA didn't hire Stormy to perform naked on a pole for their black-tie event.
That’s what they have planned next year.
Apparently when the left says offensive things it's 'free speech', but when the right says offensive things it's an outrage and beyond the pale. Snowflakes!
This so called comedian is a no class scumbag!!! Makes me puke, this country is in a sad state and the media is as bad as I thought, Sarah is the epitome of grace, dignity and intelligence where this thing is lower than a dog turd, bag her up and toss it!
I agree 1 million percent. This was a great campaign rally for #Trump2020 it energized us Americans even more. We will jam those polling stations and make him president for another 4 years. And BTW AL my respect for @PressSec .

REALITY.
Question: Why is it ok for adults to bash and bully other adults all under the guise of a “joke” or “comedy”?
Answer: It’s NOT!
 
The Left has no moral compass!
#MichelleWolf was not funny! Her skit was tasteless & she has no class whatsoever! America is sick of Lib illness! 
The media tried to make Trump look bad and once again raised up Trump because he was right again why not go the dinner making main stream media worse. They try to make him look like an idiot only to make themselves fools lol keep it up
Is there eloquence in continually lying?
You should know, Janene. If that’s ur name. Seems u are just another Russian bit that Twitter should suspend.
The thing is, it wasn't even a roast like the comedian claimed. A roast can be mean, but usually in a funny way. What she did was what we teach our kids not to do, which is bullying. She bullied Sanders because she wasn't able to come up with solid jokes. Just an awful comedian
Go ahead shut this spectacle down.. A fair amount of the media don't like conservatives, a bunch of them outright hate us. Rather not watch it at all, and have not for a long time..
What disgrace the Democratic Party has become, besides the #RESIST movement, they now have DEGRADE ALL CONSERVATIVE WOMEN. Shameful! We will not be intimidated &we will not be silenced. All the left is doing is giving us more power & even more resolve to stand up to the bullies.
She wasn’t funny just vulgar and spiteful and didn’t do journalists any favors in healing wounds and restoring trust and faith in them with the people.
Safety In Numbers Hubris: a defining characteristic of the hive-thinking, self-unmasking left. They're so cut off from reality that they'll nudge ANYONE with a smug, "Come on, we all think this way, right? AmIright?"
If I’m running his re-election campaign I just run clips of this and kick my feet up.  This fuels “normal” America.
When even the WashingtonPost slams you, you know your head has been neatly removed from your shoulders in one fell swoop...ok well maybe it took a few hacks
We cannot ignore how this comedienne's spiel echoes the daily, attacks on our President, the 90% negative coverage in the media.This event fostered more pure, ugly hate that doesn't jibe with our hopeful, uplifted, protected, proud reality.
Proverbs talks often about fools and how they will reap what they sow. A fool, according to this bk is one who misuses wisdom & lacks good judgement. I think this describes accurately Michelle Wolf.
Do you need a safe space ?
Grown-ups don't usually need safe spaces.
As the "comedienne" herself said, "You knew what you were getting when you booked me."

Exactly.

The media is almost entirely anti-Trump and there's your proof.

Also David (Lil Pigg) Hogg was invited and in attendance. Nothing further as to motive or bias needs to be said.
It just reinforced that there are 2 sides ..... the Right and the wrong.
The credibility of a #FreePress rests on its #integrity & its occupation of the moral high ground. The #WHCD18 was a mistake: getting down in the muck & the mire w/@POTUS, et al is a losing proposition. He has the advantage. The coarsening of our culture continues.
It started many years ago way before TRump
It's obvious to Americans that journalism has become politically biased.  Who can we turn to for the real story?  We see propoganda and it can't be trusted.
Well, two things: 1) from a historical POV, it’s always been partisan, sometimes much more so; 2) “bias” need not be an abuse of the #truth or a willful suppression or misuse of #facts. Some media outlets reject basic #journalism ethics in favor of propagandizing.
Yeah..FoxNews
Actually, I don't think @FoxNews is specifically the problem (though their blurring of news & commentary is troublesome). The far #right has stolen a march in this regard: w/no fidelity to the #truth, their mostly online/social media propagandizing has done real damage.
CNN takes the top on that.  But, all news is guilty.
Really?  You don't understand journalistic standards.  Almost all newspapers and networks follow them.  The MSM is by no means perfect, but FoxNews blatantly...with just a few exceptions...acts no different than Russian media.
Wolf's performance was woeful and permit me to say this "wolful". She came to steal, kill and destroy the soul of brotherliness and merriment  at the dinner. Sarah Sanders you are a beautiful, wonderful ,strong and very intelligent woman. God bless you for always giving your best
Well written, Hugh. Indeed a complete fail.
Her joke re: @CNN: they didn’t do enough to unseat Trump. They reported on (essentially provoking people to view it at Buzzfeed) the Democrat funded dossier that led to 18 months of nonsense. This  performance is beyond the pale. The great news: YUGE turnout for @realDonaldTrump.
She sucked!!!!!!
How about the abortion comments? If this is what the left has to offer I want a Protection from abuse order for every last one of them to make sure they are nowhere near my children!
And you know what's worse, the woman who made that obscene remark about abortion HAS A DAUGHTER! Somebody ought to call CPS on her
Maybe they should be more like the folks on your side!
Well, if it ain't the Beverly hillbullies!
Spare us the condescending attempt to salvage the remains of a once honorable profession.  You don’t need to explain to us what we saw and heard, we are capable of doing that ourselves.  Wolf represents what journalism has become, a club of deaf echo chamber elitists.
A voice as shrill and whiny as hers, not to mention her lady-like foul language, set the Dems back a bit further. We saw the elites of the press think about the voters who actually  elected OUR @POTUS She just riled up his base. Keep up the good work!
Complete filth . Why are liberal women such b/tches .They hate themselves,and other women who are intelligent , successful and beautiful. Sad for them .They don't get to run our government anymore .
It's WaPo-what do you expect? They've been out of touch with the mainstream for most of their lives. And most of those responses are from people working in officers on The Hill.
It was not principle of transference that people drew their conclusion. It was by the principle of what they heard: hundreds of journalists laughing at what they paid her to offer.
Excellent read. Thank you for your honest view. At least not all of journalism is dead.
She represents half the country who call this comedy.  The erosion of decency in our society on full display.
Most journalists are one step below a bank robber.
That's giving bank robbers a bad rap.
Thanks Sarah was great Classy something you are missing
I bet David Hogg loved the performance he shares her Language and showmanship. Hope  he enjoyed his one and only step into WH atmosphere.
Everyone has become a snowflake in America. So easily offended by that which they don’t like but oblivious to it when it comes from their side. #whcd has been a roast for years, @obama and 43 embraced it, @realDonaldTrump runs from it.
Trump responds when attacked and frankly noone in the USA, is attacked more than Trump. Wolf's venomous attack on a number of conservative women and her vulgarity was far from funny. She was a poor choice as she reflected poorly for all journalists. #HateSpeech
... even worse was the Correspondents Dinner in 2011. I get angry listening to smarmy Seth Meyers putting down Donald Trump. Fact is that the 2008 Clinton campaign started the Birther Movement.
Have listened to your journalist buddies, High... They seem pretty in line with this line of thought. They sure were yucking it up
Very well said.
Most of those so called "journalists" inside relished the hate and only goal has been to bring down the President and try toi shame the voters. I'm sure a few are decent people but not enough to make a defense.
I heard Kathy Griffin thought it was hilarious...pissed her pants. She wants to know if she can be the “Head”-liner next year!  #whcd2018
“As she repeatedly told us, she knew we expected her to attack the president, a surprise to me as my understanding is that the entertainment is to be a bipartisan”— not mutually negating; hate for Trump has been consistently bipartisan
Giving no cover to Wolff. I wish @hughhewitt would go back and look at any level of criticism he has given Trump for his personal attacks on people.
Are you kidding?  Trump punches back to people who sends him “flowers” all the time.  And the left critizes him when he does it, ignoring the other attackers.  We get it, but the irony is that when the left attacks and being grilled for it, is also Trump’s fault.  Liberals lose!
“... will conclude that she represents the journalists assembled. She does not ...”.   How many of your “journalist” friends pushed back or walked out?
Good point, but then that would draw attention to them and they might be thrown out of the "club". Can't have that don't you know?
Who cares? I think all WH staffers and conservatives should skip it next year.  Then they'll have nobody present to roast. Awkward!!
There's the bipartisan aspect of the White House Correspondents Dinner! True liberal hypocrisy!
She’s trash
It is a shame our society has gotten to this point.  When did a foul mouth become entertaining?  What happened to manners?  Who hired that person?
Journalism is dead. It's sad but true. While some journalists do their jobs to investigate and report news as it occurs, most of them today are little more than political hacks, not to be trusted on either side. Scandals. Leaks. Conflicts. #WHCD is ex.of all that's wrong
That stupid dinner needs to go away.  It’s now absurd and ridiculous

The media needs more diversity of thought, where’s the journalist from the mid west who have a more conservative view of the world, it’s desperately needed, dc media is a bubble.
To say @michelleisawolf does not represent the views of journalists in the room is disingenuous. The #WHCA invited her knowing what she'd do
Mr. Grab em by the pussy deserves no respect. Neither do his sycophants. #SarahSanders #KellyAnneConway

Not
Bravo
You should have hired Reba from the CMA show.  Good show with No political bashing
#WHCDfiasco

Column by @hughhewitt best yet of how journalism had an avoidable, near mortal self-inflicted wound Sat nite. If WHCD purpose was to unite, it did. It united middle America even more in its contempt for coastal elites and press.  Sad.
You showed up for a roast, and jokes broke out.  Wow, couldn't see that coming.  Got anything important to write about?
she did represent you and you damn well know it. your just embarrassed she let the mask slip and showed your true face.
We know you hate us.
Was the bar this low before about August 2015?  What happened around that time?  Thanks for representing conservatives with class, Hugh.  @realDonaldTrump could learn from you.
The wolf is a real dog...
Michelle Wolf @michelleisawolf needs to go the way of Kathy Griffin. We responded well against the abuse of Kathy, we need to show the same to the DOGG and the WOLF now.

#BoycottMichelleWolf #BoycottSnoopDogg
Has anyone questioned who was responsible for booking the horrible person for the WHCD?
Beware what your "friends" on the left say behind your back. Perhaps, they consider you an affable dunce to be tolerated so they can look self righteous.

Although we disagree on some issues, overall praise for your work. You are a gentleman and a scholar. 
This vial despicable so called woman has about as much class as a $2.00 NY hooker
I agree with your article.  I’m just curious if you’ve ever written an op ed condemning @POTUS for being as vulgar and cruel as this comic?  Honest question... Maybe I missed it.
It managed to stoke my dislike of leftist comedians & Washington journalists into a burning hate. #rotinhell #fakenews #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #liberalracism #liberalmisogyny #LiberalHypocrisy
And let’s watch as the right martyrs SHS. She got her feelers in a bunch.
I don’t read all you write nor do I hear all you say so I don’t know if you condone Trump’s behavior or Sander’s dismissive avoidance but it’s seems you condone giving more than you like receiving
She was just vile, her attacks on Sarah, and those disgusting abortion “jokes”.  No words.
Of course it's fair ... look at them defend it
No surprise
Did you see my comment quoting your self-proclaimed preaching of the glories of a free press, and asking where your stalwart defense of the First Amendment was when @realDonaldTrump tweeted about investigating news organizations and revoking broadcast licenses?
Obama was the one who investigated a reporter and his family.
And I did not approve, so your ad hominem to quoque is a dud. But at least Obama was responding to a classified leak. Special snowflake @realDonaldTrump just didn't like the news - I guess his poor widdle fee-fees were hurt. See the difference?
Nope
GTFO with this BS. Call out "bullying" when it's against but enable Trump to be the worlds most powerful bully. Most of her jokes correspond to real things Trump did. Rejection of her as mean is acceptance than Trump too is mean and the left is right so obviously just call bully
OK, we get it - you don't like Donald. You've had well over a year of bashing him. That's fine, but he has had SOME success. Can everyone just give him a break once in a while and acknowledge that? Even hate needs a time-out.
You don't get it. It's not hate for hate sake. I don't hate him, I hate the fact he seems incapable to do his job, I hate what he's done to our presidency and I hate how he prioritizes himself over the American people. And what are theses things he's gotten done successfully?
You can Google® for yourself all of his achievements (hundreds). I'm not your errand boy.  And you're not fooling me that you don't hate him because he's a Republican president. And, you hate the fact that he's in office and getting lots of conservative things done.  He's #MAGA
I think you can't articulate it that's a normal deflection Conservatism is fine, some I disagree with sure but they're valid beliefs Trump is not a conservative. He has brought disfunction embarrassment and corruption to the office. He's passed no policy except tax cuts for rich
There seems to be a large swath of the population who are so open minded that their brains fall out. By that I mean there are no filters, no civility, no consideration for others. It's all about them, their views, their feelings and nobody else.
Total embarrassment for the national WH press corp. Just showed their stripes. Since Watergate, editors have hired journos that parrot their liberal mantras. An entrepreneurial businessman is a martian to them. The entrenched liberal DC swamp will never accept his presidency.
ICYMI Hugh. 

"What is absolutely amazing is that Matt Schlapp, Hugh Hewitt, MAGA fans, Fox News, and Trump enablers in GOP have a higher standard for comedians than they do for President of US.  Well, only if the President is on their team." #Complicit
I await your column admonishing Trump, who is not a comedian working an event, for using far worse language. 
If you are waiting for women to be cute and quiet again, I suggest you consult a calendar. We aren't conforming to that narrative.

It's very weird and hypocritical that all the conservatives who whined about the P.C police for a solid decade turned out to be thin skinned cry babies who can't take a joke.

Also, it's fairly hilarious.


https://twitter.com/raolc/status/990972894225186816?s=19 …
Your buddy Trump is also very eloquent but you seem to overlook that. Your hypocrisy is revealing, you "3rd rate radio announcer.
Are we really comparing WHCD to trumps behavior? Really?  Tortured argument and pretzel logic. Trump is vile and comedy is offensive to some. Puleeeze
Cancel the dinner. It raised ONLY $ 100,000. Cheap Bastards !
We need common decency in the public square by everyone including comedians and Trump.  There are very successful comedians who are neither vulgar or mean.  We need to return to those days.  And yes, Trump hits below the belt with some of his attacks. He needs to stop, too.
Just proven again n again how libturds have no limit in dissing someone. It is all HATE HATE N HATE
You must have simple minded people reading your stuff
It was disgustingly rude...
Washington Post won't let me read this article
This admin spews daily lies and outrages, so what did you expect a comedy roast would look like?

When you hear "lock her up" do you give a little giggle, pleased with the catchy phrase? Or are you outraged by underlying lie and the damage it does to our political processes?
Am I the only one who thought the person pictured is a man? Or is it a trans? Not trying to be funny or insulting, but at first glance I wasn't sure what was happening here.
It’s a #BabyRosie @michelleisawolf

Yeah.  And the journalists who give up their lives- weren’t in that room- and aren’t covered on what has become Reality TV president. CNN and MSNBC are just producers of the Trump TV. Y’all‘ve missed - or made- the point. PR is still devastated.
How about! Let's get this over with like Obama told Soros murdering his Girlfriend and Baby! That's really funny! Bit this is True! 1000 Blacks marched in Brooklyn! Never made the Honest Times! How is that?
You were there.  Hope there’s not a tape of you laughing at any ‘jokes.’
I guess bullies support each other and the left loves it. Media is disgraceful.  WHCD just thought bullies they are doing it right no morals and comedians are died
then they were all funny?  jk
If you want to know why people think they endorsed it .. look at stupid jim Acosta and fat brian shelter ..
So, pretty eloquent and to the point about nearly the entire profession abandoning their responsibilities to call out threats to our democracy? Speaking as a “fellow” conservative and former GOP voter, you are all full of it. #whca #whcd
A latch ley upbringing, this is the result of that and parents being friends to their kids.
The WHCA is not about "advancing the cause of journalism".It's a roast. They've roasted every Administation every year. This year, they, and you, are snowflakes. This is a major strawman for appealing to Trump's base that you've fully adopted.
1. This ignores that many many many on the left took exception this year. 2. It also reinforces why DT didn’t attend. He wins out of this.
How many is "many many many"? And, yes, some Left will clutch at pearls, but not for Trump. They are feeling defensive due to attacks spurred on by Trump. How can you force a neo-reactionary loss of Democracy without those attacks? Naturally, some will want to hide.
Ironically genius the WHCA itself is one. So your narrative is debunked.
Your post would be better if it made sense.
Sorry it’s so complex. Even the WHCA is apologizing for the train wreck so apparently it’s not like other years, as you posited, incorrectly.
Where did Margaret Talev apologize for it? Her statement isn't an apology.
Do you prefer “condemnation” to “apology?” Classic shift from your debunked premise to an obtuse interpretation.
She is a discrace to he profession. Hate is not funny!
Never fear, @hughhewitt - someone has already prepared next year's monologue, with tasteful language you clearly approve of:
Hugh: Never heard of Michelle Wolf. Is she a transgender?
Thanks for documenting your selective outrage at the indecency of a comic who ruffles a few feathers & swears on live TV. 

If only we followed the examples of decency and respect for the truth currently  being set in the media and by our government officials.
It was vile,crude,& unprofessional.Something performed @ a low class bar n the vales of darkness.The argument that Trump does it begs the question,Do 2 wrongs make a right?The answer is if he is wrong w/ some of his comments (yes) shouldnt those who oppose hold a higher standard?
Mr. Hewitt, why is this important to you? Your President is either rude, crude, or vulgar every day of his presidency. He is setting the tone.
It’s a pity there isn’t a hell for @PressSec Scary Fuckabee Slanders to burn for ever in. She’s a miserable human being. Still, being brought up in that shitshow family would warp anyone’s mind. You’re never going to be a nice person when @GovMikeHuckabee is your father.

If reporters would just call SHS a liar to her face, comedians wouldn’t have to.
Y'all so triggered lmfao
Yet you stand by the Bully in Chief who set this disgraceful "McCain got caught and I don't respect him for that" tone.
Yet, Trump's vulgarity you routinely excuse over and over...and over again.
Then that's not ok
So POTUS fucks a whores that's ok.Dumps 2 wives that's ok.Encourages racism that's ok.Insults TV reporters specially women that's ok.Insults a handicapped man that's ok. Says women like being grabbed by pussies that's ok but when the truth is exposed in the form of comedy
Kathy Griffin was looking for someone to join her in the RANKS or rather RANCID world she lives in, now she has the WOLF and the DOGG to join her. They're all sick and need to be totally boycotted by everyone. Protest them and anything they are involved with even if a small part.
Her act was no worse than the vitriol spewed by our POTUS on a daily basis.  Suck it in, Hugh. This is Trumpian America. 

Regards,
EK- Ex-GOP(1972-2012)
Can we use the same standards we used for Trump on Mika Brzezinski?
Hey Mike ...
Horrible article.Stop insulting Americans for seeing the truth! Only the most vile sell out leftist 'journalists' attend in DC. There are no jobs for fair & objective journalists at the top of the lib pyramid, no matter how much you proclaim the nobility of your craft. @PressSec
Well stated, Hugh!
Yawn

A conservative said 12-year-old Chelsea Clinton was “the White House dog.”

A conservative said Michelle Obama should “return to being a male and…
She was damn funny...unless you take yourself too seriously. This presidency is anything but funny, so God bless her. She found laughter where there are SO MANY tears...
Give us a freakin break you snowflake.
Michelle Wolf is comedian not a journalist!
@PressSec Sarah delivered the perfect response. I don’t want people punished for speech. Speak honestly and let others decide for themselves which ideologies they want to align with.
Did any walkout?
Let this be a reminder to everyone, it is only appropriate to stomp on the least powerful people in society. Punching up will give every conservative the vapors.
Leave it to conservatives to always jump to the defense of the most powerful people in government. You can arm yourself to fight the government, but don't hurt its feelings.
I like a good old stuff shirt!
I'm glad to see that we now have to "subscribe" to read articles. Writers and readers deserve a more direct "financial" relation. I subscribed to WSJ. I will not subscribe to WaPo. The clamor of responses was a good hook though.
what is absolutely amazing is that you, MAGA fans, Fox News, and Trump enablers in GOP have a higher standard for comedians than they do for the President. well only if the President is on your team. you’re a joke
Hugh, Your buddy, Trump the bully, demeaned the presidency and destroyed comity.  Quit crying when conservatives are the brunt.

I can’t believe Michelle Wolf called Sarah Sanders a dog...

Oh wait that was Rush Limbaugh on 12 year old Chelsea Clinton..…
The dinner displayed the lack of character by the vast majority of the press attendees.  Very few spoke out against this vulgar display.  It is why many hold the press in low or no regard.  The press sold their character and integrity by putting liberal bias ahead of honesty.
There was a lot of laughter and applause in the room as she insulted @PressSec Sanders.  I think a larger part of the MSM and other libs in the room loved it than you suggest. Disgusting!!

Here is something of a counter statement to that statement of capitulation from the WHCA. 

From @CharlesPPierce…

SHE WASNT FUNNY. ANGRY IS NOT FUNNY.  SNARKY IS NOT FUNNY. just be funny.

The final goal of #Bergoglio is to destroy Christianity, in fact #PopeFrancis denies Christ and His Truth! Here's how @Pontifex does that:

https://conoscererendeliberi.wordpress.com/2016/09/16/il-concetto-di-verita-secondo-papa-francesco/ …

It’s astonishing how some Republicans are so offended when they get a taste of their own medicine. Medicine they started w/Mexicans, women, immigrants, the handicapped , A.Americans ,support of Nazis & white supremacists. Please have a seat until you are ready to get honest.
What's truly astonishing is the level of stupidity of the average Democrat voter. Name one example of Trump doing any of those things. Saying that there are Mexican rapists coming into our Country illegally does not mean that all Mexicans are rapists, unless you're really stupid
224 BOTSKI bye bye
So then, about 3x the amount of eloquence as Trump?
This is an earnest question: You are a devout supporter of President Trump. Have you ever heard him speak?
You should be far more concerned with content of a message than the way in which it is delivered. You are obviously one of those who were so sucked in by the smooth Obama delivery, you forgot to think about what he was advocating. I thank God Trump won so he can undo the damage.

Here is something of a counter statement to that statement of capitulation from the WHCA. 

From @CharlesPPierce…
Right....good manners went out the door when Trump was falsely elected.  He is an ass.
Electoral. Familiarize yourself with the concept and get back to me when you’re over Hillary’s spectacular loss. 
Anymore memes you need?  Anymore insults that make your sensitive side feel vindicated?  

This country has " electorally" chosen the a racist, divisive person who is looting our country, and has yet to start on infrastructure, though he is a "builder."
You’re a hoot. Trump has been in office for about 15 months and all ya got is a complaint that he isn’t doing enough on infrastructure. I don’t know what you do for a living but I’m guessing it has nothing to do with government contracts. 
I'll guarandamntee you @twitter censored out the positive & affirming tweets.

Those who chose this woman to entertain knew what kind of person she was and what her idea of "humor" is. Please don't tell me most of those present didn't agree or enjoy the bashing. They laughed!  When I hear real rejection of that kind of cruel humor--
FAKE OUTRAGE. there have been worse, and the president should have been there taking the heat (and giving some back).  too thin skinned, so sent his people to do it.  Wahhhhhh
Michelle Wolf makes me reflect on the old song, "My Generation".......
And who reads the wapo?  Hence, therefore
Lol. She roasted the room perfectly, you pedant.
The comments section of WaPo is ugly and painful. Both technically and morally.
Hey Hugh, trump tweeted calling Ms Wolf a "filthy woman". Show me something in her speech that was worse then that. If you can't, will you write an editorial condemning Trump's language?
This woman is a "comedy" writer for Seth Meyers and has been given her own Netflix show.  "They" believe she is marketable, that she's funny.
Maybe you can go buy yourself a sense of humor?
You certainly aren't speaking w/eloquence when you trash anyone on the left who defends Michelle Wolf. You never attack Trump for his horrific, nasty attacks on Congresswoman, journalists, opponents and others and he's NOT a comedian, although he is a joke!
Vile. This is why you're still single
I saw a lot of those journalists that you call "decent folk" laughing and clapping.
I never heard them say one Atrocity about Obama or Hillary! And believe me ! They are 10px worse than a Hooker!
When a woman tells the truth to your face, that the WH press corps trades journalistic integrity for access , to a President and his henchWOMAN , they just can’t handle it. And you make money from it.
Thin skinned a little @hughhewitt ? Maybe your wrong! Ever consider that?
Nice try Hugh.......
Hugh get out of the mud and expand you’re sphere of knowledge beyond your nose
Helpful and well reasoned. Typical.
Mr. #tworivers. What did you expect? I abhor bad comedy (Ms. Wolfe a likely case in point), you're near beatification of @realDonaldTrump  disqualifies you as an honest broker. Even if you're righty this case (probably are) most will see comments as another  piece of hackery.,
Okay?
