So the only story I'm interested in now is how the Israelis got those files. A staggering intelligence operation.
Hopefully they got the guy out because he's blown worse than Bill Clinton in a roomful of interns
Just think of the possibilities to frame a bad actors with false trails.
Some people are going to be hanging from constantly cranes.
Odds they will catch those actually responsible: probably zero. Odds of some show trials 100%
God is, was, and will always be behind them...THAT'S how!
The excuses from BHO & JK will be staggering. https://graphics.wsj.com/table/IranDealWhipList_0815 … 

& CLICK “Supports Deal?” to sort Yes/No. 

See a pattern?? 

It’s ALWAYS about money.
Where did it come from?
Where did it go?
Who controls the money?

Need to #followthemoney
#QAnon 
Heads are going to roll. Really.
Not really. Just watch the movie Back Stabbing For Beginners.  You will find your mole.
The Mossad are some badasses. I love it!
Anticipating a huge blood bath in Tehran.
It's Israel. They don't have Clapper and Brennan like leaders. Good grief. No wonder our IC doesn't know this or are onto this...too busy undermining POTUS.
Oh, don't worry they'll know tomorrow after people don't show up for work.
I sure hope the Israelis have secured and will protect the person/people who got this information this information.
Betcha they planted a bunch of mole trails leading to people the Iranians really need.
The Iranian Red Sparrow?
Damn that guy was good & hope he is out already swaying in a hammock somewhere in Hawaii with a Mai Tai in each hand.
Unbelievable
Me thinks there are lots of people being tortured right now to help them find out
Perhaps the mole was saved by secreting him out along with the files?
They have titanium balls. 
The mole and his family have tunneled out of Iran.
Never attribute to conspiracy that which can be explained by stupidity.
I'm sure everyone involved no longer are in Iran FO SHOW
..and brutal as well....
And not very pretty...
They have an army of ninjas.
The Israelis don’t play. 
Hopefully there is a disinformation campaign by Israel to prompt self inflicted wounds by Iran as they hunt for moles.
Some Iranian got paid off and he’s right now on the Tel Aviv beach with a new identity! Shalom!!

Iran is running out of rope to hang the mole who stole their military nuke archive.
Hopefully they exfiltrated all their moles before making the announcement
MOSSAD is the best intelligence service in the world.  They are not politicize, they care about their country is about survival.
We should contract them.
Our intelligence agencies are shameful.
Handed out a few thick brown envelopes
yep.
People will be flying off buildings like pigeons off the CN Tower
What a great job
Nah. They'll just kill them all.
"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy"
and no one leaked. can DJT hire these ppl?
I’m sure Brennan or Clapper will leak the names to their cable news leak buyers with the week.
Hopefully the Izzys got the source out along with the intel, otherwise it’s dead.
Lol he's long gone by now.
The Intel here is nothing short of incredible
Heads are gonna roll. Literally.
The person is already gone I would bet
From your mouth to G-d's ear.
I bet it was Gabriel Allon!
“Munich 2: Moles On The Move!” 
Yeah, I’d see it.
That's long over the Iranians obviously new about the breach when it happened.
The opening statement was stunning by Bibi.  Can you imagine planning, execution & withdrawal to get out of Iran. Regarding the mole. I suspect that there is someone that has not shown up to work for awhile and the faux family is safely extracted. I’d love to see the movie.
Expect mass executions.
While the revelations are terrible, is this what it looks like for a countries’ intelligence community to put national security ahead of politics?
Poor Iranian staffers.  Gonna be lots of people getting tortured, really, even this very minute...
They are old school - human intelligence, not drones
lol @ all the zionist propagandizing
Rat poison traps work
Good luck
well...there's def gonna be some spring cleaning today in iran if you know what i mean
You have to wonder. This had to be gathered by humint. There was no other way. So, Irsael(?) is burning some well-placed human sources in Iran in order to push this story.
Are we obligated to believe that Israel actually got the files? Too much like Powell standing up telling Bush's lies.
Nice try there chief.
The scope of the stolen files is staggering. And the fact that its not just data, but actual paper files is mindblowing. What an intelligence operation.

It will be easy to spot the Israeli agent who got the files
