Netanyahu pulled aside a curtain to show a bookshelf full of documents from the Iranian facility. And then says they're all copies. That's a lot of dead trees.
The goal of the Project Amad "is like 5 Hiroshima bombs to put on missiles," Netanyahu says. He's reading more materials describing what's there.
They have missiles that can reach Riyadh, Tel Aviv, Moscow, but are working on a much further range, Netanyahu says. The files show "Iran is brazenly lying"
Now Netanyahu is detailing the way Iran continued nuclear work under different names to hide it after the JCPOA, but is ongoing today in a project called Sapan in Iran's Defense Ministry.
"You don't put thousands of centrifuges under a mountain to develop medical isotopes," you do that if it's for weapons, Netanyahu says.
Netanyahu says this is a fraction of what was in the files, but there are 4 main conclusions:
1.Iran lied about developing nuclear weapons
2.They kept the program up after the nuclear deal
3.They lied in the IAA reports
4.The entire Iran nuclear deal is based on lies
Netanyahu plays a recording of Zarif saying "we never wanted to produce a bomb" and replies "yes you did!"
Yes they did ~ what’s new?
The evidence
By the way, if anyone is actually curious, you can read the #IAEA reports on verifying Iran's compliance with the #IranDeal at http://ezor.org/iaeareports .
Yes and the IAEA said Iran never complied with fully coming clean on past nuclear activities, which would be crucial to ensure inspections are happening where the work was being done
Iran never had the same level of ongoing monitoring it does now. I don't doubt the IAEA process can be improved, and that Iran may be pushing boundaries, but the bottom line for me is that, but for the Iran Deal, Iran or its terrorist allies would already have nuclear weapons.
ROTFLMFAO
How convenient ? Anyone remember WMD?
U gotta be kidding bibby. NOBODY BELIEVES YOU
Actually, that’s NOT what this thread is about. They said Iran is lying. NOT Netanyahu.
I was tweeting about it 20 days ago and more, it was obvious even just from observing what's going on, and I'm not an "expert". I can found you those tweets if you want, that Iran definitely devoloping nuclear program.
As they should. Look what happened to libya compared to north Korea. Trump is turning into hillary in foreign policy.  Iran isnt going to attack anyone. Zionist are paranoid aggressors
We'll see... Iran had help from Russia and EU...  anyway, Kim didn't lie to no one... I think that's what's important...
Some people on this thread don't realize how serious this is. If Iran is allowed to develop a nuclear weapon there will be WWIII which will put everyone in a bad place.
#Iran
If you cannot trust those that hate you and want you annihilated, who can you trust?? 
This is all old news.  No proof that Iran has violated the 2015 agreement.  Meanwhile Israel will not allow international inspection of it nuclear facilities and will not sign the non-proliferation pact.
Israel has never claimed to have nuclear weapons and is not threatening annihilation of another country. If Israel has any, that will be a surprise for an attacker.

Pakistan hasn't signed the treaty, definitely has nukes, and has proliferated widely. Go pick on them.
Israel has never admitted it.  It's an open secret that they have it.  Why shouldn't they be held to the same standards as everybody else?
Israel is not threatening to destroy another country
Am Yisrael Chai
Colin Powell lied. Bibi lied about Iraq’s WMDs as well. Just another puppeteered war.
Haha. @Netanyaho tkinks that People are stupid????. people now can think and remember his lies about nuclear weapons in Iraq
Israel bombed a nuclear reactor in Iraq.
america hates bibi. you're not dragging us into a war for his benefit. (:
Some do, many more love him. You don't need to get into the war unless it is for your own benefit.
I certainly hope not, because we're not helping to destabilize any more MENA countries. End of. Oh and young American Jews really fucking hate him.
Is @netanyahu proposing that Iran get back the tons of highly enriched uranium it actually gave away, and unseal all the enrichment centrifuges that are sealed, both of which happened because of the Iran Deal? Undoing it means undoing *all* of it.
Netanyahu wants Trump's permission to nuke Tehran.

Trump would have a greater chance at a Nobel if he were to invite the State of Israel to move to North America where they can flourish in peace.
ALmost the entire Middle East is at war with itself. Israel is one of the few places where there is peace.
I wanna see the movie version of that half-ton heist. Awesome!
@redbloccomrade
Netanyahu calling anyone a liar is almost as funny as Trump doing so.
