This is all fear mongering IMHO... democrats are not going to impeach Trump under any circumstances.... they would unleash a revolutionary civil war like this country has never seen.  and for the same reasons they would never assassinate him .

Critical Thinking is in low supply
Anyone threatening a civil war show a lack of critical thinking.
Wrong.. anyone who thinks it won't happen is showing lack of critical thinking
The implicit threat is violence is moral blackmail, and oddly this needs pointing out.
call it what you like, but the truth is still the same
Impeach Trump for what? Unless and until we are provided a shred of any illegalities we are just reinforcing the fevered imaginations of the left by even talking about it. 

How about we focus on actual policies and results?
How about we stop letting the President use his office to personally enrich himself as he sells his access to the highest bidder. 

Also how about you offer an explanation for the Tower meeting that isn't a conspiracy to collude.
Do you watch Maddow?
Never watch Maddow....
Sometimes, I'll have Maddow on in the background if it's during a dead sports period. Why?
Those are talking points. The original allegations were about collusion with Russia. There is no evidence of any such thing. 

How about we all just get along with life? We had to do that under Obama. Your turn.
Trump and his campaign lied about contact with Russians, and for some reason, that has to be ignored. Don Jr took a meeting with Russians, and according to Trump, about adoptions. People lie for a reason.
Nothing criminal occurred. The Trump team met with many countries. So what?
You’re not supposed to impeach a president just because you don’t like him.
Conservatives "Democrats are so stupid to talk about impeachment, don't they know that's a trap.

LITERALLY THE SAME HACK CONSERVATIVES "We have decided if Rod Rosenstein doesn't give us everything we demand we will go forward drafting articles to impeach him."

Democrats are the biggest threat to our democracy...constantly trying to undo elections
This guy is worse than the worst.  He’s all about the $ and he will never have enough.  He’s an insatiable hedonist with a ‘Bully Pulpit’ of crap. We are so screwed... but hopefully his # will be up by an act of nature.  Sha Boom!
So sad how many poorly informed democrat voters have adopted the lies of the MSM

Obama Administration obstructed justice?  Read the letter. 

https://judiciary.house.gov/press-release/goodlatte-allegations-of-political-pressure-to-shutter-clinton-foundation-probe-must-be-investigated/ … #clintonscandal
Mullier has been involved with the Dems to destroy you ,for http://years.You  should let him go ,he's time is up,that would make all Americans Happy because we put you in office and he is trying to take you out
Basic fault at core of writing is the assumption that the liberal cause represents the virtuous citizenry of the US and those of Trump do not. And that the Trump Gop is authoritarian rather than the OC SJW antifa liberal side. Less govt Trump vs more govt Dems and GOPe
The pieces don't fit, Byron
Absolutely please bring on the impeachment proceedings, I will Revel and watching the Democrats blow their mandate by spending their first year in a new Congress on something the American people do not want
Not just the Democrats. #Muellerquestions to @POTUS  Gen. Flynn, in spite of FBI agents saying he didn't lie, indicted him on a technicality. Comey is lying his way  out of it OUR @TheJusticeDept is protecting him by redacting the truth from the Congressional transcript. Scary.
Impeachment Attempt = Violence
“Please don’t throw us in the briar patch!”
Democrats?
This is today's #Democrat Party 

Maxine Waters (at 4:10) promoting Sharia Law for Muslims in U.S.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xiKudoZhXc … … … … … … … … … … … …
